A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

TWENTY-NINTH & THIRTIETH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA, 1866.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1866.

A

TABLE

OF

The Public General Statutes passed in the First Session of the Nineteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

29° & 30° VICTORIA.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government. 1

II. An Act to amend the Law relating to Contagious or Infectious Diseases in Cattle and other Animals. 2

III. An Act to amend the Telegraph Act, 1863. 12

IV. An Act to amend the Law relating to Contagious Diseases amongst Cattle and other Animals in Ireland. 13

V. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Investments on account of Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks. 17

VI. An Act to apply the Sum of One million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six. 19

VII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria, 21

VIII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert on his coming of Age. 22

IX. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 23

iv TABLE OF PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

X. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 84

XI. An Act for the Cancellation of certain Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 141

XII. An Act to make Provision for the Government of Jamaica. 142

XIII. An Act to apply the Sum of Nineteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six. 143

XIV. An Act for the Abolition of the Offices of Treasurer and of High Bailiff of County Courts as Vacancies shall occur, and to provide for the Payment of future Registrars of County Courts. 145

XV. An Act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, to prevent the spreading of Contagious or Infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals. 149

XVI. An Act for facilitating the public Exhibition of Works of Art in certain Exhibitions. 152

XVII. An Act to regulate the Inspection of Cattle Sheds, Cowhouses, and Byres within Burghs and populous Places in Scotland. 153

XVIII. An Act to make Provision for the Transfer of the Assets, Liabilities, and Management of the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Military Funds, the Bengal Military Orphan Society, and other Funds, to the Secretary of State for India in Council. 155

XIX. An Act to amend the Law relating to Parliamentary Oaths. 157

XX. An Act to indemnify William Forsyth Esquire, One of Her Majesty's Counsel, from any penal Consequences which he may have incurred by sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Standing Counsel to the Secretary of State in Council of India. 160

XXI. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire by compulsory Purchase or otherwise certain Lands, Houses, and Premises in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster; and for other Purposes. 162

XXII. An Act to render it unnecessary to make and subscribe certain Declarations as a Qualification for Offices and Employments; to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Office and Employment; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 169

XXIII. An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man, and for other Purposes. 170

29° & 30° VICTORIAE. v

XXIV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Winchester, Burton-upon-Trent, Longton, Accrington, Preston, Bangor, Elland, Halstead, Wadsworth, Canterbury, Dartmouth, Dukinfield, Stroud, and Bridlington, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act. 175

XXV. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 196

XXVI. An Act to secure the Repayment of Public Moneys advanced for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands and other like Objects in Ireland. 207

XXVII. An Act to amend The Dockyard Extensions Act, 1865. 209

XXVIII. An Act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make Advances towards the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes. 209

XXIX. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the In closure Commissioners for England and Wales. 213

XXX. An Act to amend The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861. 214

XXXI. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Vestries and other Boards within the Area of the Metropolis Local Management Act. 215

XXXII. An Act further to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. 217

XXXIII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." 218

XXXIV. An Act to give further Facilities for the Establishment of Societies for the Assurance of Cattle and other Animals. 220

XXXV. An Act for the better Prevention of Contagious Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations. 220

XXXVI. An Act to grant, alter, and repeal certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 239

XXXVII. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King Geortge the Third, Chapter One hundred and twenty-three, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. 246

XXXVIII. An Act to enable Boards of Guardians in Ireland to provide Coffins and Shrouds for the Burial of poor Persons who at the Time of their Death were not in receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates. 253

vi TABLE OF PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

XXXIX. An Act to consolidate the Duties of the Exchequer and Audit Departments, to regulate the Receipt, Custody, and Issue of Public Moneys, and to provide for the Audit of the Accounts thereof. 254

XL. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Purposes of Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. 271

XLI. An Act to amend the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1860. 274

XLII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Life Insurances in Ireland. 274

XLIII. An Act for the Establishment and Regulation of Savings Banks for Seamen and Marines of the Royal Navy. 275

XLIV. An Act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes in Ireland. 277

XLV. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Sea Fisheries in Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works. 283

XLVI. An Act to authorize the Town Council of Belfast to levy and pay Charges in respect of extra Constabulary. 284

XLVII. An Act to legalize the Payment and Distribution of Indian Prize Money by the Treasurer or Secretary of Chelsea Hospital, and to amend an Act for the consolidating and amending the Law relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money. 286

XLVIII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth of Cambridge. 288

XLIX. An Act to provide for fthe better Maintenance of Works executed under the Acts for the Drainage of Lands in Ireland. 289

L. An Act to revive Section Sixty-nine of "The Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856," relating to Burials in Burghs. 296

LI. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Care and Treatment of Lunatics. 297

LII. An Act to extend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make Provision for Expenses on Charges of Felony and certain Misdemeanors before examining Magistrates. 305

LIII. An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860. 307

29° & 30° VICTORIAE. vii

LIV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Qualifications of Revising Barristers. 308

LV. An Act to enable the Postmaster General to sit in the House of Commons. 308

LVI. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Clynder, Hastings, and Newlyn. 309

LVII. An Act to make further Provision for the Enrolment of certain Deeds, Assurances, and other Instruments relating to Charitable Trusts. 326

LVIII. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Ardglass, Blackpool (South), Cowes (West), Dawlish, Hopeman, Hornsea, Llandudno, Penzance, Plymouth (Hoe), Redcar, and Scarborough. 328

LIX. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. 386

LX. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 412

LXI. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), and the Acts amending the same. 430

LXII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown. 432

LXIII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the intended Courts of Justice. 440

LXIV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. 441

LXV. An Act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Colonial Branch Mints a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 448

LXVI. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the New Forest. 450

LXVII. An Act for the Union of the Colony of Vancouver Island with the Colony of British Columbia. 452

LXVIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the granting of Pensions and Superannuation Allowances to Persons holding certain Offices connected with the Administration of Justice in England. 454

viii TABLE OF PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

LXIX. An Act for the Amendment of the Law with respect to the Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods. 457

LXX. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land to certain Portions of the Forest of Dean called Walmore Common and The Bearce Common, and for authorizing Allotments in lieu of the Forestal Eights of Her Majesty in and over such Commons. 459

LXXI. An Act to facilitate the letting on Lease, feuing, or selling Glebe Lands in Scotland. 461

LXXII. An Act to authorize Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and for the Employment of the Poor; and for the Purposes of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866, and The Labouring Classes Dwellings Act, 1866. 468

LXXIII. An Act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland. 473

LXXIV. An Act to repeal Part of an Act intituled An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. 477

LXXV. An Act to amend and explain the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, relating to Parochial Buildings in Scotland. 478

LXXVI. An Act to provide for the Collection of Fees in Public Departments and Offices by means of Stamps. 479

LXXVII. An Act to amend the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-four, relating to the Erection of new Parishes quoad sacra in Scotland. 481

LXXVIII. An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Assessment of County Eates. 482

LXXIX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act 1858," relating to the District of Ventnor, and for the Repeal of the South Wales Highway Act in Briton Ferry District. 483

LXXX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." 488

LXXXI. An Act to amend the Law respecting Leases by Ecclesiastical Corporations, as far as relates to the Isle of Man. 489

LXXXII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Standard Weights and Measures and to the Standard Trial Pieces of the Coin of the Realm. 490

LXXXIII. An Act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for the Enlargement of the National Gallery. 493

29° & 30° VICTORIAE. ix

LXXXIV. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Profession of Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland, and to assimilate them to those in England. 501

LXXXV. An Act to facilitate the Establishment, Improvement, and Maintenance of Oyster and Mussel Fisheries in Great Britain. 519

LXXXVI. An Act for vesting the Glebe Lands of the Vicarage of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and for making Provision for the Endowment of the said Vicarage in lieu thereof; and for the Promotion of other Ecclesiastical Purposes connected therewith. 525

LXXXVII. An Act to amend the Foreign Jurisdiction Act. 541

LXXXVIII. An Act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds. 542

LXXXIX. An Act for vesting in the Conservators of the River Thames the Conservancy of the Thames and Isis from Staines in the County of Middlesex to Cricklade in the County of Wilts; and for other Purposes connected therewith. 544

XC. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Public Health. 570

XCI. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 591

XCII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 615

XCIII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Aberdeen. 617

XCIV. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 622

XCV. An Act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make temporary Advances to Railway Companies in Ireland. 622

XCVI. An Act to amend the Bills of Sale Act, 1854. 626

XCVII. An Act further to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland, and to amend the Acts for that Purpose. 628

XCVIII. An Act to extend the Duration of The Dockyard Extensions Act (1865). 632

x TABLE OF PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

XCIX. An Act to reduce the Number of Judges in the Landed Estates Court in Ireland, and to reduce the Duties payable under the Record of Title and Land Debentures Acts. 633

C. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to Prisons. 636

CI. An Act to make further Provision respecting the Fees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and respecting the Salaries of certain Officers of those Courts. 638

CII. An Act to continue various expiring Acts. 640

CIII. An Act to amend an Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 642

CIV. An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of Bonds issued for the Repayment of Advances made out of Public Funds for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand. 648

CV. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provision concerning Turnpike Roads. 650

CVI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of West Hartlepool, Tormoham, Harrogate, St Leonard, Wednesfield, Aberdare, Bristol, Derby, Shrewsbury, Nether-thong, Hove, New Windsor, Hanley, Burnley, and Accrington; and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act. 664

CVII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Ramsgate, Leominster, Stalybridge, Lincoln, Maidstone, Banbury, Tunbridge Wells, Bedford, and Southampton; and for other Purposes relative to Districts under the said Act. 743

CVIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities issued by Railway Companies. 763

CIX. An Act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy. 768

CX. An Act to amend the Cattle Diseases Prevention Act. 707

CXI. An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. 799

CXII. An Act to make Provision in regard to the Mode of taking Evidence in Civil Causes in the Court of Session in Scotland. 808

CXIII. An Act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes, and to make other Amendments in the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor. 810

29° & 30° VICTORIAE. xi

CXIV. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act. 814

CXV. An Act to provide for the Government of the "Straits Settlements." 816

CXVI. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 818

CXVII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Great Britain. 821

CXVIII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Industrial Schools in Great Britain. 838

CXIX. An Act to continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited Time such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government. 855

CXX. An Act to make Provision for the Administration of the Patriotic Fund. 855

CXXI. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Treaties of Extradition. 856

CXXII. An Act to make Provision for the Improvement, Protection, and Management of Commons near the Metropolis. 857

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

29 Victoria.

CAP. I.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

[17th February 1866.]

WHEREAS a treasonable Conspiracy now unfortunately exists in Ireland:

Therefore, for the better Preservation of Her Majesty's most sacred Person, and for securing the Peace, the Laws, and Liberties of this Kingdom, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Persons imprisoned in Ireland for High Treason or Treason Felony, &c. may be detained till 1st Sept. 1866, and shall not be bailed or tried without an Order from the Privy Council.]

1. That all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be within Prison within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland at or on the Day on which this Act shall receive Her Majesty's Royal Assent, or after, by Warrant of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council of Ireland, signed by Six of the said Privy Council, for High Treason or Treason Felony or treasonable Practices, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treason Felony or treasonable Practices, or by Warrant signed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, for such Causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody without Bail or Main-prize until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed without Order from Her said Majesty's Privy Council until the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Persons to whom Warrants of Commitments are directed shall detain the]

2. In Cases where any Person or Persons have been before the passing of this Act, or shall be during the Time this Act shall continue in force, arrested, committed, or detained in Custody by force of a Warrant or Warrants of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council of Ireland, signed by Six of

2 Cap. 1, 2. Habeas Corpus Suspension (Ireland). 29 VICT.

[Persons so committed in safe Custody.]

---

the said Privy Council, for High Treason or Treason Felony or treasonable Practices, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treason Felony or treasonable Practices, or by Warrant or Warrants signed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, for such Causes as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom such "Warrant or Warrants have been or shall be directed to detain such Person or Persons so arrested or committed in his or their Custody in any Place whatever within Ireland, and that such Person or Persons to whom such Warrant or Warrants have been or shall be directed shall be deemed and taken to be to all Intents and Purposes lawfully authorized to detain in safe Custody, and to be the lawful Gaolers and Keepers of such Persons so arrested, committed, or detained, and that such Place or Places, where such Persons so arrested, committed, or detained are or shall be detained in Custody shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be lawful Prisons and Gaols for the Detention and safe Custody of such Person and Persons respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant signed by him or them, or for the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, by Warrant signed by such Chief Secretary, or for Her Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by Warrant signed by Six of the Privy Council, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be, to change the Person or Persons by whom and the Place in which such Person or Persons so arrested, committed, or detained shall be detained in safe Custody.

Persons charged with Custody, as also Place of Detention, may be changed by Warrant as herein mentioned.

Copies of Warrants to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown for Dublin.

[Short Title.]

Application of Act.

3. Provided always, That Copies of such Warrants respectively shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in and for the County of the City of Dublin, and shall be filed by him in the Public Office of the Pleas of the Crown in the City of Dublin.

CAP. II.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Contagious or Infectious Diseases in Cattle and other Animals.

[20th February 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Contagious or Infectious Diseases in Cattle and other Animals:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be cited for all Purposes as <c The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866/ '

2. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

3. "Person"

Cattle Diseases.

Cap. 2.

3. "Person" shall include a Body of Persons corporate or unincorporate:

" Cattle" shall mean Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, or Calf:

" Animal" shall mean Cattle, as above defined, Sheep, Goats* and Swine:

" Cattle Plague" shall mean the Rinderpest or Disease commonly called the Cattle Plague:

"Municipal Borough " or " Borough" shall mean any Place for the Time being subject to an Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, which is not assessed to the County Rate of any County by the Justices of such County:

" County99 shall not include a County of a City or County of a Town, but shall include any Riding, Division, or Parts of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace:

The Liberty of St. Albans, and the Liberty of the Isle of Ely, and the Soke of Peterborough, shall respectively be deemed to be separate Counties, but all other Liberties and Franchises of Counties shall be considered as forming Part of the County by which they are surrounded, or if partly surrounded by Two or more Counties, then as forming Part of that County with which they have the longest Common Boundary:

" The Metropolis " shall include all Parishes and Places in which the Metropolitan Board of Works have Power to levy a Main Drainage Rate:

Every Place that is not, according to the foregoing Definitions, a Borough, a County, or a Part of the Metropolis, or is not separately mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed to form Part of the County, as herein-before defined, to the County Rate of which it is assessed, or, if not so assessed, of the County within which it is situate.

4. For the Purposes of this Act " District/5 " Local Authority," " Local Rate," and " Clerk of Local Authority " shall respectively mean the Places, Bodies of Persons, Rate, and Officer in the First Schedule hereto annexed in that Behalf mentioned: Provided that within the City of London and the Liberties thereof the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, except that of making a Rate, be deemed the Local Authority, but for the Purpose of making a Rate for the Purposes of this Act the Metropolitan Board of Works shall be the Local Authority.

5. As soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act the Commissioners of Supply in every County in Scotland shall meet and nominate not less than Four or more than Fifteen of their Number to act on the County Board for the Purposes of this Act, and shall intimate to the Lord Lieutenant

A 2 of

3

Definition of certain Terms: "Person " Cattle " Animal

" Cattle Plague

" Municipal Borough

" County

" The Metropolis."

Definition of " District, "

" Local Authority/ '

" Local Rate," and Clerk of Local Authority."

Appointment of Local Authority in Counties in Scotland.

IWer to assemble adjourned Sessions.

Meeting of Local Authority in Scotland.

Power to Local Authority to torm Committee of its own Members and others.

Cap. 2. Cattle Diseases. 29 Vict.

of the County and the Convener of the County the Number and Names of the Persons so appointed; and the Lord Lieutenant shall forthwith nominate an equal Number of Persons being Tenants of Agricultural Subjects, valued in the Valuation Poll in force for the Time at One hundred Pounds a Year or upwards* within such County to act on the County Board, and shall intimate the Names of the Persons so nominated to the Convener of the County, and the Persons so nominated by the Commissioners of Supply and Lord Lieutenant respectively, and also the said Lord Lieutenant, the Convener of the County, and the Sheriff of the County, or, in his Absence, any of his Substitutes within such County as he may direct, shall constitute the Local Authority; and so far as not otherwise provided by this Act such Local Authority shall have all the Powers conferred on the Local Authority by this Act* and shall have Power to elect a Chairman, specify a Quorum, and make all Regulations necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into effect.

6. Where the General or Quarter Sessions in any County do not stand adjourned to some Day not later than Seven Days after the passing of this Act, such Sessions shall notwithstanding be ^eemed* by virtue of this Act, to stand adjourned to Monday in the First Week succeeding the Week in which this Act passes.

7. The First Meeting of the Local Authority in Scotland shall be held on a Day to be fixed and notified by the Convener of the County, and the Local Authority may adjourn from Time to Time as they may think fit.

8. Any Local Authority may form One or more Committee or Committees consisting wholly of its own Members, or partly of its own Members and partly of such other Persons, being rated Occupiers in the District and qualified in such other Manner as the Local Authority may determine, and may delegate to such Committee all or any Powers conferred on them by this Act, excepting the Power to make a Rate, and may from Time to Time revoke or alter any Power so given to such Committee.

A Committee may elect a Chairman of their Meetings. If no such Chairman is elected, or if the Chairman elected is not present at the Time appointed for holding the same, the Members present shall choose One of their Number to be Chairman of such Meeting. A Committee may meet and adjourn as they think proper. Every Question at a Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members present, and voting on that Question; and in case of an equal Division of Votes the Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

The Proceedings of a Committee shall not be invalidated by any Vacancy or Vacancies amongst its Members* or, in case of a Committee appointed by the General or Quarter Sessions of a County, by the Termination of the Sessions by which they

1866. Cattle Diseases. Cap. 2. 5

were appointed: Provided always, that in the Case of the Formation of Two or more Committees, such Committees shall act according to such Rules as shall be laid down for their Guidance by such Local Authority.

9. Every Local Authority shall with all convenient Speed appoint such Number of Inspectors and other Officers as it shall think necessary for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act within its District. It shall assign them such Duties, and award them such Salaries or Allowances as it thinks expedient; and no Stamp shall be required on. the Appointment of any Officer made in pursuance of this Act. It may revoke any Appointment so made: Provided that all Persons appointed Inspectors before the passing of this Act under the Authority of any Order of the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council relative to the Cattle Plague, and being such at the passing of this Act, shall be Cattle Inspectors to act in the Execution of this Act in and for the Districts for which they respectively were appointed; but any such Appointment may at any Time be revoked by the Authority that would be empowered to revoke it if it had been made under this Act.

The Certificate of an Inspector of the Local Authority that an Animal is affected by Cattle Plague shall for the Purposes of this Act be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere of its having been so affected.

10. Any Inspector or other Officer authorized to carry into effect the Provisions of this Act may, at all Times, enter any Field, Stable, Cow Shed, or other Premises within his District where he has reasonable Grounds for supposing that Cattle affected by the Cattle Plague are to be found, for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person refuses Admission to or obstructs or impedes or aids in obstructing or impeding any such Inspector or other Officer, he shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that such Inspector shall, if required, state in Writing the Grounds on which he has entered such Premises for the Purpose aforesaid.

PART I.

Temporary Provisions.

11. Part I. of this Act shall continue in force till the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and no longer, unless continued or renewed by Order of Her Majesty in Council; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, from Time to Time to continue, or to renew if expired, all or any of the Provisions in this Part of this Act contained for such Time as is specified in such Order.

Slaughter of diseased Animals.

12. Every Local Authority shall cause all Animals affected with the Cattle Plague within its District to be slaughtered,


Appointment of Inspectors and other Officers.

Power of Entry for Inspectors,

&c.

Penalty for impeding Inspectors.

Limit of Duration of Part I.

Power to slaughter diseased Animals.

Burial of diseased Animals.

Purification of Sheds, &c. of diseased Animals.

Power to order Slaughter of Cattle herded with diseased Animals.

Power to ascertain Value of slaughtered Animals.

Cap. 2. Cattle Diseases. 29 VICT.

and stall, by way of Compensation for every Animal so slaughtered, pay to the Owner thereof such Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and not exceeding One Half of the Value of the Animal immediately before it was affected with the Cattle Plague, as to such Local Authority may seem fit.

13. Every Local Authority shall cause every Animal that has died of Cattle Plague, or has been slaughtered in consequence of being affected with Cattle Plague within its District, to be buried as soon as possible in its Skin in some proper Place, and to be covered with a sufficient Quantity of Quicklime or other Disinfectant, and with not less than Six Feet of Earth.

14. Every Local Authority shall, within its District, cause the Yard, Shed, Stable, Field, or other Premises in which any Animal affected with Cattle Plague has been kept while affected by the Disease, or has died or been slaughtered, to be thoroughly cleansed and disinfected, and all Hay, Straw, Litter, Dung, or other Articles that have been used in or about any such Animal to be burnt or otherwise destroyed; and no fresh Animal shall be admitted into any Yard, Shed, Stable, Field, or other Premises in which any Animal affected with Cattle Plague has been kept while affected by the Disease, or has died or been slaughtered, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the cleansing and disinfecting of such Premises in pursuance of this Act; and every Local Authority shall direct the disinfecting the Clothes of, and the Use of due Precautions by Inspectors, Cattle Overseers, and others in contact with Animals affected by the Cattle Plague, with a view to prevent the spreading of Contagion.

15. A Local Authority may, if it thinks fit, cause to be slaughtered any Animal that has been in the same Shed or Stable, or in the same Herd or Flock, or in contact with any Animal affected with Cattle Plague within its District; and the Owner of any Animal so slaughtered may either dispose of the Carcase on his own Account, with a Licence from some Officer appointed in that Behalf by a Local Authority, or may require the Local Authority to dispose of the same, in which Case such Local Authority shall pay to the Owner thereof, by way of Compensation, such Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, as may equal Three Fourths of the Value of the Animal slaughtered: Provided always, that the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or any Two or more of them, may reserve Animals (ordered to be slaughtered as aforesaid) for the Purpose of experimental Treatment.

16. The Local Authority may require the Value of any Animal slaughtered under this Act to be ascertained by Officers of the Local Authority or by Arbitration, and generally may impose Conditions as to Evidence of the Slaughter and Value of the Animals slaughtered: Provided that no Compensation shall in any Case be paid in respect of any Animal

1866. Cattle Diseases. Cap. 2.

found affected with Cattle Plague in a Market or on a Highway, or in respect of any Animal which has been moved or otherwise dealt with in contravention of this Act, or any Order of a Local Authority made in pursuance thereof

Movement of Cattle.

17. AH Cattle brought by Sea from any Place in Great Britain or from any Place out of the United Kingdom into any Town or Place in Great Britain shall be marked by clipping the Hair off the End of the Tail, and no such Cattle shall be removed alive from such Town or Place except by Sea,

Ho Cattle shall be moved on any Railway before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

PART II.

Expenses.

18. All Expenses incurred by a Local Authority in pursuance of this Act, including any Compensation payable by it in respect of Animals slaughtered in pursuance of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Local Rate as defined by this Act, or out of a separate Rate to be levied in all respects in the same Manner as the Local Rate, and included under the Term " Local Rate/ '

Any Person who is not the Owner of the Premises in respect of which he is rated, under this Section, to the Local Rate may deduct from the growing Rent due to the Owner of such Premises One Half of the Rate payable by him for the Purposes of this Act, and every Owner shall allow such Deduction accordingly.

x< Owner99 for the Purposes of this Section shall mean the Person for the Time being entitled to receive the Rackrent of the Premises in respect of which the Rate is made on his own Account, or who would be entitled to receive the same if such Premises were let at a Rackrent, including under the Term " Rackrent" any Rent which is not less than 'Two Thirds of the net annual Value of the Premises out of which the Rent issues.

Every Local Authority shall have Power, notwithstanding any Limit in any Act of Parliament, to levy a Local Rate to the Amount required for the Purposes of this Act, but every Rate or Increase of Rate levied under this Section shall in all Precepts for the Levy thereof be described as a separate Rate or separate Item of Rate, and when collected from the individual Ratepayers'it shall be collected as a separate Rate or specified as a separate Item of Rate.

19. Where, before the passing of this Act, any Person has suffered so great a Loss of Cattle by Cattle Plague as to

Regulations as to Movement of Cattle.

Expenses of Local Authority.

Power to remit Rate in certain Cases.

Application of Balance of voluntary Rate.

Amount of Insurance that may be recovered on slaughtered Animals.

Mode of levying and recovering Assessments in Scotland.

As to the Mortgage of Rates in certain Cases.

Cap. 2. Cattle Diseases. 29 VICT.

entitle him in the Opinion of the Local Authority to a Remission in whole or in part of any Rate due from him for the Purposes of this Act, such Remission may be granted by the Local Authority.

When within the District of any Local Authority any Sum has been raised by a voluntary Rate for the Purpose of paying for Cattle slaughtered with a view of preventing the Spread of the Cattle Plague, the Local Authority may, with the Consent of the Managers of such voluntary Rate, after satisfying itself that the Rate or such Portion of the Rate as has been expended has been duly expended for the Purpose aforesaid, and having received from such Managers the Balance of such Rate, if any, apply it to the Purposes of this Act, and in such Case the Suras proved to the Satisfaction of such Local Authority to have been paid by any Person to such voluntary Rate, and to have been duly accounted for, shall be deducted from any Rate payable by such Person under the Provisions of this Act.

20. Where any Animal has been slaughtered under the Provisions of this Act, the Owner of such Animal shall not be entitled to recover in respect of the Insurance of such Animal any Sum which, together with the Payment he receives for such Animal under the Provisions of this Act, shall exceed the Sum which he would otherwise have been entitled to receive in respect of such Insurance.

21. The Local Authority in Counties in Scotland shall from Time to Time give Notice to the Commissioners of Supply of the Sums necessary to be provided under the Provisions of this Act by means of the Local Rate, and the Amount so intimated shall be assessed and collected by the Commissioners of Supply according to the Real Rent of Lands and Heritages as appearing on the Valuation Roll in force for the Year, and pay over the same to the Local Authority, and the Local Authority in Burghs in Scotland shall in like Manner assess and collect the Amount required to be raised by Local Rate within such Burgh, and all such Assessments shall be payable by the Tenant who shall be entitled to deduct One Half thereof from the Rent payable by him to the Proprietor, and all the Provisions in regard to the Recovery of Assessments in the Act Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-two, intituled An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland, shall be held to be incorporated in this Act in so far as not inconsistent with its Provisions.

22. Whenever the Rate levied or to be levied for the Purposes of this Act exceeds the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, a Local Authority may, for the Purposes of defraying any further Costs, Charges, and Expenses under this Act, borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Local Rate, any Sums of Money necessary for defraying such Costs,

Charges,

Cattle Diseases.

9

1866.

Cap. 2.

Charges, and Expenses; and for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of any Sums of Money so borrowed, together with such Interest as aforesaid, the Local Authority may mortgage and assign over the said Local Rate for any Period not exceeding Seven Years to the Persons by or on behalf of whom such Sums are advanced; and in any Case where the Rate levied or to be levied for meeting the Charges of this Act shall exceed Ninepence in the Pound, the Lords of the Treasury may, upon Application from the Local Authority, extend the Term to any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, and the Local Authority may mortgage and assign over the said Rate for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years accordingly.

23. The Clauses of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to Mortgages to be created by the Commissioners, shall form Part of and be incorporated with this Act, and any Mortgagee or Assignee may enforce Payment of his Principal and Interest by Appointment of a Receiver. In the Construction of those Clauses the Commissioners shall mean " the Local Authority/ '

24. The Public Works Loan Commissioners, as defined by " The Public Works Loan Act, 1853," may, out of Monies at their Disposal, with the Approval of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, advance to any Local Authority, upon the Security of the Local Rate, without any further Security, to be repaid, with Interest, within any Period as aforesaid, any Sums of Money to be applied by such Authority in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

25. Every Local Authority shall report to the Privy Council the State of the Cattle Plague in their District, and give such other Information with respect to the Cattle Plague, in such Form and at such Time as the Privy Council may require.

26. Any Local Authority may purchase or hire a Piece or Pieces of Land for the Purpose of burying therein Animals dying of Cattle Plague or slaughtered under this Act, and, in the Case of Seaports, for the Purpose of providing proper Places for the Slaughter of Cattle which under the Provisions of this Act cannot be removed alive from such Ports; and in order to facilitate any such Purchase the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," relating to the Purchase of Land by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act.

Legal Proceedings and Saving Clauses.

27. If any Person acts in contravention of any Provisions in this Act contained, or any Order made by a Local Authority in pursuance of this Act, he shall for each Offence incur a

Penalty

Certain Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. incorporated.

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend Money.

Reports by Local Authority to Privy Council.

Power to purchase Land for Burial of diseased Animals.

Penalty for Disobedience of Act or Order.

Cattle Diseases.

Local Authority in Scotland may apply to the Procurator Fiscal.

Sheriff in Scotland to have concurrent Jurisdiction.

Recovery of Penalties.

Appeal,

29 Vict *

Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and where any such Offence is committed with respect to more than Four Animals, a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Animal may be imposed instead of the Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

28. In the event of any Person refusing or delaying to comply with the Order of any Local Authority in Scotland, the Local Authority may give Information thereof to the Procurator Fiscal of the County or Burgh, who may apply to the Sheriff for a Warrant to carry out such Order, and such Warrant may be executed by the Officers of Court in the usual Way.

29. In Scotland all the Judicial Powers given to Justices and Quarter Sessions, or to Magistrates in Boroughs, by this Act, may also be exercised by the Sheriff of the County or the Sheriff Substitute.

30. Penalties under this Act, and Expenses directed to be recovered in a summary Manner, may be recovered before Two Justices in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions loiihin England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same, and in Scotland by summary Complaint before the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, or Two Justices, or in Boroughs before the Magistrates, in manner provided by the Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

Any Railway Company or other Body Corporate may appear before any Justice, Sheriff, or Sheriff Substitute by any Member of them Board of Management, or by any Officer authorized in Writing under the Hand of any Director or Manager of the Company.

31. If any Party feels aggrieved by the Dismissal of Iris Complaint by the Justices, or by any Determination or Adjudication of the Justices with respect to any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, the Party so dis-satisfied may appeal therefrom, subject to the Conditions and Regulations following:

1. The Appeal shall be made to some Court of General or

Quarter Sessions for the County or Place in which the Cause of Appeal has arisen, holden not less than Fifteen Days and not more than Four Months after the Decision of the Justices from which the Appeal is made:

2. The Appellant shall, within Three Days after the Cause

of Appeal has arisen, give Notice to the Clerk of the Petty Sessional Division for which the Justices act

whose

1866. Cattle Diseases. Cap. 2. 13

whose Decision is appealed from of his Intention to appeal, and of the Grounds thereof, and in Scotland to the Clerk of the Peace for the County:

3. The Appellant shall immediately after such Notice enter

into a Recognizance, before a Justice of the Peace, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned personally to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereon, and to pay such Costs as may be awarded by the Court:

4. The Court may adjourn the Appeal, and may make such

Order thereon as they think just:

But nothing in the present Section respecting Appeals shall affect any Enactments relative to Appeals in Cases of summary Convictions or Adjudications in the City of London or the Metropolitan Police District.

32. All Orders made by the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Confirmation of Council in pursuance of the Act of the Session of the Eleventh Orders *

and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and seven, and all Orders made and Notices published by Local Authorities under the Powers conferred on them by such Orders of the Lc^ds of Her Majesty's Privy Council, shall be deemed to have been duly made and authorized by the said Act, and shall, so far as they are consistent with this Act, remain in full Force until they are revoked or have expired by Lapse of Time.

33. All Expenses already incurred by any Local Authority Expenses in-as defined by the said Orders of the Lords of Her Majesty's curred prior to Privy Council previous to the passing of this Act, in publishing passing 0 ct any Notices or Advertisements in pursuance of or under any Authority derived from any Order of the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council made in pursuance of the said Act,

shall be deemed to have been duly charged on any Rate out of which such Expenses have been defrayed; or such Expenses may be paid in like Manner as Expenses incurred pursuant to this Act.

34. This Act shall continue in force until the First Day Continuance of of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and Act

until the End of the then Session of Parliament, and no longer, except in so far as respects the Power of levying Rates for repaying any Sums borrowed under the Provisions of this Act: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council at any Time to suspend the Operation of this Act as respects the Slaughter of Cattle.

12

Cap. 2, 3.

Cattle Diseases.

29 VICT.

Powers vested in Secretary of State under 26 & 27 Vict. C. 112. s. 52. may be exercised by Lord lieutenant of Ireland.

Where such Powers are exercised, Sect.

SCHEDULE.

Districts of Local Authority. Description of Local Authority of District set opposite its Name. Local Rate. Clerk of Local Authority.

ENGLAND AND WALES.

Counties except the The Justices in The County Bate, Clerk of the

Metropolis. General or Quarter Sessions assembled. or Bate in the Nature of a County Bate. Peace.

The Metropolis The Metropolitan Board of Works. Bate or Bund applicable to the Payment of the general Expenses of the Board. The Clerk of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

Boroughs The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Council. The Borough Fund or Borough Bate. Town Clerk.

District of Local Board of Oxford. The Local Board - SCOTLi Bate leviable by the Local Board. um Clerk of the Local Board.

Counties, including any Town or Place which does not return or contribute to return a Member to Parliament. The Persons appointed in Sec. 5 of this Act. Bate appointed to be levied in Sec. 21 of Act. Clerk of Supply.

Burghs which return or contribute to return a Member to Parliament. The Magistrates an d Town Council. Do. Do. - Town Clerk.

CAP. III.

An Act to amend The Telegraph Act, 1863.

[6th March 1866.] BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Powers vested in One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by Section Fifty-two of The Telegraph Act, 1863, may be exercised in Ireland by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, as well as by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, subject, with respect to Compensation, and in all other respects, to the Provisions in that Section contained.

2. Where the Powers of Section Fifty-two of the said Act are exercised by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor

or

1866. Telegraph Act Amendment. Cap. 3* 4.

or Governors of Ireland, then and in every such Case, in Section Fifty-one of the same Act, the Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas in Dublin shall be deemed to be substituted for the Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

3. The Provisions of the following Sections of the said Act, namely, Sections Forty-eight to Fifty-one (both inclusive), Section Fifty-two as amended by this Act, and Section Fifty-three, shall extend and apply to all incorporated Companies, existing or future, constituted with the Object or carrying on the Business of constructing, maintaining, or working Telegraphs, and to the Works of those Companies.

4. This Act may be cited as The Telegraph Act Amendment Act, 1866.

CAP. IY.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Contagious Diseases amongst Cattle and other Animals in Ireland.

[6th March 1866.]

1 W/'llPP'EAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and seven, for the more effectually preventing the spreading of Contagious or Infectious Disease amongst Cattle, Sheep, Horses, Swine, or other Animals:

And whereas the said Act has been extended and eon- tinued by an Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth ' Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two, and

has by sundry Acts been further continued as so extended, and is now in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, c so far as Ireland is concerned, to amend the said Act

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Powers and Authorities by the said recited Acts vested in the Lords and others of Her Majesty's Privy Council shall and may be exercised by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as to him or them may seem necessary for the Purposes in the said recited Acts mentioned, and for the Purpose of regulating the Embarkation and Landing of Persons in charge of Cattle or Sheep or other Animals, and of prohibiting and regulating the

13

51 of above-recited Act to be altered as to Ireland.

Extension of Sects. 48 to 53 of above-recited Act to all Companies.

[Short Title.]

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 62.

Powers by said Acts vested in Privy Council may be exercised by the Lord Lieutenant, &c.

The Lord Lieutenant, with the Advice of Privy Council in Ireland, may make Orders and Regulations for the Purposes of the recited Acts and this Act

All Orders and Regulations made under this Act shall be published in the Dublin Gazette.

Dublin Gazette shall be Evidence of all Orders or Regulations found therein.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Penalty for contravening Provisions of this Act, or Orders made in pursuance thereof.

Power of Constable or Police Officer appointed to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act.

Cap. 4. Cattle Diseases (IrelandT). 29 VICT.

Importation into Ireland of Cattle, Dogs, and other Animals, and of all other Articles likely to carry or communicate Infection, and all such Orders and Regulations as to him or them may seem necessary (including the compulsory Slaughter and Burial of Animals in an infected State or likely to propagate Infection), for the Purpose of preventing the Introduction of the Cattle Plague into Ireland, and for the Purpose of preventing the spreading of the same in case it should appear in Ireland, and of making all other Orders or Regulations for enforcing and giving better Effect to this or the said recited Acts; and such Orders and Regulations, when made, and published in the Dublin Gazette, as herein-after mentioned, shall have the same Force as if they had been inserted in this Act.

3. All Orders and Regulations made under the Authority of this Act shall, within One Week after the making thereof, be published in the Dublin Gazette; and Copies of the said Orders and Regulations shall be posted at such Places and in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice and Consent of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, may direct.

4. In all Courts of Justice a Copy of the Dublin Gazette, purporting to be printed by the Queen's Authority, shall be conclusive Evidence of the due making and Publication of the Orders or Regulations which may be found therein, and it shall not be necessary to prove any other Publication or the posting of the said Orders and Regulations.

5. All Penalties imposed by this Act or the recited Acts, save as herein-after provided, may be' recovered in Ireland before a Justice at Petty Sessions, in the Manner directed by the Acts regulating Petty Sessions in Ireland; and all Penalties shall be applied as follows, that is to say, a Part thereof not exceeding One Third may be awarded to the Informer, and the rest to Her Majesty, to be applied in aid of the Fund by this Act created.

6. If any Person acts in contravention of any Provisions in this Act contained, or any Order made in pursuance of this Act, he shall for each Offence incur a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and where any such Act is committed with respect to more than Four Animals, a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Animal may be imposed instead of the Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

7. If any Person moves or otherwise deals with any Animal, Matter, or Thing, in contravention of this Act or any Order or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, or if any Drover or Person in charge of any such Animal, Matter, or Thing acts in contravention of any such Order or Regulation, any Inspector or other Officer appointed for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, or any Constable or Police Officer, may take such Offender into Custody, and detain him for such Time as may be necessary to bring him before any Justice of the Peace, who shall

1866.

15

Cattle Diseases (Irelandf). Cap. 4.

shall thereupon be authorized to adjudicate in a Summary-Manner on the Penalty to be paid by him; any such Officer may also seize any Animal, Matter, or Thing in the Charge of the Offender, and take them to some Place where they can be safely kept, and there detain them until he can obtain an Order of a Justice respecting them.

Any Justice to whom Application is made for an Order respecting any Animal, Matter, or Thing detained under this Section may order same to be detained or disposed of in such Manner as may be directed by any Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance of this Act; provided that no Right of Compensation shall be given in respect of Animals, Matters, or Things seized or disposed of under this Section.

8. Any Expenses incurred under this last Section may be recovered in a summary Manner from the Owner of the Animal, Matter* or Thing in respect of which such Expenses have been incurred, and the Animal, Matter, or Thing may be detained until all such Expenses have been defrayed; and if such Expenses are not paid within Four Days, the same may be sold by Public Auction or Private Contract, and the Monies arising from such Sale applied inPayment of the said Expenses, including the Expenses of the Sale, and the Overplus (if any) be returned to the Owner or Person in charge thereof.

9. All Orders heretofore made by Her Majesty's Privy Council shall be and remain in force and effect unless and until the same shall be modified or altered, so far as relates to Ireland, by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council, under the Powers of this Act.

10. And whereas it is expedient, in case the Cattle Disease f now prevailing in Great Britain, known as the Rinderpest,

should appear in Ireland, to provide a Fund for defraying the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, and for ' compensating the Owners of Cattle the Slaughter of which may be compelled by Authority Be it further enacted, That on Receipt of the Certificate of the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant to the Effect that a Sum equivalent to a certain Poundage, to be specified in said Certificate, on the net annual Value of the Property rateable to the Poor in all the Unions in Ireland is required for the Purpose aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland to assess such Sum, by an Order under their Seal, upon the several Unions, in proportion to the net annual Value of the rateable Property therein, according to the Valuation in force for the Time being; and the said Commissioners shall make such Order, and shall transmit to the Board of Guardians, and likewise to the Treasurer of each Union, a Copy thereof, stating the Amount so assessed on such Union; provided that no such Certificate or Order shall authorize the Assessment of more than One Halfpenny in the Pound on the net annual Value of the rateable Property as aforesaid.

B 2 1L Forth-

Power of Justices herein.

Recovery of Expenses incurred under previous Section.

Orders of Privy Council shall remain in force until modified, &c.

A Fund to be provided for defraying Expenses of this Act, to be assessed by the Poor Law Commissioners on Unions.

16

Treasurers of Unions shall pay over Amount so assessed toBank of Ireland.

All Claims for Compensation to be sent to Office of the Chief Secretary of Lord Lieutenant.

If a farther Sum required the same to be certified to the Commissioners and assessed by them.

If Occasion shall not arise for Application

Cap. 4. Cattle Diseases (Ireland). 29 VICT.

11. Forthwith on the E-eceipt of such Order the Treasurer of the Union shall, out of the Funds then lying in his Hands to the Credit of the Guardians, or, if there shall be then no sufficient Assets, out of the Monies next received by him, and placed to the Credit of the Guardians, pay over the Amount so assessed on the Union to the Bank of Ireland, to be there placed to a separate Account, to be entitled the " Cattle Plague Account and the Guardians of the Union shall in their Account with the Electoral Divisions of the Union debit each Electoral Division with its Proportion of the said Sum, according to the net annual Value for the Time being of the rateable Property situate in each such Division.

12. All Claims for Compensation for Cattle which shall have been compelled to be slaughtered as aforesaid shall be sent to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant in Dublin, and shall be there dealt with and disposed of in accordance with the Regulations in that Behalf to be made and approved by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council; provided that in the Case of Cattle affected with the Disease no greater Amount shall be paid as Compensation than One Half of the actual Value thereof immediately before being attacked by the Disease, such Value to be ascertained, certified, and reported as in the said Regulations shall be provided, the Sum in no Case to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Animal, and in the Case of such Cattle being insured, and the Insurance receivable by the Owner, no more than the Difference, if any, between the One Half of the actual Value thereof so limited, and to be ascertained as aforesaid, and the Amount of Insurance so receivable; and in case of Animals compelled to be slaughtered by reason of having been in the same Shed or Stable, or in the same Herd or Flock, or in contact with any Animal infected with the Disease, no greater Amount shall be paid as Compensation than Three Fourths of the actual Value of the Animal so slaughtered, not to exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds for each Animal, and in the Case of Cattle insured, and for which Insurance is receivable by the Owner, no more than the Difference, if any, between the Three Fourths of the actual Value thereof so limited and to be ascertained as aforesaid and the Amount of Insurance so receivable.

13. If after the Disbursement of the said Fund in the Manner aforesaid a further Sum shall be required for like Purposes, such further Sum shall be certified to the said Commissioners, and assessed by them, and paid to the same Account as herein-before enacted; provided that no larger Sum shall be levied under the Authority of this Act than shall be equivalent in the whole to a Poundage of Fourpence in the Pound on the net annual Value of the rateable Property in the Unions in Ireland.

14. If after the Assessment and Payment of any such Sum or Sums as aforesaid into the Bank of Ireland Occasion shall not

1866. Cattle Diseases (Ireland). Cap. 4, 5. 17

not arise for the Application of the whole or any Part thereof of Sums as-to the Purpose aforesaid, the Fact shall be certified, as herein-before provided, to the said Commissioners, who shall thereto the Com-upon ascertain the Amount of the remaining Balance, and missioners. make and issue an Order under their Seal assigning the Proportions returnable to each Union, according to its net annual Value, and the Bank of Ireland shall, on receiving Direction to that Effect from the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, remit the Sums so assigned to the Treasurers of the said Unions respectively, and the Guardians of each Union shall, on the Treasurer's Receipt of the Sums so assigned, credit each Electoral Division with its Proportion according to the net annual Value of the rateable Property situate in each.

15. This Act and the said recited Acts shall be construed This Act and

together, and all Provisions of the said recited Acts shall recited Acts to o ' jjp construed

remain in full Force save to the Extent to which they have together.

been modified or altered by this Act.

16. The Words "Justice of Peace " shall mean, within the Interpretation. Police District of Dublin Metropolis, One of the Divisional

Justices of said District.

[Short Title.]

17. This Act may be cited as " The Cattle Disease Act (Ireland), 1866."

18. This Act shall extend to Ireland only. T° extend to

Ireland only.

CAP. V.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Investments on account of Sayings Banks and Post Office Sayings Banks.

[13th March 1866.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of divers Acts of Parliament V the Investments made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the Monies remitted to them on account of ordinary Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks consist in part of Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in their Names in the Books of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England to Two separate Accounts, the one intituled " The Account of the Fund for the Banks of Savings/' and the other " The Account of the c Post Office Savings Banks Fund

And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision c in relation to the said Investments

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if Power to Trea-they think it advantageous to the Public Service, by Warrant addressed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of nabie Annuitiei

B 3 England, for Capital

Stock standing to Savings Bank Account.

Effect of Substitution of Terminable Annuities for Capital Stock.

Power to Commissioners of Treasury as to Payment to Commissioners of National Debt.

Power to Treasury to cancel Capital Stocks of Annuities, and substitute Terminable Annuities.

Warrants to be sufficient Authority for Cancellation, &c.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 5. Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks. 29 VICT-

England, direct them to cancel any Amount the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit, not exceeding in the whole Two million five hundred thousand Pounds, of the Capital Stocks of Annuities standing on each of the said Sayings Bank Accounts, and to substitute for the Stock so cancelled on each Account an Annuity terminable at the Expiration of a Period not exceeding Thirty Years, and equivalent in Value to the Amount of Stock cancelled, such Value to be certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury under the Hands of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller General and of the Actuary of the National Debt Office, and to be ascertained according to the Tables for the Time being in force in relation to the Grant of Annuities by the Commissioners for the Deduction of the National Debt under the Act Tenth George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four.

2. Upon the Cancellation of any Capital Stock, in pursuance of this Act, all Dividends payable thereon shall cease to be payable from and after the last Day on which they were due previously to such Cancellation, and the Terminable Annuity substituted for such Stock shall be chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing Produce thereof, in such Proportions and at such Times as may be fixed by the Warrant of the said Commissioners of the Treasury.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time vary the Periods at which Payments are to be made from the Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of any annual Charges created by any Act for the Time being in force for Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks.

4. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may in like Manner, from Time to Time, when they shall consider it advantageous for the Public Service, direct the cancelling of such further Amounts of Capital Stocks of Annuities held by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Post Office Savings Banks as they shall consider expedient, and may substitute equivalent Terminable Annuities under the Provisions of this Act in lieu of the Capital Stocks of Annuities so cancelled.

5. The Warrants to be issued to the said Governor and Company for the Cancellation of any Capital Stock and the Creation of any Terminable Annuity under this Act shall be a sufficient Authority for such Cancellation and Creation.

6. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1866."

1866.

Consolidated Fund (£1, 137, 772).

Cap. 6.

19

CAP. VI.

An Act to apply the Sum of One million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds out of the Consolidated Pund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and, sixty-six.

[13th March 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or There shall be towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for g^*^e oTttuf the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March Year ending One thousand eight hundred and si&ty-six, the Sum of One the3ist Day of million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred ^Sm^of and seventy-two Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the 1, 137, 772/. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Com- out of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom solidated Fund-of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her The Treasury Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under ^37^770/. of their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Exchequer Bills Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's to be made out Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money

not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million one 48 G. a c. 1., hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy- 4 && two Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in 5 & '6'vict the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to c. 66. the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. AH

20

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 1, 137, 772/. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to he delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to he applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Cap. 6. Consolidated Fund (i?l, 137, 772). 29 VICT.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Bate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from

21

Consolidated Fund {£ 1, 137, 772). Cap. 6, 7.

Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of tins Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. VII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria.

[23d March 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

T^WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a Marriage proposed between Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria and Prince Christian of Schleswig Holstein-Sonderbonrg-Augustenburg, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria, or to such Persons as Her Majesty thinks fit to be named in such Letters Patent, in trust or for the Use of Her Royal Highness, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds, to be settled on Her Royal Highness for Life, in such Manner as Her Majesty thinks proper, such Annuity to commence from the Date of the Marriage of Her Royal Highness with Prince Christian aforesaid, to be free from all Taxes, Assessments, and Charges, and to be paid quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October; the First Payment to be made on such of the said quarterly Days as happens next after the said Marriage, of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the Date of such Marriage and such quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof.

2. The above Annuity shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Hosted

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 6,0007. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Ilelena Augusta Victoria for Life.

Annuity to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

22

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 15,000l. to Prince Alfred Ernest Albert for Life.

Payment of proportionate Part of Annuity.

Cap. 7, 8. Princess Helena's Annuity. 29 VICT.

Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said Fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged on the said Fund.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert on his coming of Age.

[23d March 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, that Your Majesty is desirous of making competent Provision for the honourable Support and Maintenance of Your Majesty's Second Son, His Roya] Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, on his coming of Age, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto His said Royal Highness, or to such Persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in the said Letters Patent, on trust for His said Royal Highness, and subject to such Conditions as Her Majesty may direct, an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds for his Life, such Annuity to commence from the Sixth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, the Day on which His said Royal Highness came of Age, to be free from all Taxes, Assessments, and Charges, and to be paid quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October.

2. The First Payment of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the said Date of His said Royal Highness coming of Age and the First of the said quarterly Days which happens after the passing of this Act shall be made on such last-mentioned Day, and a proportionate Part shall be payable between the last quarterly Day of Payment and the Day of the Determination thereof: Provided that in the event of His said Royal Highness succeeding to any Sovereignty or Principality abroad it shall be lawful for Her Majesty or Her Successors, with the Consent of Parliament, to revoke or reduce the said Annuity by Warrant under the Sign Manual.

3. The

1866.

Prince Alfred's Annuity.

Cap. 8, 9.

23

3. The Annuity granted in pursuance of this Act shall, if Annuity Her Majesty think fit td direct, be a personal and inalienable tllis

Provision, and the same shall be charged on and payable out charged on the of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Consolidated Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof, after ^un<*' paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said Fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged on the said Fund.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1866.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary c by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of c Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's c Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in ' Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and thirty-eight thousand one hundred (and seventeen Men, including Eight thousand nine hundred

and eighty-three, all Hanks, to be employed with the Depbts c in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of

Regiments serving in Her Majesty's Indian Possessions, but exclusive of the Numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian Possessions: And whereas no Man can be f forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to c any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, c or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, and (according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; c yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Dis-c cipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or f stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be c guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law ' will allow:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Army, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the

Number of Men to consist of 138, 117, including those employed at Depots of Regiments serving in India, but exclusive of those actually serving in India.

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and

24

Copies printed by the Queen's Printer to be transmitted to Judges, &c.

Persons subject ...to this Act.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 Vict.

the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad: Provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers or Followers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, being Natives of India; and on the Trial of all Offences committed by any such Native Officer or Soldier or Follower, Deference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such Native Officers, Soldiers, or Followers, and to the established Usages of the Service.

2. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Warrant Officers, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay, and all Pensioners receiving Allowances in respect of such Service, and to Persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, Royal Engineers, and to Master Gunners, and to Conductors of Stores, and to the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving on the Commissariat Staff or in the Commissariat Staff Corps, and to Officers and Soldiers serving in the Military Store Department or in the Military Store Staff Corps, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Commissioned Officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five,) to any Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on Duty in aid of the Civil Power, or for Muster or Inspection, or who having volunteered their Services for that Purpose shall be kept on Duty in any Fort, Town, or Garrison, and to all Military Store Officers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's

Establishments

1866, Mutiny. Cap. 9. 25

Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney,

StorA, and and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as Officers, or who shall be listed or in Pay as Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the Artillery or any of the Trains of Artillery, or as Master Gunners or Gunners, or as Conductors of Stores, or who are or shall be serving in the Department of Engineers, or in the Corps of Sappers and Miners, or Pioneers, or as Military Surveyors or Draftsmen, or in the Ordnance or Public Works or Commissariat Departments, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers employed under the Ordnance, and to all Veterinary Surgeons, Medical Storekeepers, Apothecaries,

Hospital Stewards, and others serving in the Medical Department of the said Forces, and to all Licensed Suttlers, and all Followers in or of any of the said Forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Military Store Officer, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall b'e and remain in full Force and Effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Provisions of Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging,

as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, sey^ Guernsey, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting &c. such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Colonial and Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in oossession of or occupied jesty>g Pay"

M

to be subject to Provisions of this Act.

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

6. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the* Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command: Provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Field Officer is not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial: Every Officer so authorized to convene Courts-martial may confirm the Sentence of any Court-martial convened by him according to the Terms of his Warrant.

7. Any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

8. Every

3 866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service: No Sentence of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; no Sentence of Penal Servitude shall be for a Period of less than Five Years; and no Sentence of Imprisonment shall be for a Period longer than Two Years.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Troops serving in any Place beyond Seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a General Court-martial, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General

C 2 commanding

21

Powers of General Courts-martial,

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Powers of Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

As to swearing and summoning of Witnesses,

Oath to be administered to Shorthand Writer.

No Second Trial for the same Offence, but Revision maybe allowed.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

commanding the Army of which such Detachment or Portion forms Part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. All General and other Courts-martial shall administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof: It shall be lawful for the President of any Court-martial to administer an Oath to a Shorthand Writer to take down, according to the best of his Power, the Evidence to be given before the Court.

14. No Officer or Soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9, 29

than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

15. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time Crimes during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy; or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier attested for or in Pay in any Regiment or Corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment or Corps, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

16. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have Judgment of been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment Death may he General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, pe^lLrvi if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for tude or other the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm the Punishments. Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into

C 3 execution.

30

Embezzlement, &c. of Stores punishable by Penal Servitude, or by Pine, Imprisonment, &c.

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom.

execution* to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment* with or without Hard Labour* and with or without Solitary Confinement* as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

17. Any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, or any Person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money* Provisions* Forage* Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal* or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial* and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years* or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service* Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer* as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment* make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained* and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage* and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty* and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin* or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies, or in India* where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident* after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known* or the Offender* if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court* the Sentence* together with 'Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon* shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland* then by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench* Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification* and shall do all such other Acts

consequent

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 31

consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England; and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning-without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

19. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore As to Exe-

or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial l^t^nces of

holden in India, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign penal Servi-

Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into tude in the

execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any Col<>mes> India,

jl j Qp elsewhere

shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Out of Her

Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Majesty's

Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer com- dominions.

manding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station

where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the

Adjutant

32

A Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment, See.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in India, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in India, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: And elsewhere out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer commanding shall have Power to make an Order in Writing for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and such Offender shall be liable by virtue of such Order to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour and otherwise dealt with under the Sentence of the Court in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Place where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate Custody, or in the Place to which he may be removed for the Purpose of undergoing his Sentence of Penal Servitude.

20. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for such Term not exceeding Two Years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

21. Where

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

21. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Regimental Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination herein-before mentioned, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the General or other Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

24. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

26. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen, and not liable to

be

33

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

Power to'inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, &c.

Power to commute a Sentence of Cashiering.

Marking Deserters or Soldiers discharged with Ignominy.

34

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

As.to Imprison ment of Offenders already under Sentence.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

be obliterated; a Court-martial may* upon sentencing any Offender to be discharged with Ignominy, also sentence him to be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B C; and the confirming Officer may order such Sentence, both in respect of the Discharge and of the Marking, to be carried into effect.

27. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, but such Solitary Confinement shall not exceed the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

28. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award a Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and sail other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign

Station

35

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Station within which may be any such Military Prison or such General or other Officer and such other Person or Persons as the said Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the said Secretary of State may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the said Secretary of State, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

30. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of As to the

any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Qf

Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his Custody fenderZunder any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Sentence of Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in Court-martial that Behalf from the General commanding in chief, or the Adju- Cases? ° tant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal,

Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

31. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment As to the under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison

other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of prisoners6in this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part certain Cases.

of

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than such Military Prison as aforesaid, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief or the Adjutant General of Her Majesty's Forces in the Case of any such Prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the Case of any Prisoner so confined in any Part of Her Majesty's Indian Dominions, and for the General commanding in chief in any Presidency in India in the Case of a Prisoner so therein confined, and for the Officer commanding in chief or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court at any Foreign Station in the Case of a Prisoner so there confined, to give as often as Occasion may arise an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other Prison or Place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-

martial

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 37

martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions* the Secretary of State for the War Department* or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Military Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison* or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly* on the Pi'oduction of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned* be discharged or delivered over* as the Case may be: Provided always* that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place; and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise* be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and [Removal.

32. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison* Gaol* Provision for House of Correction* Lock-up House* or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall diet imprisoned in and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence Common Gaols, of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland One Shilling per Diem, and in other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Sixpence per Diem* which the Secretary of State for the War Department shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier* upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated* together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment* and which Sum of One Shilling or of Sixpence per Diem* as the Case may be* shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed. In India the Expenses incurred under the Provisions of this Section shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Expenses of such Prison* or as may be provided by the Laws or Regulations to be made in that Behalf.

33. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison* Gaol* Expiration of House of Correction* or other Place of Confinement* to whom

any Notice shall have been given* or who shall have Reason to Common Gaols, know or believe* that any Person in his Custody for any Offence* Civil or Military* is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment* shall forthwith* or as soon as may be* give* if in Great Britain to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland* or if in [iVb. 4. Price 2d.\ D India

38 Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

India to the Adjutant General of the Army, or to the nearest Military Authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, Notice of the Day and Hour on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire; and every such Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to use his best Endeavours to ascertain and report in all Cases where practicable the particular Regiment or Corps, Battalion of a Regiment or Battery of Artillery, to which such Soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the Depot or the Head Quarters of his Regiment; and in the event of his being a Recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his Report, together with the Name of the Place where the Man enlisted. In all Cases where the Soldier in Custody is under Sentence to be discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the Gaoler, such Gaoler shall not be required to make any Report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the Military Authorities herein-before referred to.

Apprehension 34. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter theuSted^m shall for aiiy Constable, or if no Constable can be

Kingdom. immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge

of

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9., 39

of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver Mm up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings* in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act* to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps, or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps* in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary of State, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment* and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person* a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence* and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department* and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a Copy of the Commitment* to the end that such Secretary of State may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any such Person shall be apprehended and InHerMa-committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or* if the Regiment or Corps be in such Part* the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance* although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed* to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer* and proceeded against according to Law; and such Descriptive Return purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always* that any such Person so committed Transfer of

D 2 as Deserters *

40

As to the temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to joining their Regiments or Corps,

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by Order of the General or other Officer commanding to serve in any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

35. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

36. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Army who, having been attested or received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he has enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, forfeit his personal Bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty.

37. Any Person who shall confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or from the Embodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Person shall at any Time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false shall by the said Justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if, when such Person shall be brought before the said Justices, it shall be proved to their Satisfaction that such Confession has been made, but Evidence of the Truth or Falsehood of such Confession shall not at that

Time

1866.

41

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Time be forthcoming, such Justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such Person in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a Statement of the Case to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a Request to be informed whether such Person appears to belong or to have belonged to the Regiment or Corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a Letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such Statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person, and shall be deemed to be legal Evidence of the Facts stated therein, and on the Receipt thereof the said Justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the Case. In India the Authority herein given to Two Justices may be exercised by One European Justice or Magistrate.

38. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

39. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again convicted for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records

D 3 of

Furlough in case of Sickness.

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate or by a Jury to be tried by a Court-martial for the same Offence.

42

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts amounting to 30/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 30/. or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 Vict.

of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, If required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Pee of Three Shillings.

40. Any Person attested for Her Majesty's Army, or serving on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia or Volunteers other than as a Commissioned Officer, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of absenting himself from his Service, or neglecting to fulfil his Contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been - appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; a*nd all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences

on

1866. Mutiny. Cscp. 9. ^£3

on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

41. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay as Officers not to

an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be 5iaSojg1^cor Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, 5

Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain

or Ireland.

42. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits shall first Questions to be ask the Person offering to enlist whether he belongs to the ^ltpt1101^f^ruits Militia, and also such other Questions as the Military Authorities may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall immediately

after giving him Enlisting Money serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

43/ Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in Recruits, -when manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the to be

Provisions herein-after contained, upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

44. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall within Ninety- When Recruits six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours tice after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Army, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting

to

44

Cap. 9.

Mutiny.

29 Vict.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received Pay, not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punisk-

to his Enlistment; and upon such Appearance the Justice or some Person deputed by him shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

45. When a Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, or in the Case of a Recruit enlisted at the Head Quarters or Depot of a Regiment to the Officer commanding the same; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money, and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

46. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration, and taken the said Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested; and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

47. No Recruit, unless be shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit previously to his being attested shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

rized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, to adjudge such Recruit when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration.

48. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the proper Military Authorities, to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

49. If any Recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

50. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Army, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to give such general Directions as may from Time to Time appear to him necessary for placing any Man who confesses himself to be a Militiaman under Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, in lieu of his being tried by Court-martial, and further to give general Directions as to the Manner in which such Stoppage shall be applied, and whether, on making good the same, the

Man

45

able as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before Two Justices or before a Court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.

46 Cap. 9.

Mutiny.

29 VICT.

Punishment of Persons offending against Laws relating to Enlistment.

Enlistment and Re-enlistment, and Transfer to another Corps abroad.

Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment or be deemed to be a Soldier in the same Manner as if .he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Soldier shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired: Provided that if the Regiment of Militia from which the Man has deserted be within the United Kingdom, the Secretary of State for the War Department shall not make such Order without the Consent of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment. If any Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff enlists in Her Majesty's Army he may be tried and punished as a Deserter, but if he confesses his Desertion the Secretary of State for the War Department, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a Deserter, may cause him to be returned to his Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, to be there put under Stoppages from his Pay until he has repaid the Amount of any Bounty received by him and the Expenses attending his Enlistment, and also the Value of any Arms, &c. issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him; or may cause him to be held to his Service in Her Majesty's Army, with a Direction, if it seems fit, that his Time of Service therein shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Time when his Engagement on the Volunteer Permanent Staff would have expired; and may further cause him to be put under Stoppages of One Penny a Day of his Pay until he has repaid the Expense attending his Engagement or Attestation on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and also the Value of any Arms, Clothing, or Appointments issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

51. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Army shall be liable to be tried for such Offence before a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishments other than Death or Penal Servitude as such Courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, and in any Colony for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such Colony, and in Her Majesty's Dominions in India for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General or Lieutenant Governor or other Officer administering the Government of any Presidency, Division, or Province, and within the Territories of any Foreign State in India for the Person performing the Duties of the Office of British Resident therein, and for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local Limits of their several Authorities any Soldiers or Persons desirous of

enlisting

1866. Mutiny. Cap. V. 47

enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Army; and it shall be lawful, notwithstanding anything contained in the Statute Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred, for any Person so authorized in Her Majesty's Dominions in India> or within the Territories of any Foreign State in India, to enlist and attest within the local Limits of his Authority any Persons desirous of enlisting in Her Majesty's Indian Forces. Any such Magistrate or Person as aforesaid shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; but no such Magistrate or other Person authorized to enlist and attest as above mentioned shall be a General Officer or hold any Regimental Commission; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier.

53. When any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Soldiers 'willing Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers to^s^- thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at ceeding Corps, such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing

and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

54. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, or for Soldiers may any Officer authorized by him in that Behalf, to direct that any

Soldier attested for any one Branch of the Service shall, on the yice to another. Application of his Commanding Officer, and with his own Consent, be transferred to some other Branch of the Service or to some other Regiment or Corps in the same Branch of the Service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every Soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and shall have a Certificate of Transfer delivered to him; but any Soldier attested for the Infantry or Military Store Staff* Corps, and at his own Request transferred to the Cavalry, Artillery, or Engineers, shall be bound to serve for the full Term of such Service as if originally enlisted therein, and any Soldier at his own Request transferred from either of such before-mentioned Services to the Infantry or Military Store Staff Corps shall be liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment: Provided always, that any Soldier who may have volunteered for the Corps of Armourer Sergeants, or for the Army Hospital Corps, shall be liable, by Order of the Military Authorities above mentioned, to be retransferred to his former Corps, or to any other Corps on the Station on which he is serving at the Time, for Misconduct,

Unfitness, or any other reasonable Cause.

55. Any

Re-engagement of Soldiers for a further Term.

Boon Service to be reckoned.

Enlistment of Negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

55. Any Soldier at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he shall have first engaged or after the Completion of such Term, with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, or any Person having been a Soldier, and having received his Discharge, may, if approved by competent Military Authority as a fit Person for Her Majesty's Service, be re-engaged to serve for the further Term of Eleven Years in the Infantry or Military Store Staff Corps, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry, and Nine Years in the Artillery or Engineers, upon making a Declaration, in the Form given in the Schedule annexed to this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain ox Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any Person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Service; and on the Expiration of the Second Term of limited Service for which any Soldier shall have engaged, the said Second Term of limited Service may be prolonged for such further Time, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer of the Station where such Soldier may be at the Time of the Expiration of such Service; and any Soldier who shall give Notice to his Commanding Officer, after completing his Second Term of limited Service, that he is desirous of continuing in Her Majesty's Service, and being approved by competent Military Authority, may be continued in such Service as a Soldier so long as he shall desire to be so continued, and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after he shall have given Notice to his Commanding Officer of his Wish to be discharged, and for that Purpose shall be considered in all respects during such Time as if his Term of Service were still unexpired: Provided always, that in reckoning Service under the original Enlistment or Re-engagement of a Soldier the Boon Service granted by the Governor General of India, dated Twelfth of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall be reckoned as actual Service, and allowed towards Pension and Discharge.

56. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

57. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured Labourer in any of

Her

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, ' whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Pecruits, such Person'may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any

CaOO^LC

49

after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Soldiers.

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 Vict.

Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

58. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by his Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

59. No Person who shall, for Six Months either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, or Depot or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, if produced, shall be Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

60. No Secretary of State for the War"Department, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their

Agents,

1866.

51

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be authorized or required by Her Majesty's Regulations or Articles of War, or by Statute Twenty-six and Twenty-seven Victoria, Chapter Sixty-five, Section Eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department: and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Pates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service.

61. And whereas by Petition of Eight in the Third Year of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened

with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by c a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the e Thirty-first Year of the Eeign of King Charles the Second,

for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen

Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or

Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any c Subject or Inhabitant of this Eealm, of any Degree, Quality, c or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it c shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to

quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting e whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in th& Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Eeign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act

to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching s of Soldiers and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any ' Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer e commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such

Officer, should at any Time thereafter have, receive, or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only

during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their c March as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such e Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport c Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport ' Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as ' there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by

Suspending Operation of certain Acts herein recited.

6 Anne, c, 14* s. 8. (I.)

Mutiny.

29 VICT.

s reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable ' Part thereof, should be commanded to march from one Part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act. Certain Re- 62. And whereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act quirements of of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter 14' c Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Magistrate biileting in Ire- or Constable should be obliged to find Quarters for or give land not now Billets to more or pother Soldiers than those only whose true necessary. c Christian and Surnames should be delivered to him in Writing under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or ' Billets for such Soldiers at the Time such Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names should be written together and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as c aforesaid, and that the Christian and Surnames of every ' Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the Name c of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or c quartered, should be given in Writing by the Constable or c Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier, and be c contained in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult [[to c comply with all the Requirements of the said EnactmentIt shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon the Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any List of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

How and where 63. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and bniefcri maybe Kaces, and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-pensioners when assembled as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two

Men

1866.

Mutiny.

Cap. 9.

53

Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and Joe furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at least where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or

Soldiers

54 Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables, and who are by this -Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted. Billeting the 64. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards

within the City and Liberties of Westminster ster. and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except

the City of London) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Oases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 55

in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Inspection of all Persons without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

65. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Military Offi-Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly asrjiStices ink or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing billeting. Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and

all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

66. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is Allowance to billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, eepers* furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period

not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed.

One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party shall, every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers before any Part of the said

56 Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Non-commissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

Interpretation 67. All Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be of Act. construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when

otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions andjto Powers and Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the aS -Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to

billeting

1866.

57

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted Exemptions in Great Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen from Blllets-held or occupied under the Authority of the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

68. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Supply of Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain Carnages, and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof, certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages,

Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant

under

oS Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Potation, as far as the same can be done. Rates to be 69. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any if^aMRe- Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate gulationsrelat- of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for mg thereto. Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may he added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for the War Department within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall he made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable;

1866.

Mutiny. Cap. 9. 59

and no Carriage shall he liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, tinder the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Humber of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

70. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord As to Supply Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, gency, &e. signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons,

Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person, and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses,

Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of. all Horses kept to draw

Carriages

60

Cap. 9.

Mutiny.

29 VICT.

Justices em-'t powered to reimburse Constables forty Sums expended by them.

Routes in Ireland.

Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

71. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

72. It shall be lawful for the Lord. Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

73. All

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

73. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers* on Duty or on their March* and their Horses and Baggage* and all Recruits marching by Route* and all Prisoners under Military Escort* and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power* and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act* or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies* when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid* or their Baggage* or returning from conveying the same* shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier* Wharf* Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges* otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed* or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance* Order* or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats* Barges* or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons* Horses* Baggage* or Stores along any Canal* from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats* Barges* and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

74. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Perries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers* and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons* or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party* debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

75. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall* if then serving abroad* be sent* if he shall so require, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense* and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or* if discharged at home* shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge*) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted* or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence* such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

76. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law* when accused of Felony* or of Misdemeanor* or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanors and Offences herein-before mentioned; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse* on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command* or shall wilfully obstruct* neglect* or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command* so accused as aforesaid* such Commanding

61

Tolls.

Ferries.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with.

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty On trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Officer shall upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any Court of Record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered* and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction* containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services* and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps* the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department* or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent* shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent* or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof* he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent* for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent* and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter* or, if lie have ceased to be an Army Agent* shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

78. Every Person* not being an authorized Army Agent* who shall negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase* Sale* or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Army* shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person* whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money 'or Reward in respect of any such Purchase* Sale, or Exchange* or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations* or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed* shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold* or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

79. Every Person, not having any Military Commission* who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken

any

1866.

«3

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

80. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Beating Order under the Hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

81. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit.

82. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

83. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an

F 2 Escape

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty for inducing Soldiers to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters without Warrant.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

64

Certain Provisions of Acts for regulating Gaols to apply to Military Prisons,

Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Dut}r, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal Punishment not exceeding Fifty Lashes, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal Punishment not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his original or of any additional Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof by a Board or by a single Visitor, be ordered to be kept in Prison for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in either a dark or light Cell, and with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, on a Bread and Water Diet, or otherwise; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any

Military

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 65

Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

84. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of Penalty on any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, p^o^for or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and refusing to to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender confine, &c. in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every ^7 of- such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

85. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange. Penalty on or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person

acting for or on his Behalf, on any Pretence whatsoever, or who Necessaries, shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Stores, &c. Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition,

Medals for good Conduct or for Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having


66

Penalties on Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to he a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, on the .Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Legislature.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 67

by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall demand and On Toll Col-receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, ^nin^Toll on Duty or on their March, for themselves or for their Horses, from Officers, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Pri- Soldiers, or for soners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners CarnaSes5 in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a and on Persons Soldier or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining personating a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such b0 eiSj c' Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to Penalties on quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this ^tary Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or agSnst die upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to Paws relating deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part to of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two

credible

68

Cap. 9.

Mutiny.

29 VICT.

Penalty on Trilling Game without Leave.

Form. of Actions at Law.

credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered* and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London* who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take* or knowingly suffer to be taken* from any Person, any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers* or shall billet any of the Wives* Children* Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier* in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier* he shall* upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial* be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant* or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day* if it be practicable* except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence* or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein* except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid* or shall force any Constable* by threatening Words* to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants* or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed* if the same can be done within reasonable Time* or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant* permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act* such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings,

88. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered* be it enacted* That every Officer who shall," without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave* take, kill* or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

89. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof* and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty* and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action* or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited* or suffer any Discontinuance thereof* or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint* the Court in which the said Matter

shall

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9 .; 69

shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and v every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

90. All Offences for which' any Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery of are by this Act imposed not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over Penalties. and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall an/I

may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by an# before One or more Justice of Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Perfor- li & 12 Vict. mance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, c' 43, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating !4&l5 Vict. the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of c' 93* the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

91. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Appropriation Value of any Articles, adjudged or recovered under the Pro- of Penalties.

visions

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.

Mode^of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Licences of Canteens.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

visions of this Act, shall, in the United Kingdom, go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, and in India to the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency to which the Court by whom the Penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice in the United Kingdom who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, Within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the said Secretary of State, and in India the Court which shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall immediately report the same to the said Military Secretary.

92. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or on the Permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivei'ed to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his- legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required; provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

93. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid;

and

1866.

71

Mutiny. Cap. 9.

and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

94. All Muster Polls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

95. All Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and all Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on Foreign Service shall be made before the Officer commanding in chiefs or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

96. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act, found guilty thereof by a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court. In India, in all Cases where any Oath is hereby required to be taken, or any Person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn Declaration or Affirmation may be substituted, if by the Laws for the Time being in force in India such Declaration or Affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the Place of an Oath, in case the Party were about to depose as a Witness in a Civil Action in any of the Supreme Courts at the Presidencies; and any Person wilfully and knowingly giving false Testimony on Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation in any Case wherein such Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation shall have been made for the Purpose of this Act, or any Proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury,

and

Attestation of Account? *

Commissaries, &c. to attest their Accounts.

Administration of Oaths,

Perjury.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Officers and Soldiers to conform to 26 & 27 Vict. c. 48., 8cc.

Where Troops are serving beyond the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bequests, &c., Actions of Debt not exceeding 400 Rupees to be cognizable by a Military Court.

Composition and Constitution of the Court prescribed.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

and being duly convicted thereof before a Court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force in England, or by any Law in force in India, a-; y Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

97. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers, in the Service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any such former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

98. It shall be the Duty of all Officers and Soldiers to observe and conform to the Provisions contained in The Regimental Debts Act, 1863/' and in the Regulations for the better Execution of the Purposes of the said Act prescribed from Time to Time by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual.

99. In all Places in India where any Body of Her Majesty's Forces may be serving situate beyond the Jurisdiction of any Courts of Requests, or other Courts for enforcing small Demands, established at the Cities of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, Actions of Debt, and all Personal Actions against Officers or against Persons licensed to act as Sutlers, or other Persons amenable to the Provisions of this Act not being Soldiers, shall be cognizable before a Court of Requests composed of Military Officers, and not elsewhere, provided the Value in question shall not exceed Four hundred Rupees, and that the Defendant was a Person of the above Description when the Cause of Action arose, which Court the Commanding Officer of any Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post is hereby authorized and empowered to convene; and the said Court shall in all practicable Cases consist of Five Commissioned Officers, and in no Instance of less than Three, and the President thereof shall in all practicable Cases be a Field Officer, and in no Case be under the Rank of a Captain, and every

1866., Mutiny. Cap. 9. 73

every Member shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned

Officer; and the President and Members assisting at any such President, &c.

Court, before any Proceedings be had before it, shall take the of Court to

following Oath, which Oath shall be administered by the lowing Oath

President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to

the President by any Member having first taken the Oath;

(that is to say,)

T swear, That I will duly administer Justice

A according to the Evidence in the Matters that shall be f brought before me. So help me GOD.

And all Witnesses before any such Court shall be examined Powers of such in the same Manner as in the Case of a Trial by Court-martial; Court defined-and it shall be competent for such Court, upon finding or awarding any Debt or Damage, either to award Execution thereof generally, or to direct specially that the whole or any Part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the Plaintiff out of any Part not exceeding One Half of any Pay or Allowance, or out of any other Public Money which may respectively be coming to the Defendant in the current or any future Month or Months, or to direct the same to be so paid by Instalments; and in all Cases where the Execution shall be awarded generally the Debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by Seizure and public Sale of such of the Defendant's Goods and Property as may be found within the Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post, under a written Order of the Commanding Officer, grounded on the Judgment of the Court; and all Orders of such Commanding Officer as to the Manner of such Sale, or the Person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any Goods and Property of the Defendant found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post to which the Defendant shall belong at any subsequent Time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like Manner in satisfaction of any Remainder of such Debt or Damages; and if any Question shall arise whether any such Effects or Property are liable to be taken in Execution as aforesaid, the Decision and Order of the said Commanding Officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient Goods shall not be found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post, then any Public Money or any Part not exceeding One Half of the Pay or Allowances accruing to the Defendant shall be stopped in Liquidation of such Debt or Damages; and if such Defendant shall not receive Pay as an Officer or from any Public Department, but be a Sutler, Servant, or Follower, he may be arrested by like Order of the Commanding Officer, and imprisoned in some convenient Place within the Military Boundaries for any Period not exceeding Two Months, unless the Debt be sooner paid; and the said Commanding Officer shall not, nor shall any Person acting on his Orders in respect of the Matters aforesaid, incur any Liability to any Person or Persons [iVb. 7. jPrice 2c?.] G whorn-

74 Cap- 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT.

whomsoever for any Act done by him in pursuance of the Provisions aforesaid; and in Cases where the said Court shall direct specially that the whole or any Part of the Debt or Damages shall be stopped and paid out of Part of any Pay or Allowances- or out of any Public Money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with such^Direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such Action as aforesaid to be brought in the said Court by any Officer or Soldier against any Officer. Provisions 100. Whenever any Court-martial may be held in India by

C^martial v*r*ue Act on any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's

on Officers and Indian Forces, there shall sit on such Court-martial One or Soldiers of Her more Officer or Officers of Her Majesty's said Indian Forces, Majesty's if the Attendance of such Officer or Officers can be con-

[Proviso.]

iau orces. Yenjen^]y an(j [f the Attendance of no such Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, then the Officer convening such Court-martial shall specify the same in his Warrant or Order convening the Court-martial; and the Government of any of the Presidencies in India may suspend the Proceedings of any Court-martial held in India on any Officer oi Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces within such Presidencies respectively; and if any Officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall think himself wronged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, and shall upon due Application made to him not receive the Redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his Commander-in-Chief in order to obtain Justice, who is hereby required to examine into such Complaint, and thereupon, cither by himself or by his Adjutant General, to make his Report to the Government of the Presidency to which such Officer belongs, in order to receive the further Directions of such Government: Provided

that no Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid wTho may have joined or may join either of the Staff Corps formed in the several Presidencies of India under the Warrant of Her Majesty bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, constituting the said Corps, and no Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who shall have volunteered or may volunteer to join Her Majesty's General Military Service, shall be deemed to be an Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces for the Purposes of this Section.

As to Trial 101. Any Officer or Soldier, or other Person subject to this Sold^servim' w^° serving in the Territories of any Foreign

in India. & State in India, or in any Country in India under the Protection of Her Majesty, or at any Place in Her Majesty's Dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a Distance of upwards of One hundred and twenty Miles from the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed Treason or any other Crime which, if committed in England, would be Felony, may be tried by a

General

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9. 75

General Court-martial, to be appointed by the General or other Officer commanding-in-chief in such Place for the Time being, and, if found guilty, shall be liable to be sentenced by such Court-martial to suffer such Punishment as might legally have been awarded by any of Her Majesty's Courts of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction within Her Majesty's Dominions in India in respect of an Offence of a like Nature and Degree, and committed within the Jurisdiction of such last-mentioned Court; but no Sentence of a General Court-martial for any such Offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such General or other] Officer commanding-in-chief as aforesaid to confirm the Sentence of any such General Court-martial; and such General or other Officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the Sentence; or, in the Case of a Sentence of Penal Servitude, may commute the same to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for such Period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all Cases wherein a Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of a Commissioned Officer, or where a Sentence of Death shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of any Person subject to this Act other than a Commissioned Officer, such Sentence shall not be carried into execution until it shall have been duly approved by the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the Presidency in the Territories subordinate to which the Offender shall have been tried: Provided also, that any Person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same Offence by any other Court whatsoever.

102. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Duration of Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand this Act eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force in India, and within the Cape of Good Hope> the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and


76

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 VICT,

the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Bate 186 .

A.B.

HTAKE Notice, That you enlisted with at

o'Clock* on the Day of for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the

Regiment," any Words may be substituted lohich are applicable to the Case-\, and if you do not come to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representation at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned Officer serving the Notice.

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of in the

A County of, do solemnly and sincerely declare.

That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (b)

in the County of (c), and am Years of

Note (a), (b), (c). These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the requisite Information.

1866. Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Age; that I am of the Trade or Calling of [or of

no Trade or Calling, as the Case may be]; that I am not an Apprentice; that I am not married; that I am not a Widower; [or that I am a Widower, and that I have {or have not) Children; ] that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of

186, at o'Clock M. by of,

and that I have read [or had read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of, and a free Kit, and have no Objection

to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of

[instead of the Words "in the Regiment," any

Words may be substituted which are applicable to the Case in or for whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions the Enlistment may be made'] for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Ten Years for Infantry and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may bej\, provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Signature of Witness.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

I do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear

A true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD. Witness my Hand, __________Signature of Recruit.

__________Witness present.

The above Declaration and Oath were made before me at this Day

of One thousand eight hundred

and at o'Clock.

j

Signature of Justice__________

Gr 3 Declaeation

29 VICT.

Cap. 9. Mutiny.

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing his Service.

T do declare, That I am at present [or

A was, as the Case may be,] in Captain Company

in the Regiment [the foregoing Portion of this

Declaration may be altered to suit each particular Case]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term

of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for a further Term of Years [to be

filled up with Eleven Years in the Infantry, or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery, Engineers, and Infantry, or Twenty-four in the Cavalry,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me the Day

of__________18____.

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by

"* Trade a, and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years; and that the said did on or about the '

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my

Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my

Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

T T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. J Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath

that

Mutiny.

Cap. 9.

that he was by Trade a, and that was

bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or

about the Day of abscond and quit

the Service of the said without his Consent, and

that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That

A was bound to me to serve as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years, and that the said did on or about

the Day of abscond and quit my Service

without my Consent.

Witness, §r., [as for Apprentice.]

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer.

1 T One of Her Majesty's Justices of

to wit. J A the Peace of certify, That

of came before me at the

Day of and made Oath that was bound

to serve as an indentured Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years, and that the said indentured Labourer did on or about the Day of abscond and quit the

Service of the said without his Consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's or Purveyor's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have

not applied any Monies or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of j

Justice of the Peace of or Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et coder a, the Army serving in et coder a the Case may be].

Form Hosted

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 Vict.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeeper's

Accounts.

"I, Storekeeper at do hereby

A solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and authorized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Parts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned by the Regulations of 19th December 1832 -rrrT (See Art. 246, at Page 65, of Home Regulations); and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Storekeeper at_

Declared before me at

this Day of 18

Magistra te for

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

T, Barrack Master of the

A Barracks at, do hereby solemnly and sincerely

declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any

Article

] 866, Mutiny. Cap. 9.

Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I farther solemnly declare* that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to have been actually

and bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Barrack Master at

Declared before me at

this Day of 18

__________9

Magistrate for_

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's

Accounts.

1 do solemnly and sincerely declare, That the foregoing Pay List of the Regiment of

, for the Period ended 186, contains

Charges of Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Periods set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the,

the, and the have the true Reasons of their

Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down against their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the Muster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to, have been actually

and bon& fide disbursed by me in conformity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein

charged.

Cap. 9. Mutiny. 29 Vict.

charged* including every Receipt whatever* for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts* is

Also* that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination* of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of

186 (the Date of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 186)and the of 186 the Date of this Pay List.

Also* that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in this Pay List* in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions* dated the 1st July 1848.

Also* that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; and that they respectively reside at the Places under mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence.

Declared and subscribed before me* at this Day of 186 .

__________Paymaster.

---- Justice of the Peace for ---- .

Witnesses

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Military Accountant.

THEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare* That this Account, comprised in Folios* is just and true* according to the best of my Knowledge* Information* and Belief; and I make this Declaration* conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me* at this Day of

Military Accountant.

a -

[the Peace for.

Justice of

No.

Mutiny.

Cap. 9<

83

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

" surrendered himself/' as the Case may be-\ on the Day

of and was committed to Confinement at on the Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps].

Age -

Height - - Feet. Inches.

Complexion -

Hair -

Eyes -

Marks -

Probable. Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

* < /Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured -

Particulars in the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant

f Insert " is" or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

---- — Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of ^Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert" fit" or "unfit," as the Case may be; and, if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

§ No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

Power to Lord High Admiral, Sec. to make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &e.

Cap. 10.

Marine Mutiny.

29 VICT.

CAP. X.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[23d March 1866.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions

of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under

the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of c Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces

f may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do c Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships f or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships

or Vessels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the c Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas c no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in ' Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, c by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judg-c ment of his Peers, and according to the known and established c Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact 6 Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny

or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or c be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to c the Prejudice of good Order and Discipline, be brought to 6 a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual ' Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to make, ordain, alter, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings of Courts-martial, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the

Secretary

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 85

Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

2. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former As to Offences Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces Mutiny Acts* while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or and Articles of Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, War-

may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable limitation as to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the to, lime- v said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Provisions of Alderney, Bark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, extenff^ Jer as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, Sey, &c. whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distin-

29 Vict.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for, same Offence except by cashiering, &c.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny.

guished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve __ or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Marine from being ^proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be bitterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine, by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the^Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

6. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries,

or

1866.

87

Maiine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

or other wise* be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and with or without any Commission or Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene, Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for


Power to Lord High Admiral, &c. to grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, &c.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

Power of General Courts-martial.

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Powers of Divisional and Detachment Courts-martial.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant shall be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer of Marines or Marine to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no*Sentence of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein. No Sentence of Penal Servitude shall be for a Period of less than Five Years, and no Sentence of Imprisonment shall be for a Period longer than Two Years.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Poyal Marine Forces, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Pesident in any Country in which Her Majesty's Poyal Marine Forces are so serving, by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. When it is necessary or expedient, a Court-martial composed exclusively of Officers of the Poyal Marines, or a Court-martial composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with Officers of the Poyal Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person belonging to any One of the said Three Services; provided that when the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Poyal Marine Forces, then the Provisions of this Act, or of such Act as shall be then and there in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Poyal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Pules and Articles of War relating to the Poyal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated as if the Court were composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the Provisions of the Act then and there in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, and the Pules and Articles of War relating

H 3 to

89

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial.

90

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c., an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

President of Courts-martial.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. '29 VICT *

to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Pules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such Officers and Soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

14. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority of the Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had:

Provided

1866, Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

16. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection, unless allowed by Two Thirds at least of the other Officers appointed to form the Court, shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

17. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of

which Hosted

91

Proceedings at Trial.

Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses.

Previous Convictions may be put in Evidence.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

18. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before'which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which [shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal

Jurisdiction,

1866.

93

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

19. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

20. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall

misbehave

No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

94 Cap. 10.

Marine Mutiny.

29 VICT.

Commutation of Death for Penal Servitude or Imprisonment, &c.

Embezzlement punishable by Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, & c.

misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall, leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; every Person so offending in any of the Matters beforementioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

21. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

22. Any Officer or Marine, or any Person employed or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other

Stores

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 95

Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Deduction to the Ranks, if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made-good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

23. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence As to Execution of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon pg^ger^tude any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execu- -m the United tion for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Kingdom. Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more 1

of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Oi'der for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or

Superintendent

98 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England, and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

24. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at

tion of Sentences in the Colonies.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 10. 97

the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall, according to such Directions, undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

25. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for such Term not exceeding Two Years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

26. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation

of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

[iVh. 9. Price 2d.] I 27. When

Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment.

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment in certain Cases.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

27. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

28. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Divisional Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held, and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

29. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment.

30. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the

Officer

1866/ Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 99

Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

31. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases what- Power to com-soever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in c/en- execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in cashiering, addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental

Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

32. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any Forfeiture of other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any

Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, tence of Court-

Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might martial.

have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service,

or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might

have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future

Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former good Conduct,

and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also,

in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award,

sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for

disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

12 In

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement;

Cap. 10 Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

33. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a Jury of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged wfith Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Sea or Field Service or for good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any Sergeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

34. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine

was

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 1C.

was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall

13 be

101

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of Desertion or Absence without Leave;

or when absent without Leave.

102 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

Forfeiture of 35. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before for^l^Hual1101^ any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness

Drunkenness. deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay for such

Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force. Forfeiture of 36, Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being e^s-Ton131* drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day Duty. of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for

being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

Stoppages. 37. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court

may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified: Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession

GoO^lC

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 103

session of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to Arms, Clothing,

Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal,

Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

38. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Discharge with Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein- Ignominy, before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture,

Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

39. On

104

Marking Deserters or Marines discharged with Ignominy.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

39. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked. Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial may, upon sentencing any Offender to be discharged with Ignominy, also sentence him to be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B.C., and the confirming Officer may order such Sentence in respect of the Marking to be carried into effect.

40. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

41. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

42. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Serritude or Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as

commencing Hosted

105

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

43. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction or elsewhere, in any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Division or the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the Officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the Case of any such Prisoner, to give as often as Occasion may arise an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military or other Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other Prison or Place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer or Authorities who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or

Keeper

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

106

Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military or other Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is hereinbefore mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be s Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military or other Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place, and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

44. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of. any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public

Prison,

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 107

Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal,

Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

45. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, Subsistence of House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Con- Praoners in finement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall diet ommon aos* and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence

of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

46. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, Notice to be House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom

any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to prisonment in- know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt Common Gaols, or Contempt, or upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a* Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, specifying the Day and Hour of the Day on and at which he is to be released; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal

Military Prisons established under any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in the Army to he deemed public Prisons.

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters,

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 Vict.

Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belongs unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines, or the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may belong, shall, by Writing under his Hand, direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine, and if such Gaoler or other Person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such Marine specifying the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the Sum of One Shilling per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid shall for every such Misconduct or Offence forfeit and pa}r the Sum of One hundred Pounds. In all Cases where the Marine in Custody is under Sentence to be discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the Gaoler, such Gaoler shall not be required to make any Report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Deputy Adjutant General of Marines.

47. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

48. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly

certified Hosted

109

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allosv or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Poll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Bank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

49. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

50. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

51. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Reenlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters.

110

29 Vict.

Cap/10. Marine Mutiny.

any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such'suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which hetbelongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such TTustice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Deputy Adjutant General of Royal Marines, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the "Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with

Desertion

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. Ill

Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into hrs Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any such Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or if the Detachment be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding a Description Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Description Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always, that any Transfer of such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her deserters. Majesty's Dominons shall, subject to the Provisions hereinafter contained, be liable to be transferred by Order of the Colonel Commandant or other Officer commanding, to serve in any Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

52. For and in respect of any Marine attempting to desert Penalty on from any Head Quarters, the Party or Parties by whom he Marm.es at- shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten de^Stffom Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, Head Quarters, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and

stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

53. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, Temporary House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby Gaols.erS m required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on

K 2 Production

112 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty* which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners. Fraudulent 54. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's

Confession of Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied ese ion. Militia, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-24 & 25 Vict. fifth Years of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate c. 96. and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted

of

1866.

113

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

55. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Punishment for Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever,

directly or indirectly procure or persuade any Marine to desert, 11 or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices acting for the County,

District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit.

56. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Extension of Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior

Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance ness of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately

K 3 certify

114

Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony and certain Misdemeanors, or for Debts amounting to 301, and upwards;

but not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 30/., or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

57. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine, or who has received Marine Enlistment Money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Order, Warrant, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Marine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions,

Judgments,

1866. Marine Mutiny? Cap. 10. 115

Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remed}^ as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices duly bound under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

58. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces Officers not residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentices. prentice to him.

59. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay Officers not to as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall be tie Sheriffs, employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being ayors* &c* nominated or elected to be Sheriff, and no such Officer and

no Non-commissioned Officer of such Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a Constable, or Overseer,

Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve,

Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

60. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits for the Questions to Royal Marines shall first ask the Person offering to enlist ^eeput-^°on whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions ending, as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may

direct Hosted

Recruits -when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

Attesting of Recruits.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

direct to be put to Recruits, and shall, immediately after giving liim Enlisting Money, serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

61. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid shall upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

62. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Marines, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and previously to such Appearance, some Person employed in the Recruiting Service shall till up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and a Vagabond.

63. When a Recruit, upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Commandant of the Division for which the Marine shall have enlisted; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said Commandant, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall, in every Case, give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

64. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said

Declaration

1866.

117

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

Declaration and taken the Oath* the Justice shall attest, the same by his Signature* and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested* and the Fee for such Attestation* including the Declaration and Oath* shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall* if he so wish* be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

65. No Recruit* unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit* previously to his being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid* in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom* or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County* District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England* to adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation, purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed* shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary* be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration; and any Marine who shall have given any false Answer at the Time of or relative to his becoming a Marine shall forfeit all Pa}7* Wages, and other Monies, be the same Naval, Marino, or otherwise* which he might otherwise have been entitled to for any Period of Service in the Royal Marines.

66. Any Recruit who shall have been attested* and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits* or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned* shall be liable* at the Discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners* to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly* or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same* and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

67. If any Recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for

Attestation* Hosted

Recruits until they have been attested or received Pay not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before Two Justices or before a Court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.

Volunteer Permanent Staff Officers enlisting into Regular Forces.

Renalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

68. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the Confession thereof by such Militiaman, or on other Proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Marine in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Marine shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired.

69. If any Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff shall enlist into the Royal Marines, he may be tried and punished as a Deserter, but if he confesses his Desertion the Secretary of State for War, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a Deserter, may cause him to be returned to his Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, to be there put under Stoppages from his Pay until he has repaid the Amount of any Bounty received by him and the Expenses attending his Enlistment, and also the Value of any Arms, &c. issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him, or may cause him to be held to his Service in the Royal Marines with a Direction, if it seems fit, that his Term of Service therein shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Time when his Engagement on the Volunteer Permanent Staff would have expired, and may further cause him to be put under Stoppages of One Penny a Day of his Pay until he has repaid the Expense attending his Engagement or Attestation on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and also the Value of any Arms, Clothing, or Appointments issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

70. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall be liable to be tried for such Offence by a General Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishment, other than Death or Penal Servitude, as such Court may award.

71. It

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

71. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad* or for the Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne* or on board of which any such Marine may be* or* notwithstanding anything in this Act contained* for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion or Detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise* to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces* if such Marine be considered by such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service; and every such Commanding Officer, Justice* or Magistrate shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

O O

72. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice* shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences* if in England or in Ireland* and of Falsehood* Fraud, and wilful Imposition* if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship* whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not* be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

73. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall* within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service* go before some Justice* and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed* and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath* which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound* if in England* for the full Term of Five Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound*) and* if in Ireland or in the British Isles* for the full Term of Five Years at the least* (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound*) and* if in Scotland* for the full Term at least of Four Years* by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship* duly extended* signed, and tested* and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless

119

As to Ee-en-listment abroad.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

120 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT,

Ko Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

such Contract cr Indenture In Scotland shall* within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment* have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside* and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced* which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall* when claimed by such Master* be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed* notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also* that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive* to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

74. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division* Detachment* Recruiting Party* or Ship of Her Majesty* except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be* and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture* and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party* and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice* if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer* shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division* or Place for which such Justice is acting* and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required* and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender* who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County* Division* or Place* unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture* with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved* shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Maimer as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

75. No

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 121

75. No Person who shall for Six Months, and either before Removal of or after the passing of this Act* have received Pay and be borne 'Doubts as to on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of Her Majesty's Matines!°n0f Royal Marine Forces* of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) shall be Evidence* or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation* or on any other Ground whatsoever* but* on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

76. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral* and Power to also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral* to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any be withheld. Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave* or improperly absent from his Duty* or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

77. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the Billeting of c marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Mannes-

Forces when on shore Be it enacted* That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral* or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines* it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines* whether marching or otherwise* and all Staff and Field Officers Horses* and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces* when on actual Service* not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations* in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act* taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted* and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses* and with a separate Bed for each Marine* or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted* then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood* and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer* and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay* and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid* paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route* Care being always taken

122

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 Vict.

that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Mrrines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and t.o be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables, and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all

Abuses

123

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

78. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days, when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence -per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Noncommissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such

L 2 Quarters

Allowance to Innkeepers.

124

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT,

Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Non-commissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the .Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

Supply of 79. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Eoyal

Carnages. Marine Forces and their Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Eoyal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emer-genc}7 ', exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of

T their

125

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

80. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days, beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the \Yarrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Pay-

L 3 ment

Rates for Carriages.

m

As to Supply of Carriages, &c. in Cases c Emergency.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT,

ment shall be made before the Carriage bel oaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

81. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars

kept

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10, 127

kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices,

Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women,

Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

82. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assem- Justices of bled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, Peace to diject without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or SumTexpended Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of for Carriages, Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for &c *

that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, "over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

83. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Lord Lieute-Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by ^de^te"^ Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some' proper Person to Persons to^ign sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any Routes.

of

128 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

Exemption 84. All Officers and Marines on "Duty or on their March, from Tolls. being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine on Duty or on their March, who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat. Marching 85. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service

Money on Pis- shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case arge* the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable

him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall

purchase

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 129

purchase his own Discharge* or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour* or at his own Desire* before the Expiration of his Period of Service* shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Penalties upon Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in Civil Subjects any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any against the such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning Laws relating of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier to Billets and thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or arriaSes* Marine on Duty when thereunto required* in such Manner as is by this Act directed* provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive* demand* or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever* in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives* Children* Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages* Horses* or Vessels* or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages* Horses* or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable* or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same* or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses* or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine* or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered* or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines* or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables* together with good and sufficient Oats* Hay* and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland* for each Horse* in such Quantities and at such Rates as hereinbefore provided* or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace* or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable* Victualler* and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect* or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof* he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If

Penalty upon Officers of Maxines so offending.

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters without Warrant.

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &e. from any Marine.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

87. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

88. Every Marine Officer or Marine who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouse of any Person whomsoever in pursuit of any Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

89. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice

any

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. \$i

any Marine or Marine Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any Place or with any Person such Articles of Regimental Necessaries, with or without the Consent of such Marine, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or ou his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby requred to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer

charged Hosted

132 Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

Penalty on

unlawful

recruiting.

Penalty on killing Game without Leave.

Limitations of Actions.

Recovery of Penalties.

charged with the Execution of such Warrant* who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

90. Every Person (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised* posted* or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office* or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service* or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith* without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral* shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

91. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered* every Officer who shall* without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take* kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

92. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore* in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin* or in the Court of Session in Scotland* and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein* or in any such Action now pending* to plead thereto the General Issue* and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland* the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint* the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs* for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

93. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds* over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value* is by this Act imposed* shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed *

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10. 133

mitted, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facili- 11 & 12 Vict. tate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out c* 43, of Sessions zoithin England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the 14 & 15 Vict. Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties c* 93j of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other Pai't of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

94. One Moiety of every such Penalty or forfeiture, not Appropriation including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the of Penalties. Person wTho shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner a3 the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed M in

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.

Licences of Canteens.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settle -ment.

Administration of Oaths.

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 VICT.

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to -provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

95. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

96. Any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore, may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

97. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person

having

1866. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

98. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating, to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only,

M 2 being

135

Perjury.

Definition of Terms.

Marines not to *be billeted in private Houses, & c.

Cap. 10, Marine Mutiny. ' 29 VICT.

being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

99. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive; and in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

V OU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

"V OU shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules A and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 10.

to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any account

A whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 186 .

A.B.

rT'AKE Notice, That you enlisted with at

"* o'Clock* on the

Day of - for the Royal Marines, and if you do not

come forward to \here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of

for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representations at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned Officer serving the Notice.

At A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of

in the county of , do solemnly and sincerely

declare. That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (b) in the County of (c), and

Note (a), (b\ (e). — These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the requisite Information.

138

Cap. 10. Marine Mutiny. 29 Vict.

am Years of Age; that I am of the Trade or

Calling of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case

may he]; that I am not an Apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a Widower; that I am a Widower, and that I have (or have not) Children) [or not married, as the Case may he\; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or Royal Naval Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military, Marine, or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I

have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the

Day of 186, at o'Clock

M. by of, and that I have read [or

had read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit [as the Case may he\9 and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to he filled up with Twelve Years, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; hut if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to he added to such Twelve Years-\, provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Signature of Witness.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

T DO make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true A Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________Signature of the Recruit.

__________ Witness present

Declared and sworn before me at

this Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

__________ Signature of the Justice.

Declaration

1866.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 10.

139

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

T do declare, That I am at present [or was, as

the Case may be,] in the Division of the Royal

Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day of

for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Marine.

__________ Signature of Witness.

Declared before me, this Day!

of 186 . J

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by

A Trade a, and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years; and that the said did on

or about the Day of last abscond and

quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about

Years. Witness my Hand at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this"!

Day of One thou- >

sand eight hundred and . J

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. J Peace of certify, That of

came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

, for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

140

Marine Mutiny«

>29 VICT.

Cap. 10.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

surrendered himself, as the Case may be-\ on the Day

of and was committed to Confinement at on the Day of as Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age - -{

Height - *{ Peet. Inches.

Complexion - - *{

Hair - - *{

Eyes -{

Marks - {

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom or through whose Means the Deserter was f j apprehended and secured -

Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered V or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his ovra Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant.

t Insert " is" or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

---- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

Insert " fit " or " unfit/1 as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

1866,

National Debt Reduction

Cap. 11.

141

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Cancellation of certain Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[23d March 1866.]

sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to Two

separate Accounts, and arising from different Sources, that is to say, first, to an Account, intituled The Account of un-c " claimed Dividends," arising from Investments made by the said Commissioners of Dividends not claimed upon Capital

Stock transferred to the Commissioners in pursuance of divers c Acts of Parliament, and secondly, to an Account intituled 6 44 The Account of Donations and Bequests towards reducing cc the National Debt," and arising from the Investment of certain Sums that have at various Times been given by way

of Donation or Bequest toward reducing the National Debt: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to c the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to cancel the said Capital Stocks to the Extent and in manner herein-after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The National Debt Reduction Act, 1860."

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may at any Time hereafter, by Warrant addressed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, direct them to cancel any Amount the said Commissioners may think fit, not exceeding in the whole Three million Pounds of the Capital Stock of Annuities standing in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Account intituled The Account of unclaimed Dividends, pursuant to Acts Fifty-sixth George the Third, Chapter Sixty, and Eighth and Ninth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-two," and upon such Cancellation being effected all Dividends payable on the cancelled Stock shall cease from and after the last Day on which they were due previous to such Cancellation.

3. If at any Time after the Cancellation of such last-mentioned Stock it shall be certified to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England that the Amount of Cash standing to the said Account is insufficient to meet the legal Claims thereon, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall issue out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund to the said Governor and Company such Amounts as may from Time to Time be required for Payment of such legal Claims.

4. The

[Short Title.]

Cancellation of Stock standing to the Unclaimed Dividend Account.

56 G. 3. c. 60. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 62.

Indemnity to Parties claiming cancelled Stock.

Cancellation of Stock standing to the Donation and Bequest Account.

Cancellation by Warrants.

Provision for cancelling foture Annuities.

Acts passed by Legislature of Jamaica.

So much of such Acts as in Schedule to this Act to take effect.

" Government to include " Legislature.5' Powers how exerciseable.

Cap. 11, 12. Rational Debt Reduction. 29 VICT.

4. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may at any Time hereafter, by Warrant addressed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, direct them to cancel the whole of the Capital Stock of Annuities standing at the Date of such Warrant in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Account, intituled " The Account of Donations and Bequests towards the Reduction of the National Debt," and upon such Cancellation being effected all Dividends payable on the cancelled Stock shall cease from and after the last Day on which they were due previous to such Cancellation.

5. The Warrants to be issued to the said Governor and Company for the Cancellation of any Capital Stock under this Act shall be a sufficient Authority for such Cancellation.

6. In all future Cases of Purchases of Capital Stocks of Annuities by the Application of Donations and Bequests Monies, unless it be otherwise expressly provided in every such Donation or Bequest respectively, such Annuities shall be at once cancelled by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on a Direction from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, signified in Writing under the Hand of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller for the Time being of the National Debt Office.

CAP. XII.

An Act to make Provision for the Government of Jamaica.

[23d March 1866.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were passed by the Legislature of c " Jamaica during a Session held in this present Year of

Her Majesty, intituled, respectively, An Act to alter and amend the Political Constitution of this Island, An Act to amend 6 an Act 'passed in the present Session, intituled "An Act to alter c " and amend the Political Constitution of this Island," and it f is expedient that the said Acts should be brought into opera-c tion, under Authority of Parliament, in the Manner and to ' the Extent herein-after set forth:

And whereas Parts of the said Acts are set out in the Schedule hereunto annexed

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of said recited Acts as is contained in the said Schedule shall come into operation in the Island of Jamaica so soon as the Assent thereto of Her Majesty in Council shall have been proclaimed in the said Island by the Officer administering the Government thereof.

2. In construing the said secondly-recited Act the Term " Government " shall be held to include " Legislatureand the Powers exerciseable by Her Majesty under the said Act shall be exerciseable by Her Majesty in Council.

1866.]amaica Government. Cap. 12, 13. 143

SCHEDULE.

An Act to alter and amend the Political Constitution of this Island.

Whereas it is necessary to alter the present Political Constitution of this Island: Be it enacted by the Governor, Legislative Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same.

First, that from and after the coming into operation of this Act the present Legislative Council and House of Assembly, and all and every the Functions and Privileges of those Two Bodies respectively, shall cease and determine absolutely.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session, entitled " An Act to alter and amend the Political Constitution of this Island."

Whereas an Act was passed by the Legislature of this Island during this present Session, entitled " An Act to alter and " amend the Political Constitution of this IslandAnd whereas it is desirable that the same should be amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Legislative Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same,

In place of the Legislature abolished by the First Section of the recited Act it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen to create and constitute a Government for this Island in such Form and with such Powers as to Her Majesty may best seem fitting, and from Time to Time to alter or amend such Government.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to apply the Sum of Nineteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

[23d March 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards There shall be making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the service cfthe6 Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty- Year 1866 six, the Sum of Nineteen Millions out of the Consolidated the Sum of

Fund 19>000>0<M-

out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 19,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 Gr. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 19,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Cap. 13. Consolidated Fund (^?19,000,000). 29 VICT.

Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum. or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nineteen Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Buies and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Act shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Bate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nineteen Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty

145

Consolidated Fund (<£*19*000*000). Cap. 13. 14.

Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Englands under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act* to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon* shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized* from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster* in such Manner as they shall think necessary* to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant* for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding* and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Abolition of the Offices of Treasurer and of High Bailiff of County Courts as Vacancies shall occur, and to provide for the Payment of future Registrars of County Courts.

[23d April 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the

f Reign of Her present Majesty* Chapter Ninety-five* the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury were empowered ' to appoint as many Persons as they should think fit to be ' Treasurers of the Courts holden under that Act: And whereas c Twenty-three Persons were appointed to be such Treasurers* c and as* from Time to Time* "Vacancies have occurred, other f Persons have been appointed: And whereas by the said Act the Judge of every Court holden under the said Act was empowered to appoint One or more High Bailiffs for such f Court: And whereas it is expedient that whenever any of the Holders of either of the Offices of Treasurer or High N f Bailiff

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.

146

Vacancies in the Office of Treasurers of County Courts not to be filled up.

Treasury to provide for Examination of Accounts of Registrar and other Officers of the Courts.

Treasurers may retire upon Superannuation in certain Cases.

When Person appointed to examine Accounts to be deemed a Civil Servant.

Treasury to make Rules for keeping and rendering Accounts by Registrars and other Officers of the Courts, &c.

Cap. 14. County Courts. 29 VICT.

Bailiff as aforesaid shall die, resign, or be removed, the c Vacancy caused thereby should not be filled up, and that f Provision should be made for the Performance of the Duties now attached to those Offices: And whereas it is further expedient to reduce the Salaries of future appointed Registrars ' of County Courts Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whenever any Person who has been appointed a Treasurer of County Courts under the Provisions of Section Twenty-three of the said Act shall die, resign, or be removed, the Vacancy caused by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Person shall not be filled up.

2. The Accounts of the Registrar and other Officers of the Courts, of which the Person who shall have died, resigned, or been removed was the Treasurer, shall be examined by such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, under the Supervision of such Person as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit, provided that the Salaries and Expenses of the Persons by whom such Accounts are to be examined shall not exceed the Sum allowed to the then late Treasurer for the Services of a Clerk, and for the travelling Expenses of himself and Clerk.

3. Where it shall appear to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury that greater Efficiency and Economy will be effected by permitting the Retirement of a Treasurer of County Courts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant to any such Treas urer, out of Moneys to be provided for the Purpose by Parliament, such Superannuation Allowance as the said Commissioners may determine, not exceeding such Amount as might be granted under "The Superannuation Act, 1859," to a Civil Servant retiring upon Medical Certificate.

4. If the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit to ' employ in the Examination of the Accounts of the Courts any Person whom they may think it desirable so to employ, on account of Knowledge acquired by him as Clerk to any Treasurer of County Courts, such Clerk shall, if after One Year the said Commissioners shall continue to employ him, be deemed a Servant in the permanent Civil Service of the State, and be entitled to Superannuation.

* 5. The Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time make such Rules as to them shall seem meet for the keeping and rendering of Accounts by the Registrars and other Officers of the Courts of which the Treasurer has died, resigned, or been removed, and for securing the Payment of the Sums of Money in the Hands of such Registrars or other Officers, as the said Commissioners may from Time to Time in each Case direct, into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Paymaster General, to be carried by him to an Account

to

1866. County Courts. Cap. 14.

to be called "The County Courts Fund/' out of which Fund the said Commissioners shall direct all necessary Payments for the Purposes of such Courts to be made.

6. The Person under whose Supervision the Accounts of the Courts are to be examined as aforesaid shall once in every Year, and oftener if required, on such Day as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time shall appoint, render to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain a true Account in Writing of all Moneys paid into the aforesaid " County Courts Fund " at the Paymaster General's, and of Moneys paid thereout during the Period comprised in such Account, in such Form and with such Particulars as the said Commissioners of Audit shall from Time to Time require.

7. The Accounts to be kept by the aforesaid Person on account of any Courts shall be examined and audited by the Commissioners of Audit in the same Manner as the Accounts of the Treasurers of County Courts are now audited.

8. All Lands, Messuages, and other Ileal and Personal Estates and Effects belonging to any County Court which shall be vested in any Treasurer of County Courts who shall die, resign, or be removed, shall vest in such aforesaid Person; and all Lands, Messuages, and other Real and Personal Estates and Effects which thereafter may be purchased or belong to any of such Courts shall vest in the said Person; and upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of each such Person all Property whatsoever. Real or Personal, which was vested in the said Person shall vest by force of this Act in the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to succeed him in the said Duty of supervising the Examination of the Accounts.

9. Any of the Duties of a Treasurer of County Courts in respect to the Purchase of Lands, and of providing Court Houses and Offices, may, by Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, be performed by the said aforesaid Person in respect of those Courts to which there shall be no Treasurer.

10. The Registrar of every Court the Accounts of which are examined under the Provisions of this Act shall once in every Year, and oftener if required, on such Day as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, make out and send to the said Commissioners of Audit an Account of all Sums paid over by him to the Paymaster General.

11. Section Twenty-eight of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, shall, so far as relates to the conjoining of the Offices of Registrar and High Bailiff, be repealed; and upon the happening of any Vacancy in the Office of High Bailiff of any County Court, if the Registrar of the Court in which the Vacancy shall occur

N 2 shall

147

Accounts to be rendered to Audit Board.

Accounts to be audited.

Property of Courts to vest in a Person to be appointed by the Treasury.

Court Houses, &c. may be provided.

Account to be sent by Registrar to Commissioners of Audit.

On a Vacancy in the Office of High Bailiff, the Registrar of the Court shall perform the Duties of High Bailiff, if he shall have been appointed

a Registrar subsequent to the passing of this Act.

Additional Remuneration to Registrar for performing the Duties of High Bailiff.

No Person to be High Bailiff of more than One Court. Salaries of future appointed Registrars.

Cap. 14. County Courts. 29 Vict.

shall have been appointed such Registrar after the passing of this Act, or, having been appointed before the passing of this Act, shall be willing to perforin the Duties of the Office of High Bailiff of such Court, no Successor to such High Bailiff shall, unless the Lord Chancellor, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall otherwise determine, be appointed, but in either of such Cases the Registrar shall perform the Duties of the High Bailiff of such Court, and shall have all the Powers and Authorities now vested in a High Bailiff of a County Court, and shall be responsible for the Acts and Defaults of himself and his Officers, in like Manner as the High Bailiff of a County Court is now by Law responsible for the Acts and Defaults of himself and his Officers: Provided, that if a Registrar of a Court, appointed Registrar before the passing of this Act, shall be unwilling to perform the Duties of the Office of High Bailiff, the Person appointed to succeed to the then vacant Office of High Bailiff shall, unless the Lord Chancellor with the Consent aforesaid otherwise direct, cease to hold such Office upon the said Registrar ceasing to hold his Office of Registrar.

12. Every Registrar so invested with the Powers and Authorities of High Bailiff shall receive, in addition to his net Salary as Registrar, a Sum equal to One JJifth Part of such Salary, together with such Sum or Allowances for Service and Execution of Process as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may determine; and such additional Salary and Allowances shall be paid out of the Produce of the Fees payable under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight.

13. Henceforth no Person shall be appointed High Bailiff of more than One Court.

14. Section Eighty-two of the said last-recited Act shall, as to Registrars of County Courts hereafter appointed, be repealed; and every Person hereafter to be appointed Registrar of a County Court shall be paid by Salary, and the Principle upon which the said Salary shall be regulated shall be, that if the Plaints entered in the Court of which he is Registrar do not exceed in the Year from the First Day of January to the Thirty-first Day of December inclusive the Number of Two hundred, the Salary shall be One hundred Pounds for that Year; and if the Plaints so entered shall exceed Two hundred, then such Salary shall be increased by Sums of Four Pounds for every Twenty-five additional Points up to Six thousand inclusive; and such Salaries shall be inclusive of all Salaries to the Clerks employed by the Registrar in the Business of their respective Courts, and of all Emoluments whatsoever, except those that may be receivable in Equitable Proceedings or in Bankruptcy; and in the Courts in which the Plaints shall exceed Six thousand the Amount of

149

1866. County Courts. Cap. 14, 15.

of Salary shall be fixed by the said Commissioners with the Consent of the Lord Chancellor, but in no Case shall the net Salary to be allowed exceed Seven- hundred a Year; and such Salaries shall be paid out of the same Fund as the Salaries of existing Registrars are paid.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

[23d April 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and c Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter One hundred and seven, (which Act has been from Time to Time continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and the End of the e then next Session of Parliament,) it is amongst other things enacted that it shall be lawful for the Lords and others of

Her Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two or more of them, from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations

as to them may seem necessary for the Purpose of prohibiting c or regulating the Removal to or from such Parts or Places f as they may designate in such Order or Orders of Sheep,

Cattle, Horses, Swine, or other Animals, or of Meat, Skins,

6 Hides, Horns, Hoofs, or other Parts of any Animals, or of 6 Hay, Straw, Fodder, or other Articles likely to propagate

Infection, and also for the Purpose of purifying any Yard, c Stable, Outhouse, or other Place, or any Waggons, Carts,

Carriages, or other Vehicles, and also for the Purpose of c directing how any Animals dying in a diseased State, or any c Animals, Parts of Animals, or other Things seized under the f Provisions of that Act, are to be disposed of, and also for the e Purpose of causing Notices to be given of the Appearance of c any Disorder among Sheep, Cattle, or other Animals, and to make any other Orders or Regulations for the Purpose of ff giving Effect to the Provisions of that Act, and again to revoke, alter, or vary any such Orders or Regulations:

And whereas it is expedient to amend and explain the said ' Act:/

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, is herein-after referred to as the Principal Act, and this Act shall be construed as One with the Principal Act.

N 3 2. This

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107.

Construction of Act

Application of Act

Definition of " Privy Council."

Orders made under

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. deemed authorized by the same.

Penalties and Forfeitures in England recoverable as under 11 & 12 Vict. C. 43.

Penalties and Forfeitures in Scotland recoverable by 27 & 28 Vict. c» 53.

Publication of Orders by the Privy Council valid.

Cap. 15.

Cattle, &c. Contagious Diseases.

29 VrcT.

2. This Act, and the Principal Act in so far as it is amended by this Act, shall not extend to Ireland.

3. " Privy Council" shall mean the said Lords and others of Her Majesty's Privy Council, or any Two of them.

4. The Orders made under the Principal Act by the said Privy Council, and dated respectively the Twenty-fourth Day of March and the Eleventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, shall be deemed to have been authorized by the said Principal Act, and to be of the same Force as if contained in the said Act, subject to the Power of the said Privy Council to alter, vary, or revoke the same.

And the said Privy Council may, under the Authority of the said Principal Act, make the like or any other Orders which they may deem it expedient to make for the Purpose of preventing the spreading within Great Britain of contagious or infectious Disorders amongst Animals, and may in any such Order direct the slaughtering of any Animals affected by such Disorders. And the said Privy Council may require any Local Authority, by themselves or their Officers, or by any Committee appointed by such Local Authority, to carry into effect within their District any such Orders, and may authorize any Local Authority or Committee of such Local Authority to make any Regulations for the Purpose of preventing the spreading of such Disorders, subject to such Conditions as may be imposed by the said Privy Council.

5. Penalties and Forfeitures under the Principal Act and this Act, or either of such Acts, or any Order made thereunder, and Expenses directed to be recovered in a summary Manner, shall be recovered in England in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same.

An Appeal may be had from a Decision of a Justice or Justices under this Act to the Court of General or General Quarter Sessions in manner provided by the Principal Act.

One Half of all Penalties and Forfeitures recovered shall be paid to the Person who sues or proceeds for the same, and the other Half shall be applied in manner directed by the last-mentioned Act.

6. Penalties and Forfeitures under the Principal Act and this Act, or either of such Acts, or any Order made thereunder, shall, in Scotland, be recovered in manner directed by the Summary Procedure Act, 1864; and the Term Justice or Justices " shall include any Magistrate having Jurisdiction

in Scotland under the said Act.

7. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Principal Act, any Order or Regulation made by the Privy Council in pursuance of the Principal Act and this Act, or either of such

Acts,

151

1866. Cattle, &c. Contagious Diseases. Cap. 15.

Acts, shall be valid if published once in the London Gazette, unless it relates to any particular County, Town, or other Place, in which Case it shall not be valid unless it be also published in some Newspaper circulating in such County, Town, or other Place, or in such other Manner as the Privy Council in ay direct.

Any Order or Regulation made by a Local Authority shall be- published in such Manner as the Privy Council may direct.

The Expense of the local Publication of any Order or Regulation of the Privy Council shall be defrayed by the Local Authority of the Place where any such Order or Regulation is published, and the Expense of publishing any Order or Regulation of a Local Authority shall be defrayed by such Local Authority.

8. Any Order or Regulation of the Privy Council made before or after the passing of this Act in pursuance of the Principal Act and this Act, or either of such Acts, may be proved by the Production of a Copy of the Gazette containing such Order, or by the Production of a Copy of such Order purporting to be printed by the Printers of Her Majesty. Any Order or Regulation made or issued before or after the passing of this Act by any Local Authority in pursuance of the Principal Act and of this Act, or either of such Acts, or in pursuance of any Order of the Privy Council made under such Acts or either of them, may be proved in any of the Modes herein-after mentioned:

First, by the Production of a Copy of a Newspaper containing a Copy of such Order or Regulation; or,

Secondly, by the Production of a printed Copy of such Order or Regulation, purporting to be certified to be a true Copy by the Clerk of the Peace where the Authority are Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the Clerk of Supply in the Case of Counties in Scotland, or by the Town Clerk or other Officer performing the Duties of a Town Clerk in the Case of an Authority having a Town Clerk or other Officer as aforesaid, or by such other Officer as the said Privy Council may prescribe:

And any Order or Regulation mentioned in this Section shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been duly made and issued at the Time at which it bears Date; and in the Case of an Order declaring a Place to be an " infected Place " by reason of the Existence therein of any infectious or contagious Disorder amongst Animals, the Order itself shall be conclusive Evidence of the Existence of such Disorder.

9. No Stamp Duty shall be payable on, and no Fee or other Charge shall be demanded or made for, any Appointment, Certificate, Declaration, or Licence under the Principal Act or this Act, or either of such Acts, or any Order or Regulation made thereunder.

10. Sections

Evidence of Orders.

Stamp Duty and Eees not to be paid on Certificates.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. sS. 8 to 16 and 19 to 22 repealed.

Power for Person having Cattle in his Possession to prevent Trespass on his Land

Power to Owners of Works of Art to lend them to public Exhibitions.

Due Precautions to be taken for Preservation of such Works.

Definition of Owner for the Time being."

Cap. 15, 16. Cattle, &c. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

10. Sections Eight to Sixteen, and Sections Nineteen to Twenty-two, inclusive, of the Principal Act shall be repealed.

11. Where any Person having any Cattle in his Possession or Keeping within the District of any Local Authority wherein the Cattle Plague exists affixes at the Entrance to any Building or enclosed Place in or on which such Cattle are kept a Notice forbidding Persons to enter into or on that Building or Place without his Permission, if any Person not having a Eight of Entry or Way into, on, or over that Building or Place enters into, on, or over the same, or any Part thereof, in contravention of the Notice, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for facilitating the public Exhibition of Works of Art in certain Exhibitions.

[30th April 1866.]

WHEREAS ^he Owners of Works of Art have shown great Willingness to lend them for public Exhibition:

And whereas it has been proposed to hold Exhibitions c of National Portraits by Means of Loans, and to contribute Works of Art now in this Country to the Universal Exhi-f bition at Paris in One thousand eight hundred and sixtyseven:

And whereas it is expedient to facilitate the Loan of such c Works of Art to the above-mentioned Exhibitions */

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Owner for the Time being of any Work of Art may, without incurring any Responsibility for any consequent Loss or Injury, lend such Work to the Lord President for the Time being of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months, to be exhibited to the Public by him or by his Direction at the above-mentioned Exhibitions.

2. It shall be the Duty of the Lord President to take due Precautions for the Preservation of all "Works of Art lent to him in pursuance of this Act, but he shall not be personally liable for any Loss or Injury any Article may sustain.

3. The Expression " Owner for the Time being" shall include Trustees of Museums and other Bodies of Persons, whether corporate or unincorporate, having in their Possession or under their Control Works of Art, on trust for any public Purpose, or for any Artistic or Scientific Society, or possessed thereof on behalf of themselves and their Successors, it shall also include any Tenant for Life or other Person beneficially entitled (otherwise than as Mortgagee) to the Possession or

Enjoyment

Art.

153

1866. Art. Cap. 16, 17.

Enjoyment of Works of Art for Life or any other limited Period, and being of full Age.

4. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Art Act, 1866."

CAP. XVII.

An Act to regulate the Inspection of Cattle Sheds, Cowhouses, and Byres within Burghs and populous Places in Scotland.

[30th April 1866.]

\^HI^I^S h is expedient to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Inspection of Cattle Sheds

and Cowhouses and Byres within Burghs and populous 6 Places in Scotland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866."

2. The Words " Cattle Sheds," " Cowhouses," and " Byres" shall mean and include every House, Building, Shed, Yard, or other enclosed Place or Premises in which Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Oxen, or Calves are kept or intended to be kept.

Except as otherwise provided in this Act, the Interpretation Section (No. 3) and the Jurisdiction of Magistrates Section (No. 408) of cc The Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," are hereby incorporated with and shall be taken so as to extend to this Act.

3. The Magistrates of Royal Burghs and also of Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland shall have Power to require, and shall require, all Cattle Sheds and Cowhouses and Byres within their Burghs to be inspected by an Officer appointed by them, and, if found to be suitable for such Purpose, to be licensed by them for the Period of One Year; and the Magistrates shall likewise have Power, from Time to Time, to make Rules and Regulations for the proper sanitary Condition of the same, and to fix and determine in each Licence the Number of Cattle which may be kept in each such Cattle Shed or Cowhouse or Byre; and if any Person shall keep any Cattle within any Burgh without such Inspection and Licence, or shall violate any of the Conditions of such Licence, or of any of the Rules and Regulations made by the Magistrates, he shall, on Conviction before any Two of them, be subjected to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each such Offence, and a like Penalty for every Day after the Conviction for such Offence upon which such Offence is continued.

4. In the Case of Burghs (other than Royal and Parliamentary Burghs) and populous Places in Scotland which have adopted the whole or Portions of "The Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," or previously to the passing of the said Act of 1862 had adopted the whole or any Parts of The

Police

[Short Title.]

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Inspection and licensing of Cattle Sheds in Burghs, Scotland.

Inspection of Cattle Sheds in populous Places in Scotland.

Licence for Cattle Sheds and Cowhouses may be suspended in addition to Penalty imposed.

Licences to he renewed every Year.

Licences after 15th May 1867.

Cap. 17. Cattle Sheds in Burghs (ScotlandT). 29 VICT.

Police of Towns (Scotland) Act, 1850," the Commissioners under the said Acts shall have Power to require, and shall require, all Cattle Sheds and Cowhouses and Byres within such Burghs or populous Places to be inspected by an Officer appointed by them, and, if found to be suitable for such Purpose, to be licensed by them for the Period of One Year; and the Commissioners shall likewise have Power, from Time to Time, to make Buies and Regulations for the proper sanitary Condition of the same, and to fix and determine in each Licence the Number of Cattle which may be kept in each such Cattle Shed or Cowhouse or Byre; and if any Person shall keep any Cattle within any Burgh or populous Place without such Inspection and Licence, or shall violate any of the Conditions of such Licence, or any of the Rules and Regulations made by the Commissioners, he shall, on Conviction before the Magistrates, be subjected to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each such Offence, and a like Penalty for every Day after the Conviction for such Offence upon which such Offence is continued.

5. The Magistrates before whom any Person is convicted of Non-observance of any of the Regulations made by virtue of this Act may, as often as they shall see Cause, give Notice in Writing requiring the Owner or Occupier of such Cattle Shed, Cowhouse, or Byre to make such sanitary Improvements in the same as they shall direct, within a Period of One Month from the Date of such written Notice; and in any Case of Non-compliance with or Disobedience to such Notice, may, in addition to the Penalty imposed on such Person under the Authority of this Act, suspend, for any Period not exceeding One Month, the Licence granted to such Person under this Act; and such Magistrates may, upon the Conviction of any Person for a Second or other subsequent like Offence, in addition to the Penalty imposed under the Authority of this Act, deelare the Licence granted under this Act revoked; and whenever the Licence of any such Person is revoked as aforesaid, the Magistrates or the Commissioners may refuse to grant any Licence whatsoever to the Person whose Licence has been so revoked.

6. Every Licence granted under this Act shall continue in force for the Period of One Year from the granting thereof, except it shall be suspended or revoked under this Act; and no Fee or Reward shall be taken for any such Licence; and such Licence shall be required to be renewed once in every Year; and if any Person shall use any Cattle Shed, Cowhouse, or Byre in any Burgh or populous Place without a Licence, he shall be liable for each Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, of which Offence the Fact that Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Oxen, or Calves have been taken into such Place shall be deemed sufficient prima facie Evidence.

7. From and after the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, before any Licence for the Use

of

155

Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scotlandf). Cap. 17, 18.

of any Cattle Shed, Cowhouse, or Byre can be granted. Fourteen Days Notice of the Intention to apply for such Licence shall be given in Writing to the Magistrates or Commissioners.

8. This Act shall apply only to Scotland.

9. This Act (Clause Seven excepted) shall come into force on the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to make Provision for the Transfer of the Assets, Liabilities, and Management of the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Military Funds, the Bengal Military Orphan Society, and other Funds, to the Secretary of State for India in Council.

[30th April 1866.]

WHEREAS certain Institutions known as the Bengal

6 Military Fund, the Bengal Military Orphan Society,

the Madras Military Fund, and the Bombay Military Fund,

were established in India at different Times, under the Authority of the Honourable East India Company, for the

Grant of certain Benefits to the Commissioned Officers of the ' said Company's Army who were Subscribers to those c Institutions, and for the Grant of Pensions and other

Allowances to the Widows and Orphans of such Officers, and ' those Institutions were supported by Donations and Subscrip-f tions from the Officers of the said Company's Army and by c certain Aids from the said Company:

And whereas, by the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Victoria, Chapter One hundred and six, for the better

Government of India, it was amongst other things provided that the Military and Naval Forces of the East India

6 Company should be deemed to be the Indian Military and Naval Forces of Her Majesty, and should be entitled to the like Pay, Pensions, Allowances, and Privileges, and the like ' Advantages as regards Promotion and otherwise, as if they had continued in the Service of the said Company:

And whereas, in consequence of the Changes subsequently 6 made in the Constitution of the Indian Army, Notice was e given to the Government of India by the Secretary of State for India in Council that the said Secretary of State for India c in Council was ready to assume the Liabilities of the said c Institutions, so far as might be requisite to maintain existing 6 Pensions, and to secure to the Subscribers and their Families e the Benefits to which they were entitled therefrom, and also that, in the event of such Assumption, present Incumbents s on and Subscribers to the several Funds should be guaranteed ' the Pensions and Allowances for themselves and their f Families to which they were entitled from those Funds,

according

Extent of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

The Secretary of State may take and assume the Assets, &c. of certain Pension Funds in India.

Rights of Incumbents and Subscribers maintained.

Power to take and assume the Assets, &c. of certain

Cap. 18. East India Military* 8fc. Funds Transfer. 29 VICT.

according to the Regulations then in force, and at the Rates c of Subscription then existing:

And whereas* under Instructions from the Secretary of c State for India in Council* the Government of India caused ' the Question whether* under the Guarantee so given* the Assets and Liabilities of the said Institutions should be made over by the Directors and Managers thereof to the Secretary of State for India in Council, to be submitted for the Votes f of the Subscribers to those Institutions, and the Proposition ' so to make over the Assets and Liabilities of the said Institutions was, in regard to each of the said Institutions* f carried in the Affirmative by a large Majority of Votes:

And whereas* in order to avoid any Doubt that may hereafter arise in regard to the Legality of such Transfer* it is necessary to make Provision by Law for enabling the c Directors and Managers of the said Institutions to transfer ' the Assets* Liabilities* and Management thereof to the f Secretary of State for India in Council* and for enabling the ' said Secretary of State for India in Council to accept the same: '

Re it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the said Institutions to make over the Assets, Liabilities* and Management thereof to the Secretary of State for India in Council* and for the Secretary of StateTor India in Council to take and assume the Assets* Liabilities, and Management thereof.

2. -As soon as the said Assets* Liabilities* and Management shall be made over as aforesaid* and the Acceptance thereof by the Secretary of State for India in Council notified by the Government of India* every Person who shall be an Incumbent on or Subscriber to any of the said Institutions at the Date of such Notification shall be entitled from Time to Time to receive from the Revenues of India such Allowance to himself* and his Family shall be entitled to receive such Pension or Allowance after his Decease* as he or they may be entitled to by the Regulations of the said Institutions: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to preclude the Secretary of State for India in Council from assigning to the Incumbents on and Subscribers to any of the said Institutions* or to their Families after their Decease* any Benefits in addition to those secured to them by this Act* if* on considering the Assets and Liabilities of the several Institutions* he shall deem it reasonable so to do.

3. And whereas it may be expedient that the Secretary of State for India in Council should have Authority in like Manner to accept the Transfer of the Assets, Liabilities *

and

1866. East India Military, &c. Funds Transfer. Cap. 18, 19. 157

and Management of other Institutions, known as the Bengal other Pension f Medical Retiring Fund, the Madras Medical Fund, and the Funds by ' Bombay Medical Retiring Fund, with the Consent of the bribers ' Subscribers to the said Institutions respectively It shall be thereto, lawful for the Managers or Trustees to make over the Assets,

Liabilities, and Management of all or any of the said Funds, and for the Secretary of State for India in Council to take and assume the same, if at any Time hereafter it shall appear by a Vote, specially taken for the Purpose, that a Majority of not less than Three Fourths of the Subscribers to those Institutions who may vote upon the Question are desirous of transferring them to the said Secretary of State for India in Council.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Parliamentary Oaths.

[30th April 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that One uniform Oath should c " be taken by Members of both Houses of Parliament on ' taking their Seats in every Parliament: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Oath to be made and subscribed by Members of Oath to be both Houses of Parliament on taking their Seats in

on

Parliament shall be in the Form following:

taken by J Members of Parliament.

I A.B. do swear that I will be faithful and bear true c A Allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria; and I do c faithfully promise to maintain and support the Succession to f the Crown, as the same stands limited and settled by virtue c of the Act passed in the Reign of King William the Third, intituled " An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown,

" and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the c " Subject," and of the subsequent Acts of Union with ' Scotland and Ireland. So help me GOD. '

2. Where in the Oath hereby appointed the Name of Her The Name of present Majesty is expressed, the Name of the Sovereign of th^Tim?* this Kingdom for the Time being by virtue of the Act for being to be

" the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing used in the " the Rights and Liberties of the Subject," shall be substituted Oath- from Time to Time with proper Words of Reference thereto.

3. The Oath hereby appointed shall in every Parliament be Time and Man-solemnly and publicly made and subscribed by every Member oath^ of the House of Peers at the Table in the Middle of the said

House before he takes his Place in the said House, and whilst a full House of Peers is there with their Speaker in his Place, and by every Member of the House of Commons at the Table in the Middle of the said House, and whilst a full House of [iVb. 14. Price 2d.] O Commons

Provision in favour of Quakers, &c.

Penalty for Omission to take Oath.

Repeal of Acts and Parts of Acts in Schedule.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 19. Parliamentary Oaths Amendment. 29 VICT.

Commons is there duly sitting, with their Speaker in his Chair, at such Hours and according to such Regulations as each House may by its Standing Orders direct.

4. Every Person of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, and every other Person for the Time being by Law permitted to make a solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of taking an Oath, may, instead of taking and subscribing the Oath hereby appointed, make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation in the Form of the Oath hereby appointed, substituting the Words " solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm," for the Word " swear," and omitting the Words " So help me Godand the making and subscribing such Affirmation with such Substitution as aforesaid by a Person hereby authorized to make and subscribe the same shall have the same Effect as the making and subscribing by other Persons of the Oath hereby appointed.

5. If any Member of the House of Peers votes by himself or his Proxy in the House of Peers, or sits as a Peer during any Debate in the said House, without having made and subscribed the Oath hereby appointed, he shall for every such Offence be subject to a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action in One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at; and if any Member of the House of Commons votes as such in the said House, or sits during any Debate after the Speaker has been chosen, without having made and subscribed the Oath hereby appointed, he shall be subject to a like Penalty for every such Offence, and in addition to such Penalty his Seat shall be vacated in the same Manner as if he were dead.

6. There shall be repealed the several Acts and Parts of Acts specified in the Schedule hereto to the Extent in the said Schedule in that Behalf mentioned: Provided always, that the Repeal of these Acts or any of them, or of any Parts thereof, shall not be construed to weaken or in any Manner to affect any Laws or Statutes now in force for preserving and upholding the Supremacy of Our Lady the Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, in all Matters Civil and Ecclesiastical within this Realm and other Her Majesty's Dominions.

7. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Parliamentary Oaths Act, 1866."

SCHEDULE.

Bate of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

30 Car. 2. stat. 2. c. 1. An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament. So much as is unrepealed.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

13 Win. 3. c. 6. An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Grown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors. Ss. 10, 11.

1 Geo. 1. stat. 2. c. 13. An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors. Ss. 16, 17.

6 Geo. 3. c. 53. An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance, and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of cer- So far as relates to Oaths to be taken by Members of either House of Parliament.

tain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason.

10 Geo. 4. c. 7. An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects. So far as relates to Oaths to be taken by Members of either House of Parliament.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 6. An Act to alter the Hours within which certain Oaths and Declarations are to be made and subscribed in the House of Peers. The whole Act.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 48. An Act to substitute One Oath for the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. 0 2 So far as relates to Oaths to be taken by Members of either House of Parliament.

160

Cap. 19, 20. Parliamentary Oaths Amendment

29 VICT.

Date of Act. Title of Act. J Extent of Repeal.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict. c. 49. An Act to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. So far as relates to Oaths to be taken by Members of either House of Parliament.

22 Vict. c. 10. An Act to settle the Form of Affirmation to be made in certain Cases by Quakers and other Persons by Law permitted to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath. So far as relates to Oaths to be taken by Members of either House of Parliament.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 63. An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-nine, to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. The whole Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act to indemnify William Forsyth Esquire, One of Her Majesty's Counsel, from any penal Consequences which, he may have incurred by sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Standing Counsel to the Secretary of State in Council of India.

[30th April 1866.]

WHEREAS William Forsyth Esquire, One of Her Majesty's Counsel, was elected and returned at the

General Election in One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

five as One of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cambridge: And whereas the said c William Forsyth, at the Time of the said Election, held and

still holds the Office of Standing Counsel to the Secretary of c State in Council of India: And whereas a Petition was pre-

sented to the House of Commons on the Sixteenth Day of e February last by Robert Richard Torrens Esquire, One of the

Candidates at the said Election for the said Borough, stating that the said William Forsyth, during the said Election and

at the Time of the said Return, held and enjoyed the said Office of Standing Counsel to the Secretary of State in

Council of India, which the said Robert Richard Torrens in

f his

161

1866. Forsyth's Indemnity. Cap. 20.

his said Petition alleged to be a new Office or Place of Profit

under the Crown within the Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth

Year of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the

Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the e Succession of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant c Line, and that by reason thereof the said William Forsyth f was incapable of being elected and of sitting and voting as a c Member of the House of Commons:

f And whereas a Committee of the House of Commons duly appointed to try and determine the Matter of the said Petition has determined that the said William Forsyth Esquire was f not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament f for the Borough of Cambridge, and that the last Election for f the said Borough, so far as regards the Return of the said c William Forsyth Esquire, is a void Election:

And whereas the said William Forsyth may by sitting or c voting as a Member of the House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament have incurred or may be in c danger of incurring divers penal Consequences under and by (virtue of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament aforesaid:

And whereas the said William Forsyth was advised and

bond fide believed that he was not incapable of being elected ' as aforesaid, and of sitting and voting as a Member of the ' House of Commons, and it is fit and proper that the said

William Forsyth should be indemnified from all such penal c Consequences Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said William Forsyth shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities whatsoever (if any) incurred or to be incurred by him for or by reason of any Infringement by him of the Provisions of the said Act of Parliament by sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

2. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information shall have been or shall be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against the said William Forsyth for or on account of any Penalty, Forfeiture, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Infringement of the said Act of Parliament as aforesaid, he may plead the General Issue, and upon his Defence give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

Indemnification of William Forsyth.

The General Issue may he pleaded in any Action or Suit.

162

Cap. 21.

Public Offices (Site).

29 VICT,

18 & 19 Vict c. 95.

22 Vict. c. 19.

24 & 25 Vict c. 33.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 88.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 74.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 31.

Deposit of Plans and Books of Reference descriptive of Site.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire by compulsory Purchase or otherwise certain Lands, Houses, and Premises in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster; and for other Purposes.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of the following Acts,

namely, the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth

4 Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five (called the Downing Street Public Offices Extension Act, 1855 "), the Act of the Twenty-second Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Nineteen 4 (called the "Public Offices Extension Act, 1859"), the Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty,

4 Chapter Thirty-three (called the Supplemental Public Offices Extension Act, 1861 "), the Act of the same Session, Chapter Eighty-eight, the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, and the Act of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-one (called the "Public Offices Act, 1865"), the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as incorporated for the Purposes of the said Acts, have acquired divers Lands and Tenements in and near Downing Street in the City of Westminster, as a Site for Offices for the Public Service, with suitable Approaches thereto, and such Offices are now in course of Erection:

And whereas it has been found necessary, for the Purpose of improving the Site of and the Approaches to such Public Offices, and of enlarging and improving the Station of the Metropolitan Police in King Street and Gardeners Lane adjoining thereto, that the said Commissioners should also be empowered to acquire the additional Lands described and shown on the Plans herein-after mentioned, but such Lands cannot be acquired without the Authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate Plans, describing the Situation of the said Lands (herein-after referred to as the prescribed Lands), with a Book of Reference thereto, containing the Names of the Owners and Lessees or reputed Owners and Lessees and of the Occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at his Office at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell, and with the Clerk of the Westminster District Board of Works, and it is expedient that Powers should be given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to purchase such Lands for the Purposes aforesaid

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and

1866.

163

Public Offices (Site). Cap. 21.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Public Offices Site Act, 1866."

Incorporation of Commissioners.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being (herein-after referred to as " the Commissioners"), as incorporated for the Purposes of the aforesaid Acts, shall be and continue so incorporated for the Purposes of this Act, with Power to hold Lands for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act.

Acquisition of Site.

3. The Purposes of this Act are, the Acquisition of additional Lands for the Site of the Public Offices aforesaid and the Approaches thereto, and for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Police Station aforesaid, and the constructing and doing such Works and Things as are conducive to the Attainment of the above Purposes or any of them, or incidental thereto.

4. The Commissioners may, out of any Monies placed at their Disposal by Parliament for that Object, purchase, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act all or any of the prescribed Lands.

5. Such Parts of the prescribed Lands as are already vested in the Commissioners by virtue of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-six (called the " Westminster Bridge Act, 1853 shall remain vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and in all respects as if they had been acquired by them under and by virtue of this Act.

6. And whereas by the Forty-eighth Section of the said ' " Public Offices Extension Act, 1859," after reciting that by f reason of taking the Lands mentioned in the Schedule to the said Act, and for the Purposes thereof, there might be c Deficiencies in the Produce of the Assessments for the Relief c of the Poor, and making certain Payments directed by Act of Parliament to be made out of the Poor's Rate, as also in the c Produce of other Assessments directed to be raised and levied c on the Persons and in respect of the Property by Law f rateable to the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint (Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, and e reciting that the Rates of the said Parishes had been mort-c gaged, and were then charged with and subject to the Repay-e ment of certain Sums amounting in the aggregate to Thirty-c five thousand four hundred and three Pounds or thereabouts c Principal Money, with Interest thereon, and which Charges ' it was calculated would be wholly paid off on or before the

Twenty-

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Commissioners of Works for Purposes of Act.

Description of Purposes of Act.

Power of Commissioners to purchase Lands.

Parts of Lands now Tested in Commissioners under

16 & 17 Vict. c. 46. to remain so vested.

Commissioners to make good to Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist Deficiencies in Rates.

164

Cap. 21. Public Offices (Site). 29 VICT.

Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and that it was expedient that Provision

should be made for a Contribution for a limited Time by the ' said Commissioners in aid of the Poor Rates and other Rates

to be raised and levied as therein-before mentioned, it was enacted, that the said Commissioners should from and after ' the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, yearly and every Year until the f Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, by and out of such Monies as Parliament might from Time to Time place at their Disposal for that Purpose, pay and make good in manner therein mentioned to

the said Parishes such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Pour hundred Pounds per Annum as should be c deficient in respect of the said Rates by reason or means of

taking the Land mentioned in the Schedule to the said Act for the Purposes thereof, such Deficiencies to be calculated

and ascertained with reference to the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, being the Amount actually collected for and in respect of such Rates made in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight in respect of Houses and c Buildings which might be shut up or taken down, or of c Ground taken and used by the Commissioners for the c Purposes of the said Act of 185 9; and by the Forty-ninth ' Section of the same Act it was provided that the First Pay-c menfc in respect of such Deficiencies should be made on the c Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty: And whereas by the said " Supplemental Public c Offices Extension Act, 1861," it was enacted, that in con-c sideration of the additional Land tn taken under the c Powers of that Act, the maximum Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, payable as in the said Act of 1859 was mentioned, for making up such Deficiency as aforesaid, should be increased to a Sum not exceeding Five hundred and

twenty Pounds per Annum, and the annual Amount with reference to which such Deficiencies were to be calculated and ascertained as in the said Act of 1859 mentioned should be the

Sum of Four hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, in lieu of the

Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds in the said Act of 1859 mentioned; and that the First Payment in respect of the Deficiencies arising by reason of or with

reference to the Land comprised in the Act of 1861 now in c recital should be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September 6 One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two: And whereas

by the Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years c of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-one, Parts of the Lands acquired under the Provisions of the Acts mentioned in the e Preamble to this Act were transferred to and vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the

Government of India, and it was thereby enacted that such (Landa when so vested in Her Majesty should be and continue

liable

1866. Public Offices (Site). Cap. 21. 165

liable to the Payment of Eleven Thirty-fifth Parts of all the ' Parochial Rates and Taxes to which the Entirety of the

Land acquired by the said Commissioners as aforesaid was or c should be by Law subject and liable: And whereas by the said "Public Offices Act, 1865/' it was enacted* that in

consideration of the additional Land to be taken under the fc' Provisions of that Act the maximum Sum of Five hundred

and twenty Pounds per Annum payable as in the said Acts of ' 1859 and 1861 was mentioned for making up such Deficiency as aforesaid should be increased to a Sum not exceeding Six i hundred and seventy-seven Pounds per Annum* and the annual c Amount with reference to which such Deficiencies were to be

calculated and ascertained as in the said Act of 1859 mentioned should be the Sum of Six hundred and fifty-four c Pounds* in lieu of the Sum of Four hundred and ninety-eight ' Pounds in the said Act of 1861 mentioned* and that the First c Payment in respect of the Deficiencies arising by reason of f or with reference to the Land comprised in the said Act of c 1865 now in recital should be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Now be it enacted* That in consideration of the additional Land to be taken under the Provisions of this Act the maximum Sum of Six hundred and seventy-seven Pounds per Annum payable as in the said Acts of 1859* 1861* and 1865 is mentioned for making up such Deficiency as aforesaid shall be increased to a Sum not exceeding Fourteen hundred Pounds per Annum* and the annual Amount with reference to which such Deficiencies shall be calculated and ascertained as in the said Act of 1859 is mentioned shall be the Sum of Thirteen hundred and thirty Pounds* in lieu of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty-four Pounds in the said Act of 1865 mentioned; and the First Payment in respect of the Deficiencies arising by reason of or with reference to the Lands to be taken under the Provisions of this Act shall be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven:

Provided always* that this Extension shall not increase the Sums payable by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors* as aforesaid, in respect of the Lands vested in Her by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty* Chapter Fifty-one.

7. The Commissioners* their Surveyors, Officers* and Work- Power to

men, may at all reasonable Times in the Daytime* upon giving

rri .n xt xt, -xxr 1, ° . p to enter upon

Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing* enter into Lands.

and upon any of the prescribed Lands for the Purpose of

surveying or valuing the same.

8. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act* 1845*" and 8 & 9 Vict.

" The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act* c-18* aa vict 1860*" shall* except as hereby expressly varied* be incorporated ^loeJnCt* with this Act* but* corporated.

(1) There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation

166

Extinction of Eights of Way and other Easements.

As to Claims for Compensation by yearly Tenants.

Limit for compulsory Purchases. Power to the Commissioners to sell Lands

Cap. 21. Public Offices (Site). 29 VICT.

solidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned, that is to say, Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed, or the Provisions relating to affording Access to the Special Act:

(2) In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the " Special Act," and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be " the Promoters of the Undertaking :"

(3) The Term " Sheriff," used in the Provisions of " The

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," relating to the Reference to a Jury, shall be deemed to apply to the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy:

(4) The Bond required by Section Eighty-five of " The

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned.

9. Upon the Purchase by the Commissioners of the prescribed Lands (save as herein-after provided), all Rights of Way, Rights of laying down or of continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, on, over, through, or under King Street, between Charles Street and Downing Street, or on, over, through, or under the prescribed Lands, or any Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to the said Portion of King Street and such Lands, or any Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways, and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, shall vest in the Commissioners, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from the Commissioners such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

10. All Claims for Compensation made upon the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act or any Act incorporated herewith shall, if the Person claiming to be entitled to Compensation has no greater Interest than as Tenant for a Year or from Year to Year in the Lands in respect of which the Compensation is claimed, be determined in manner provided by the One hundred and twenty-first Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

11. The Limit for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall be Three Years.

12. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners (if they shall think fit), with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of

1866. Public Offices (Site). Cap. 21.

of Her Majesty's Treasury, to sell to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, for the Purposes of the Acts of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-four, and Second and Third Victoria, Chapter Forty-seven, any Part or Parts of the prescribed Lands which they may have acquired by virtue of this Act, for such Price and subject to such Conditions as may be agreed on.

13. The Commissioners may pull down and remove any Buildings on the prescribed Lands, and may construct thereon such Buildings and Works, and do all such other Things as may, in their Opinion, be necessary or expedient in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act or any of them.

14. Nothing in this Act shall extend to take away or impair any Rights or Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to any Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses.

15. All Buildings erected on the prescribed Lands, either by the Commissioners or by the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, shall be exempt from the Operation of the First Part of "The Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855."

Miscellaneous.

16. No Purchase shall be made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; but it shall not be necessary for any Vendor or any Purchaser from the said Commissioners to ascertain that such Assent has been given, nor shall the Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent, and any such Assent may be given either generally or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury may seem meet.

17. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the Solicitor or Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners, and need not be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners.

18. All Land purchased by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall, except as hereby otherwise provided, be vested in them for the Public Service, and shall be subject to the Provisions of the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and in all respects as if the same had been acquired under the Provisions of that Act.

19. All Contracts in Writing made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners hereby incorporated as aforesaid shall be valid, and shall be binding on the Commissioners as if the same had been under their Corporate Seal.

20. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from any Sale to the Receiver for the

Metropolitan

167

to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

Powers to Commissioners to execute Works.

As to Bights of Metropolitan Board of Works. Buildings exempt from 18 & 19 Vict. c. 122.

No Purchase to be made without the Authority of the Treasury.

Authentication of Notices.

Land purchased", vested for the Public Service, subject to Provisions of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 28.

Contracts made by First Commissioner of Works to be v^lid.

Monies payable to the Commissioners to

be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General.

Cap. 21.

Public Offices (Site).

29 VICT

Orders concerning Money paid into Court may be made at Chambers.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

Deeds not liable to Stamp Duty.

Deeds to be enrolled in Court of Exchequer.

Plan to be deposited in the Office of Works, and open to Inspection.

Metropolitan Police District, or from the Sale of any Materials or otherwise, shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General or the Deputy Paymaster General for the Time being, or other Officer acting for the Paymaster General, whose Receipt, unstamped, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same to the Persons paying the same, and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be by such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, if the Commissioners shall so direct.

21. All Orders which under this Act the Court of Chancery is empowered to make, on Motion or Petition, in relation td any Money paid into the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, or the Costs of any Application, may be made by any Judge of the said Court upon Application to him while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had, subject nevertheless to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court on any such Applications.

22. If any Person wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Commissioners in the lawful Exercise of the Powers vested in them under this Act, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

23. No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument made by, to, or with the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments are specially charged therewith in such future Act.

24. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any Land by this Act authorized to be purchased is conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall he enrolled amongst the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Books of the said Commissioners; and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument, when so enrolled, shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be good and available in Law, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

25. A Copy of the Plan of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall remain at the said Office, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, have Liberty to inspect the same.

1866.

Qualification for Offices Abolition.

Cap. 22.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to render it unnecessary to make and subscribe certain Declarations as a Qualification for Offices and Employments; to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Office and Employment; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the

" " Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for

repealing so much of several Acts as imposes the Necessity ' of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a Quali-(fication for certain Offices and Employments: And whereas

another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for i the Relief of Quakers, Moravians, and Separatists elected to c Municipal Offices: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Relief of Quakers, 6 Moravians, and Separatists: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons of the Jewish Religion elected to Municipal Offices: And whereas it is inexpedient that it should be necessary to make and f subscribe any Declaration prescribed by any of the said Acts:' Re it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall not be obligatory for any Person who shall hereafter be placed, elected, or chosen in or to the Office of Mayor, Alderman, Recorder, Bailiff, Town Clerk, or Common Councilman, or in or to any Office or Magistracy, or Place, Trust, or Employment relating to the Government of any City, Corporation, Borough, or Cinque Port, within England and Wales or the Town of Berwick-on-Tweed, either before or upon or after his Admission into any of the aforesaid Offices or Trusts, or for any Person who shall hereafter be admitted into any Office or Employment, or who shall accept from Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, any Patent, Grant, or Commission, either before or upon or after his Admission to any Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, or his Acceptance of any Patent, Grant, or Commission, to make and subscribe any Declaration prescribed by any of the said Acts.

2. Every Person who at or before the passing of this Act hath omitted to make and subscribe any Assurance or Declaration prescribed by the said Acts or any of them, or other-

wise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required* shall [iVb. 15. Price 2J.] P be

9 G. 4. c. 17.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 5.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 15.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 52.

Obligation to make Declarations prescribed by the recited Acts abolished.

Indemnity for Persons who have not made Declarations required by the recited Acts.

Alteration of Duties of Customs after 15th March 1866.

Cap. 22, 23. Qualification for Offices Abolition. 29 VICT.

be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Omission of making and subscribing any Assurance or Declaration required by the said Acts or any of them according to the same Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself according to the same Acts and every of them, and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person had duly made and subscribed such Assurance and Declaration according to the Directions of the said Acts or any of them.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man, and for*other Purposes.

[18th May 1866.] T)E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In lieu of the Customs Duties now chargeable on the Articles herein-after mentioned upon their Importation into the Isle of Man, the following Duties shall be charged from and after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; that is to say,

viz. Brandy, Geneva, and all Foreign Spirits, not being Liqueurs, Cordials, or per- £ s. d.

fumed Spirits - - the Gallon Bum and Bum Shrub of the British 0 8 0

Possessions - - the Gallon British or Irish Spirits exported from a Duty-free Warehouse under Bond 0 6 0

in the United Kingdom - the Gallon Such Spirits not exceeding the 0 6 0

Strength of Proof by Sykes' Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less Strength than the Strength of Proof, and for any greater or less Quantity

. than a Gallon.

Sugar, viz.

---- Muscovado - - the Cwt.

---- Sugar Candy, White or Brown, refined

Sugar or Sugar rendered by any Process equal to refined. Foreign or British,

the Cwt.

0 3 0

0 6 0

Customs Duties (Isle of Mari).

171

Cap. 23.

Tobacco, viz.

---- Unmanufact tired

---- Manufactured

Cigars -

the lb. the lb. the lb. per Gallon

0

0

0

0

d.

6

9

9

8

Wine

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty at any Time, by Order in Council, to direct that Goods liable to any Duties of Customs upon their Importation from Foreign Parts into the said Isle shall not be brought into or delivered for Consumption in the said Isle without Payment of such Duties, whether any Duty shall or shall not have been previously paid on such Goods in England or elsewhere.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs shall apply the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man (except the necessary Charges of collecting, recovering, and accounting for the same, which Charges they are hereby authorized and directed to retain and pay out of the gross Amount collected, notwithstanding the Provisions of the Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-four,) in manner following; (that is to say,) they shall thereout pay and defray the necessary Expenses attending the Government of the Isle of Man *, and the Administration of Justice there, and other Charges incurred in the Isle which have heretofore been or may hereafter be deemed fit and proper Charges to be deducted from and paid out of the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man, including so much (if any) of the Services which shall have been voted by the House of Commons applicable to the Isle of Man as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct: Provided that no Part of the said Duties of Customs shall be applied for or towards any of the Navy Services, except the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service of the Isle of Man, and that no Part of the said Duties of Customs shall be applied for or towards any of the Army Services, except the Charge of the Volunteers of the Isle of Man.

4. Out of the same Duties of Customs the said Commissioners shall pay the annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds, made payable by the Act Eighth and Ninth of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-four, Section Twenty-five, to Her Majesty's Receiver General in the Isle of Man, and to be applied for the lawful Purposes of the Harbour Commissioners therein mentioned.

5. In addition to the Payments out of the Customs Duties herein-before directed, there shall be set aside annually a Sum equal to One Ninth Part of the gross Amount of the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man, to be applied by the Commissioners of the Treasury in effecting Improvements in the Harbours and other Public Works in the Isle of Man, the necessary Repairs and Improvements in the Harbours taking

P 2 Priority

Goods on which Duties not paid not to be delivered for Consumption.

Application of Duties.

Sum of 2, 300/. made payable by 8 & 9 Vict. c. 94. s. 25. to be paid out of Duties.

One Ninth of Duties to be applied in Public Improvements in Isle of Man.

1^2 Cap. 23. Customs Duties (Isle of Man). 29 VICT.

Priority to other Public Works; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald from Time to Time to determine what Improvements and Public Works shall be so undertaken, the Lieutenant Governor having a Veto upon such Decision; and such One Ninth Part of the said gross Amount of the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man being in satisfaction of and in substitution for the Sum equal to One Ninth Part of the Amount derived from such Duties by the Customs Consolidation Act, 1853, Section Three hundred and fifty-five, directed to be set apart and applied as therein mentioned.

Power to 6. It shall be lawful for the Harbour Commissioners of the

Harbour Com- js[e Man. or the major Part of them, (of whom Her Majesty's wi^Consent of Reiver General in the Isle of Man or his Deputy for the Treasury, to Time being shall be One,) from Time to Time, with the borrow Money. Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow of or from any Commissioners, Body, or Person willing to advance the same on the Security of Two other Ninth Parts of the gross Amount of the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man> such Sum or Sums of Money as the Court of Tynwald (with such Approbation as aforesaid) may have determined to be necessary for the Purpose of effecting Improvements in the Harbours of the Isle of Man; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald from Time to Time to determine what Improvements shall be so undertaken, the Lieutenant Governor having a Veto upon such Decision; and it shall be lawful for the said Harbour Commissioners, or such Majority of them as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds under their Hands and Seals, to charge the said Two Ninth Parts of the said gross Amount of the Duties of Customs collected in the Isle of Man, on the Security whereof any such Money as aforesaid might be borrowed, with the Repayment of the Principal Money and Interest according to the Terms agreed on with any Commissioners or other Body or Person by whom the respective Advance may be made; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs shall, in the event of any such Charge being made, pay and apply the said Two Ninth Parts of the said gross Amount, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, in Payment of such Principal and Interest accordingly.

Subject to 7. Subject to the Charges aforesaid the Sum of Ten thousand

i^ooooPtorbeS ^>ouncs ou^ the Duties of Customs of the Isle of Man shall paid into Her he brought and paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exche-Majest/s Ex- quer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public chequer. Revenue, and shall go and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and in case the Customs Duties of the Isle of Man shall not be sufficient in any Year to pay the whole of the said Ten thousand Pounds, then the Deficiency shall be added to the Ten thousand Pounds becoming due in the succeeding Year, and be payable with the like Priority, and so on from Year to Year as regards the Deficiency, if any, of the preceding Year or Years: Provided always.

1866.

Customs Duties (Isle of Man). Cap. 23. 173

always, and be it enacted by way of Substitution for the Provisions of the Isle of Man Harbours Amendment Act,

1864, Section Two, that if there shall be any Deficiency in respect of the Works in that Act mentioned as proposed to be erected at Port Erin in the Isle of Man: by the Application of the Loan therein mentioned, to meet the Claims of the Public Works Loans Commissioners to Payment as such Claims fall due, then the Amount so deficient, to an Extent not exceeding One thousand six hundred Pounds in any One Year, shall be charged and paid, and deducted by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, out of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds before the Payment thereof into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer; and if after the Completion of the said proposed Works at Port Erin, it shall be found that the Harbour Dues and other Monies received and applicable to the Payments to be made to the Public Works Loans Commissioners are more than sufficient to provide for such annual Payments as they shall fall due, the Balance, after providing for such Payments, shall be applied yearly to repay any Monies which shall have been advanced out of the Surplus of Customs Revenues under the Authority of the said Isle of Man Harbour Amendment Act, 1864, or which shall have been advanced out of the said annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds under the Authority of this Act, with Interest thereon respectively at the Rate of Three and a Quarter per Centum per Annum; from the Time of the Advance to the Time of Repayment.

8. The Surplus, if any, of the Duties of Customs of the Isle Surplus (if of Man, after deducting the Sums herein-before directed or be a.f ^ied.68 authorized to be paid or set aside thereout or charged thereon, to public Pur-shall be applied for such public Purposes of the Isle of Man, to poses in Isle be approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, of Man *

as the Court of Tynwald shall from Time to Time determine, the Lieutenant Governor having a Veto upon such Decision.

9. The clear surplus Income (if any) arising from the said Investment of Duties of Customs in any Year which shall not be required for SurPIus *

the Purposes of that Year shall be invested in such Names and on such Securities as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time direct, and the Sums so invested, with the Interest and Accumulations thereof, shall form a Fund to be called "The Isle of Man Accumulated Fund," and such Fund, or any Part thereof, shall from Time to Time be applicable for the Purposes and in the Manner in which the same would have been applicable if it had been surplus Income of the Year in which it shall be applied.

10. In case the Dues which under the Authority of any Act Provision for of Parliament heretofore passed may be taken from Vessels Alteration of using any of the Harbours in the Isle of Man shall not be C e ° sufficient to keep down the Interest and Instalments of Principal

payable under any Mortgage of the said Dues made under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, it shall be lawful for the

P 3 Commissioners

Treasury, 'with Consent of Court of Tynwald, may revise Constitution of Commissioners.

Annual Account of Receipt and Expenditure to be transmitted to Treasury, and laid before Parliament.

Saving Rights of Isle of Man.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 23. Customs Duties (Isle of Many 29 VICT.

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Consent of the Court of Tynwald, from Time to Time to alter the Seale of Dues, but so as not to reduce the same or any of them below the Amount prescribed by any Act of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Consent of the Court of Tynwald, from Time to Time to revise the Constitution of the Commissioners for putting in execution the Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-two; and the Persons nominated or appointed or elected to be such Commissioners in pursuance of any Rules laid down by the Commissioners of the Treasury, with the Consent of the Court of Tynwald, shall have all the Powers by the last-mentioned Act or by any other Act of Parliament given to the Commissioners nominated and appointed or elected in pursuance of the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-two.

11. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs shall immediately after the Thirty-first of March in each Year cause to be made out an Account of their Receipts and Expenditure in respect of the Duties of Customs of the Isle of Man, and shall transmit the same, with Books and Vouchers relating thereto, to the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, who shall examine the said Accounts and certify thereon as to the Correctness of the Sums therein contained as compared with the Books and Vouchers relating thereto; and the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts shall transmit Copies of the Accounts so examined, and certify to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with their Report thereon in the usual Way; and such Accounts, together with the Reports of the Commissioners of Audit thereon, and together also with a Statement of the Account of The Isle of Man Accumulated Fund," and of the Application of any Part thereof in the course of the preceding Year, shall be laid before the House of Commons by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury on or before the Thirtieth of June following if Parliament shall then be sitting, or if not then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled, and Copies of such Accounts, Reports, and Statements shall also be transmitted to the Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man, and shall by him be laid before the Court of Tynwald.

12. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect, or be construed in any way, directly or indirectly, to prejudice or affect, any of the Rights or Privileges legally exercised or enjoyed by the said Isle at the Time of the passing of this Act.

13. This Act may be cited as the " Isle of Man Customs, Harbours, and Public Purposes Act, 1866."

1866.

Cap. 24.

175

Local Government Supplemental.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Winchester, Burton-upon-Trent, Long-ton, Accrington, Preston, Bangor, JElland, Halstead, Wadsworth, Canterbury, Dartmouth, Duldnfield, Stroud, and Bridlington, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Depart-c ment, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and other Provisions made with respect to certain Districts already under the Local Government Act aforesaid: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The Rates leviable within the District of the City and Borough of Canterbury under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, for all the Purposes of that Act, shall not in any One Year exceed the Amount of Three Shillings in the Pound Sterling upon all House Property within such District assessable to such Rates under the said Act, nor the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound Sterling upon all Lands within such District used for Agricultural Purposes only.

3. The Boundary of the District of Halstead, as settled by the Provisional Order in the Schedule to this Act, shall be taken and deemed to be the Boundary set out on a Map of the said District, approved by the Secretary of State, and deposited at the Office of the Halstead Local Board.

4. Notwithstanding the Separation from the Halstead District of a Part of the said District as set forth and described in the Provisional Order in the Schedule to this Act contained, the Part so separated shall continue liable to the same Extent as at present to the Payment of the Interest and annual Instalments of the Monies borrowed by the Local Board of Health of the said District up to the Time of the passing of this Act,

and

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Limitation as to Amount of Rates in Canterbury-District.

As to Map of Boundary of Halstead District.

Separated Portion of Halstead District to continue liable to due Share of Mortgage Debt

Appropriation, &c. of 4, 500/. to "be paid to Local Board of Bangor by Col. the Hon.

E. GL D. Pennant, M.P.

and all the Powers in relation to rating shall for the Purpose of rating for the Payment of such Interest and Instalments continue as if there had been no Separation of such Part from the said District: Provided always, that any Income arising from the Waterworks of the said Local Board of Health shall be applied exclusively to the Payment of the Interest and Instalments of the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, being the Amount borrowed by the said Board for the said Waterworks, and of the working Expenses of such Works.

5. And whereas Colonel the Honourable Edward Gordon 6 Douglas Pennant, M.P., is the sole Owner of the Part of the i Parish of Llandegai which lies within the Boundaries of the Parliamentary Borough of Bangor, and is referred to in the ' Provisional Order relative to the District of Bangor in f the Schedule to this present Act contained, and such Part of the said Parish of Llandegai is wholly unconnected with the Drainage System and with the other sanitary Arrangements

of the said District of Bangor, and is lighted, cleansed, and the Roads and Pavements therein are kept in repair, at the

sole Costs and Charges of the said Colonel the Honourable 6 Edward Gordon Douglas Pennant: And whereas at the Time c of the making of the said Provisional Order Doubts were ' entertained whether the Part of the Parish of Llandegai was 6 included within such District of Bangor: And whereas in c consideration of the Local Board of Health for the said District terminating legal Proceedings which have been taken by them

to enforce certain General District Rates made by them upon e the Property within the said Part of the Parish of Llandegai, and upon the passing of an Act of Parliament to confirm the said Provisional Order excluding the said Part of the Parish

of Llandegai from the District of the Local Board of Health e for Bangor, the said Colonel the Honourable Edward Gordon 6 Douglas Pennant hath agreed to give the said Local Board of c Health the Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds c in exoneration of all such Rates as aforesaid: And whereas the Bangor Local Board of Health is indebted in the Sum f of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds or thereabouts ' borrowed by them upon the Security of the Rates within their said District, under the Powers contained in the Public

Health and Local Government Acts in that Behalf: And whereas the said Local Board of Health, deeming it conducive

to the Interests of the Owners and Ratepayers within the said District of Bangor, have agreed to accept the said Sum 6 of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds which the said

Colonel the Honourable Edward Gordon Douglas Pennant f has agreed to give them on the passing of this Act as aforesaid:' Be it enacted, That the said Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds so to be given by the said Colonel the Honourable Edward Gordon Douglas Pennant to the said Local Board of Health for the District of Bangor shall be applied by the said Board in defraying all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24. 1 %%

incurred by them in and connected with the legal Proceedings which they have taken to enforce Payment of the General District Rates on the said Part of the Parish of Llandegai which is by the said Provisional Order, confirmed as aforesaid, excluded from the said District of Bangor, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred by the said Local Board in relation to the said Provisional Order and to this Act, and, subject to the Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, the Residue of the said Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds shall be applied by the said Local Board of Health in Repayment of the said Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds or thereabouts borrowed by them upon the Security of the Rates within their said District as aforesaid. The Payment by the said Colonel the Honourable Edward Gordon Douglas Pennant of the Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds to the said Local Board of Health for the District of Bangor shall be in full Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands by the same Board for Rates or otherwise on or with reference to the said Part of the Parish of Llandegai which is by the said Provisional Order, confirmed as aforesaid, excluded from the said District of Bangor.

6. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Actincorpo-

Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and ^T^&S Vict. the said Local Government Act were One Act. c. 98.

7. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in short Title, any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures "The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1866."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Winchester. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the City.

2. Burton-upon-Trent. — Alteration of the Town of Burton-upon-Trent Act, 1853, in force within the Local Board's District.

3. Longton. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Longton Local Board.

4. Accrington. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health, otherwise than by Agreement, for Market Improvements.

5. Preston. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Preston, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Park and Street Improvements.

6. Bangor. — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Bangor, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

7. Elland. — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Elland, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT.

8. Halstead. — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Halstead, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

9. Wadsworth. — Separating from the District, of Wadsworth a Portion of the Township of Wadsworth.

10. Canterbury. — For Repeal and Alteration of the Canterbury Local Acts in force within the District of the Canterbury Local Board.

11. Dartmouth. — For extending the Borrowing Powers of the Dartmouth Local Board.

12. Dukinfield. — For extending the Borrowing Powers of the Dukinfield Local Board of Health.

13. Stroud. — For extending the Borrowing Powers of the Stroud Local Board of Health.

14. Bridlington. — For extending the Borrowing Powers of the Bridlington Local Board.

WINCHESTER.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Winchester Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Winchester, in the County of Hants, by the Council of the said City, acting as the Local Board in and for such City, being the District in which the Local Government Act, 1858, is in force, have, in pursuance of that Act, presented a Petition to me, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of and transfer of powers under certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Third (11 Geo. 3. Cap. 9.), intituled " An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the streets and other public passages within " the city of Winchester; and also within the several " parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hyde, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheesehill, Saint Swithin, and " Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the suburbs in the " said city; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances " therein; and for widening and rendering the same more cc commodious

Also, a certain other Act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 2.), intituled " An Act for amending and enlarging the powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets and public passages in the " city of Winchester, and several parishes in the suburbs " thereof, and for removing and preventing nuisances " therein:"

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, - inquiry has been directed by me to be duly made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for such purpose:

* ' And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The herein-before recited Local Act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 9.), shall be repealed, and all the exemptions from rating conferred thereby shall cease and determine.

2. — The parts of the second herein-before recited Local Act,

passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 2.), to be repealed are those specified in the Schedule to this Order annexed; and all the exemptions from rating conferred by the said Act shall cease and determine.

3. — All the powers, duties, and authorities of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Acts shall cease and determine, and all the powers, duties, authorities, advantages, and penalties under the unrepealed portions of the said secondly herein-before recited Local Act, which in case this Order had not been made and confirmed would have belonged to such Commissioners, shall pass to the Local Board aforesaid.

4. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in

the execution of the said Local Acts shall be transferred to the said Local Board, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes, as by such Commissioners.

5. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or

payable by such Commissioners shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners.

6. — Provided always, that if such property and estate be

insufficient for that purpose, the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

180

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT.

7. — The Clerk to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Acts being, by reason of the repeal thereof, superseded, he shall be entitled to have, as compensation for the profits, salary, and emoluments of the said office, an annuity of fifty pounds, and the said Local Board shall pay to such Clerk such annuity out of the general district rates of the district.

Given under my hand this Twenty-seventh day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Act 48 Geo. 3. c. 2. referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say,

All the sections of the said Local Act except sections 24, 25, and 26. All exemptions from rating conferred by any of the sections in such Act, as well as the proviso to section 51 of such Act, to cease and determine.

BURTON-UPON-TRENT.

Provisional Order for the Alteration of the Town of Burton-upon-Trent Act, 1853, in force within the District of the Burton-up on-Trent Local Board.

Whereas the Commissioners acting in execution of a certain Local Act of Parliament passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria (cap. 118.), intituled " An Act for more effectually improving the " Town of Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford," have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Town of Burton-upon-Trent:

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the Local Government Act have in pursuance of the said Act presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other Purposes in such Petition set forth:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for such purpose, in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition: And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the

181

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act aforesaid of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 118. shall be altered as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly:

The 36th and the 39th sections of the said Local Act shall be repealed.

Given under my hand this Twenty-eighth day of February, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

LONGTON.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Longton Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Longton in the County of Stafford, acting as the Local Board in and for the Borough aforesaid, in which the Local Government Act, 1858, is in force, have, in pursuance of such Act, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the second year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act for establishing an effective police in places within or adjoining " to the District called the Staffordshire Potteries, and for cc improving and cleansing the same, and better lighting ee parts thereof:"

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The parts of the said herein-before recited Local Act passed in the second year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 44.), specified in the Schedule here-[iVb. 16. Price 2c/.] Q unto

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT.

unto annexed, shall be repealed, so far as the provisions thereof apply to and are in force within the limits of the aforesaid District of the Borough of Longton.

Given under my hand this Tenth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The Parts of the Local Act 2 Vict. c. 44. herein-before referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say.

The sections of the said Local Act numbered 82 and 83 (respecting the levying of Public Improvement and Public Lighting Rates), and sections of the same Act numbered 84 and 85 (relating to exemptions from rating under the preceding sections).

ACCRINGTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Accrington, in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Market Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Accrington, in the County of Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings to provide within their District a Market Place and other conveniences for the purpose of holding Markets, and for providing buildings and approaches, &c. necessary for the convenient use of such Market:

And whereas the said petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District,

and

and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Accrington aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the Powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this First day of July, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following, showing the property so proposed to be taken otherwise than by agreement.

No. on Plan. Description of Land. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Occupiers.

N 42 House and land Executors of the late Mr. James Ormerod. Unoccupied.

N44 House Ditto James Barnes.

N 46 House Ditto Unoccupied.

8 Land containing Ilf yards. William Dewhurst, Esq. Ditto.

9 Land containing 19f yards. Ditto Ditto.

10 Land partly covered with water, containing 353 yards. Ditto Ditto.

N 54 House used as a green- Mr. Joseph Chip- Mr. Joseph

grocer's shop. pendale. Chippendale.

48 House and land John Cocker Mr. Joseph Taylor.

50 Ditto Ditto Mr. James Cocker.

52 Ditto Ditto Mr. John Henry.

184

Cap. 24.

29 Tier.

Local Government Supplemental.

PRESTON,

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Preston Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Park and Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the said Borough, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No. 2), have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of enlarging the Park at Avenham, and for widening, enlarging, and improving a certain street in the said Borough styled West Cliff, such land being situate within the District of the said Local Board of Health.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plan accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition. Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

, J Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board of Health for the District of that

Borough,

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

Borough, shall he empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the Powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by-agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-fourth day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the numbers in column refer to those on the plan accompanying the Petition of the Local Board of Health.

Humber on Plan. Description of Lands to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

1. Plot of land in Aven-ham Park near the River Kibble, and containing 248 yards or thereabouts. William Charnley. John Woodford.

2, A plot of land on the north-east side of West Cliff, containing 112 yards or thereabouts. William Charnley. John Woodford.

BANGOR.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Bangor in the County of Carnarvon under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and duly signed by the Local Board of Health of the District of Bangor in the County of Carnarvon, praying for the separation from the said District of Bangor of all that part of the Parish of Llandegai which lies within the boundaries of the Parliamentary Borough of Bangor, and which is alleged to form part of the said District of Bangor:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been duly made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for such Purpose:

Q 3 And

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental 29 VICT.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, and subject to the provisions which shall be contained in such Act, —

1. — The District of the Local Board of Health for Bangor

aforesaid in which the Local Government Act, 1858, is now in force be altered by so much of the aforesaid District as is alleged to be within that part of the Parish of Llandegai which is within the Parliamentary Borough of Bangor being excluded from the District of the aforesaid Local Board of Health for Bangor.

2. — At every election of members of the Local Board of

Health aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District of the Bangor Board, as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Fifteenth Day of February in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

ELLAND.

Provisional Order altering the Boundaries of the District of Elland in the County of York, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly signed by the Local Board of Health for the District of Elland in the County of York, praying for an alteration of the existing boundaries of their District .:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in respect of the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's

Principal

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The boundaries of the said District be extended by

incorporating therewith all parts of the hamlet of Elland, in the West Riding of the County of York, not comprised and included in the boundaries of the District of Greet-land, in the said County, as settled under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, by my Orders bearing date respectively the 14th day of November 1864 and the 11th day of March 1865.

2. — At every election of members of the Local Board for the said extended District of Elland which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as constituted by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so constituted.

Given under my hand this Seventeenth day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey. HALSTEAD.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Halstead in the County of JEssex, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and duly signed by owners and ratepayers of the District of Halstead in the County of Essex, praying for an alteration of the existing boundary of the said District:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been duly made to me thereon:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the Local Board of Health for Halstead in the County of Essex be altered by there being

separated

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental 29 VICT.

separated therefrom all that portion of the said District lying without a circle of which the radius is about one thousand yards and the centre is the middle of the bridge over the river Colne* at the end of High Street* Halstead* and the District shall consist of all portions of Halstead lying within the said circle.

2. — At every election of members of the Local Board aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order* the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District of the Halstead Local Board of Health as altered by this Order and by the votes of owners of and ratepayers in respect of property situate within the District so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Fifteenth day of June* in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey. WADSWORTH.

Provisional Order for separating from the District of Wadsworth in the County of York a portion of the Township of jfrads-worth.

Whereas the Local Government Act* 1858* was duly adopted by the Township of Wadsworth in the County of York* and notice thereof in writing was duly given to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* as required by such Act:

And whereas a Petition has now been presented to me* as such Secretary of State as aforesaid, under the provisions of the 77th Section of the said Local Government Act* signed by the Chairman of a Public Meeting* duly convened* of the owners and ratepayers of that part of the District of Wadsworth aforesaid proposed to be separated* praying for the separation from the said District of all such part of the said District as is not coloured Pink on the Plan accompanying the said Petition* and therein particularly described:

And whereas inquiry has been directed in the said District into the several matters alleged in the said Petition* and Report has been duly made to me thereon by Arnold Taylor* Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now* therefore* in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the aforesaid Local Government Act* I. as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid* do* by this Provisional Order* under my hand* direct* — ,

That from and after the passing of any Act confirming this Order that part of the said Township of Wadsworth set forth

and

189

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed shall be separated from the said District of Wadsworth, and be hereafter excluded from the operation of the said Local Government Act, 1858.

Given under my hand, this Sixth day of January in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the above Order.

So much of the Township of Wadsworth shall be separated from the District of Wadsworth as lies outside of the portions coloured Pink and Yellow on the Plan accompanying this Order, and which portions are bounded as follows; namely, on the north commencing at Lee Mill Bridge at the point A .; thence in a southerly direction along and including Lee Mill Lane to the Lees and Hebden Bridge Turnpike Road at the point B .; thence in a northerly direction and including the Lees and Hebden Bridge Turnpike Road to Nursery Nook at the point C .; thence in a south-easterly direction along and including a cart road to Hirst Bridge at the point D .; thence in a southerly direction to Sandvgate at the point E .; thence in a south-westerly direction along and including Sandy-gate Lane to Dodnaze Road at the point F .; thence across Dodnaze Road to the fence dividing the Higher and Lower Stubbing Closes, and along such fence in a south-easterly direction to the top of and along Common Bank Wood to Wilkin Clough at the point G .; thence in a north-easterly direction to the occupation road at the point H .; thence in a south-easterly direction along such occupation road to Higher Mayroyd Wood, and along the top fence of such Wood to Falling Royd Delph, and thence to Falling Royd Road at the point I .; thence down and including such Road to the turnpike road from Halifax to Todmorden at the point J .; thence in a south-easterly direction, crossing the Rochdale Canal at Falling Royd Bridge, and following the south side of such Canal to the Township Boundary at Mytholmroyd Bridge at the point K .; thence in a north-easterly and northerly direction following the Township Boundary to the point A. at Lee Mill Bridge aforesaid.

CANTERBURY.

Provisional Order for repeal and alteration of the Canterbury Local Acts in force within the District of the Canterbury Local Board.

Whereas the Council of the City and Borough of Canterbury have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said City and Borough; and the said Council acting as a Local Board, under and for the purposes of such Act, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a petition to me, as one of

190

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT.

of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the herein-after recited Local Acts in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such petition set forth; that is to say, —

An Act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third (27 Geo. 3. cap. 14.), intituled " An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets," lanes, and other public passages and places within the walls Ce of the City of Canterbury, and the liberties thereof, and also " several streets and other places near or adjoining to the said tc City, and for removing and preventing encroachments, ob-u structions, nuisances, and annoyances therein

Also an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the reign of Queen Victoria (4 & 5 Vict. cap. 66.), intituled " An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-seventh " year of the reign of King George the Third, for paving," cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets and other public " passages and places within the walls of the City of Canter-ts bury and the liberties thereof, and other places near the said " City

Also an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Queen Victoria (7 & 8 Vict. cap. 53.), intituled " An Act for amending certain Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets and other public passages and places within " the City and Borough of Canterbury

Also an Act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of King George the Third (41 Geo. 3. cap. 7.), intituled " An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating the cattle " market within the City and County of the City of Canterbury:"

Also an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth (5 Geo. 4. cap. 134.), intituled "An Act for erecting a market house for the sale of corn, hops, and " other agricultural produce in the City of Canterbury and " County of the same City, for improving and enlarging the " market places for the sale of provisions in the said City and " County, and for regulating and maintaining the said markets And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The Local Acts aforesaid shall be repealed, altered, and

amended

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

amended as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly: —

The herein-before recited Local Acts of 27 Geo. 3. cap. 14., 4 & 5 Vict. cap. 66., and 7 & 8 Vict. cap. 53. (relating to the paving, &c. of the District of Canterbury aforesaid, and generally styled the Canterbury Pavement Acts,) shall be repealed, except so far as relates to such portion of the fifty-fourth section of the first of the herein-before recited Acts (27 Geo. 3. cap. 14.) as empowers the Commissioners to authorize persons bringing any goods, wares, or merchandize to the butter market of the City of Canterbury, or to set, place, or expose for sale such goods, wares, or merchandize, either on the footpaths or carriageway, lanes, passages, or places of the said City on Saturdays; and such portion of the fifty-sixth section of the said Act as empowers the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, to permit or suffer any cart or other carriage to remain in any of the said streets, lanes, passages, or places for any such reasonable time as they shall think proper on the usual market days held in the said City.

2. — The following portions of the herein-before recited Local Acts of 41 Geo. 3. cap. 7. and of 5 Geo. 4. cap. 134. (generally styled the Canterbury Market Acts) shall be repealed, viz., such portions as relate (1) to the mode of making byelaws; (2) to the table or list of tolls; (3) to the days upon which the several markets are to be held; (4) to the appointment of officers; and (5) to the appointment of a Committee: Also the proviso forbidding any toll to be levied in the corn market, except for standing places in the said market: Provided always, that the power to levy tolls for hawking provisions or other articles of any kind whatever about the City and Borough shall be retained: Provided also, that such repeal of the said sections of the Market Acts aforesaid shall not take effect until new byelaws have been adopted and confirmed after the passing of the Act confirming this present Order, in the same manner and form as byelaws under the Local Government Act, 1858.

Given under my hand this Second day of March, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

DARTMOUTH.

Provision il Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Dartmouth Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Dartmouth in the County of Devon have, under the Provisions of the Local

Government Hosted

m

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT,

Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow, for carrying ont works of a permanent nature, a sum which, with the sums already borrowed by that Board, will not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises within the District in respect of which such sums may be borrowed:

And whereas the said Dartmouth Local Board have, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow, for the purposes herein-before set forth and described, on mortgage of rates leviable by the aforesaid Board, a sum or sums which shall (together with the amount already borrowed) not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed:

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows:—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board in and for the District of Dartmouth in the County of Devon shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of works of a j ermanent nature, in the exercise of their powers as such Local Board within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them as such, a sum or sums which shall not, with the sums already borrowed by them, exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under the Local Government Act, 1858, within the aforesaid District; the aforesaid sum or sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Seventh day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

DUKINFIELD.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Duhinfield Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Dukinfield in the County of Chester have, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to

borrow

JL866- Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

borrow a sum which* with the sums already borrowed by that Board, will not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises within the District in respect of which such sums may be borrowed:

And whereas in and by the Ashton-under-Lyne and Staly-bridge (Corporations) Waterworks Act, 1864, it is enacted that if the aforesaid Local Board of Health are desirous of purchasing that part of the undertaking of the Dukinfield Waterworks Company not situate in the Borough of Staly-bridge, and shall give notice of such desire to the Corporations of Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge aforesaid within a period of three months after the passing of the said Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge (Corporations) Waterworks Act, 1864, the said Corporations shall sell and transfer, or cause to be sold or transferred, to the aforesaid Local Board of Health, that portion of the herein-before described undertaking which is not situate within the Borough of Stalybridge aforesaid:

And whereas the said Dukinfield Local Board of Health duly gave notice to the aforesaid Corporations of their desire to purchase such portion of the said undertaking, acting under the provisions of the aforesaid Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge (Corporations) Waterworks Act, 1864, and within a period of three months from the date of the passing of such Act; and the purchase money to be paid by such Local Board of Health for such purchase has been settled and ascertained by arbitration, as provided by the last herein-before recited Act, to be the sum of 23, 2801 .; and the aforesaid Local Board of Health require to borrow, as security of the mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum of 30,000l. or upwards, to defray the expenses attendant on the purchase herein-before described, the costs of arbitration, and the conveyance of the aforesaid part of the said undertaking, and of adapting the works, &c. so purchased to the supply of water to the inhabitants of the Dukinfield District:

And whereas the said Local Board of Health have already borrowed, upon security of the rates leviable by them, and for purposes of permanent works, sums amounting in the whole to 37, 110/ .:

And whereas the assessable value of the premises within the aforesaid District of the Dukinfield Local Board of Health amounted, at the time of their petition to me as aforesaid, to the sum of 34, 750/ .; and the amount required to be hereafter borrowed for the purposes already described will, with the sums already borrowed by such Board, exceed one year's assessable value of the premises assessable within the aforesaid District; the said Local Board of Health have, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow, for the purposes herein-before set forth and described, on mortgage of rates leviable by the aforesaid Board, a sum or sums which shall (together with the Amount already [iVo. 17. Price 2d.] E borrowed)

194

Cap. 24. Local Government Supplemental. 29 VICT.

borrowed) not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed:

And whereas* after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan* Esquire* the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose* I am of opinion that the prayer of such petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament: Now* therefore* in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* as aforesaid* I do hereby, by this Provisional Order* under my hand* direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order* —

1. — The Local Board of Health in and for the District of Dukinfield in the County of Chester shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow* for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature for supplying water* or for other purposes* in the exercise of their powers as such Local Board of Health* within such District* and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them as such* a sum or sums which shall not* with the sums already borrowed by them, exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under the Local Government Act* 1858* within the aforesaid District; the aforesaid sum or sums to be repaid* with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Twelfth day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

STROUD.

Provisional Order for extending the Bom owing Powers of the Stroud Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Public Health Act* 1848* has been duly applied to the area comprised within the boundaries of the Town of Stroud in the County of Gloucester* as defined in the second section of the Local Act of 6 Geo. 4. c. 6 .; and under the provisions of the Public Health Supplemental Act* 1857* 20 Vict. cap. 3.* the Commissioners for the time being acting in execution of the said Local Act for paving* lighting* " watching, cleansing* regulating* and improving the town of " Stroud in the county of Gloucester*" were appointed the Local Board of Health* under the said Public Health Act* subject to the provisions in the said last-mentioned Act contained as to the election of members:

And whereas the powers* authorities* and duties of the said Commissioners ceased from and after the passing of the aforesaid Public Health Supplemental Act* 1857* and were transferred to the said Local Board of Health* to be exercised as if they had been granted or imposed by the said Public Health

Act-

1866. Local Government Supplemental. Cap. 24.

Act; and all property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said Local Act were also transferred to the said Local Board of Health, and all debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable or to become payable by such Commissioners were thenceforth to be satisfied by the said Local Board:

-And whereas the said Local Board of Health have received sanction under the Local Government Act, 1858, and the Public Health Act, 1848, to borrow, upon security of the rates of the aforesaid District of Stroud, sums amounting in the whole to Thirteen thousand five hundred pounds to defray the expense of Works for the Drainage of and Supply of Water to the said District, and other Works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts; and, subsequently, a further sum of One thousand six hundred pounds to carry out and complete the said works, and to carry out other works of a permanent nature:

And whereas the said Local Board have duly petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow, upon mortgage of the rates to be levied by them under the said Acts, the sum of 400/. to enable them to defray the additional cost of the said works of Water supply so executed by them as aforesaid; the said sum of 400Z. to be borrowed upon security of the rates authorized to be made and collected under the Public Health Act, 1848, and Local Government Act, 1858, and to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the borrowing thereof:

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows:—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Stroud in the county of Gloucester shall have power and authority to borrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, any sum or sums which shall not exceed in the whole the sum of Four hundred pounds; the said sum or sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Tenth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

MS-

196

29 Vict.

Cap. 24, 25. Local Government Supplemental.

BBIDLINGTON.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Bridlington Local Board {E. R. Yorkshire).

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Bridlington in the East Riding of the County of York have, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, and of the Local Government Act (1858) Amendment Act, 1861, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow a sum or sums altogether not to exceed an amount of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, which will not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises within the District in respect of which such sums may be borrowed, for the construction of a sea wall and promenade, and for other works of a permanent nature:

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board in and for the District of Bridlington in the East Riding of the County of York shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of works of a permanent nature in the exercise of their powers as such Local Board within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them as such, a sum or sums which shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under the Local Government Act, 1858, within the aforesaid District; the aforesaid sum or sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Tenth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer Bills and Bonds.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer 1 Bills and Bonds, and to consolidate the same so amended in One Act

Be

1866.

197

Exchequer Bills and Bonds. Cap. 25.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1, That an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter One, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying-off of Exchequer Bills; so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, as relates to the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills; an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills; an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Five, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Supply Exchequer Bills, and to charge the same on the Consolidated Fund; an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Three, intituled An Act to amend an Act, intituled 6An Act to amend the Laic relating to Supply Exchequer Bills, and to charge the same on the Consolidated Fund, and to repeal all Provisions by which c Authority is given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to fund Exchequer Billsand so much of the following Acts as regulates the Preparation, Issue, and Course of Payment of Exchequer Bonds, viz., of an Act of the Sixteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, intituled An Act for redeeming or commuting the Annuity payable to the South Sea Company, and certain Annuities of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; of an Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-two, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the present Session for redeeming or commuting the Annuity payable to the South Sea Company, and certain Annuities of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to provide for Payments to be made under the said Act; of an Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of an Act of the Twenty-eighth and J Twenty-ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-nine, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-jive, be hereby repealed, save only as to those Provisions in the said Acts by which former Statutes were repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Validity of any Exchequer Bill or Bills, Bond or Bonds, made out in pursuance of any of such Acts, and which shall be outstanding at the Commencement of this Act; but the Holders of such Exchequer Bills and Bonds

It 3 shall

Former Enactments repealed. 48 Gr. 3. c. 1.

4 W. 4. c. 15.

s. 26.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

24 Vict. c. 5.

25 Vict. c. 3.

16 Vict. c. 23.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 132.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 74.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 29.

198

Definition of Terms.

Mode of preparing Exchequer Bills.

Counterfoils.

Cap. 25. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 29 VICT.

shall possess all the Rights provided for in such Acts as fully and effectually as if such Provisions had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

2. In this Act the Treasury99 shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Two or more of them; and " the Bank of England 99 shall mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

3. From and after the Commencement of this Act, all Exchequer Bills which shall be made out and issued under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament shall be prepared and made out at the Bank of England, in such Method and Form, with Coupons for the Interest becoming due from Time to Time thereon for any Term not exceeding Five Years from the Date thereof, and under such Regulations, as the Treasury shall think most safe and convenient; and it shall be lawful for the Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, countersigned by the Comptroller and Auditor General, to cause or direct such Exchequer Bills to be prepared and made out, either of One common Sum, or different Sums, for the Principal Moneys therein contained, and to be respectively numbered arithmetically; and every such Exchequer Bill shall be signed by the Comptroller and Auditor General in his own Name: Provided always, that all Acts relating to Exchequer Bills directed by this Act to be done by the Comptroller and Auditor General shall, in the event of his Illness or Absence from his Office, be done by the Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, but no such Exchequer Bills shall be signed by them and put into Circulation until Notice of their Authority to sign Exchequer Bills under this Act shall have been duly notified in the London Gazette: Provided also, that until the Appointment of the Comptroller and Auditor General in pursuance of an Act of this Session, all Acts relating to Exchequer Bills directed by this Act to be done by him shall be done by the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, or, in the event of his Illness or Absence from his Office, by the Assistant Comptroller.

4. All the said Exchequer Bills shall be prepared and made out with such Counterfoils as shall be directed by the Treasury; and unless otherwise directed by the Treasury, Two Counterfoils shall be made to every such Exchequer Bill; One of such Counterfoils shall remain in the Custody of the Bank of England for their Use, to prevent their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and when the Exchequer Bills shall have been paid off, cancelled, and discharged, and the Account thereof shall have been audited and allowed, it shall be lawful for the Treasury to authorize and direct the Bank of England to burn or otherwise destroy the said Counterfoils, as being of no further Use to the Public Service; the Second of such Counterfoils shall, unless by special Direction of the Treasury, be delivered to and remain in the Custody of the

Comptroller

199

Exchequer Bills and Bonds. Cap. 25.

Comptroller and Auditor General, subject to such Directions as shall be given by the Treasury from Time to Time for keeping, or burning, or otherwise destroying the same.

5. All such Exchequer Bills shall bear Date on such Days and shall bear Interest at such Bate as may from Time to Time be fixed by the Treasury, such Interest not to exceed the Rate of Five Pounds and Ten Shillings 'per Centum per Annum upon and in respect of the Principal Moneys respectively contained therein, and to be payable half-yearly at the Bank of England under such Regulations as shall be prescribed in that respect by the Treasury.

6. It shall be lawful for the Treasury, by Warrant under their Hands, countersigned by the Comptroller and Auditor General, to authorize and direct the Bank of England from Time to Time to issue and deliver such Amount and Number of Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, to such Person or Officer as may be named in such Warrant, and such Person or Officer shall thereafter become chargeable and be charged with such Amount of Exchequer Bills as may be delivered to him, subject to such Directions as may be issued to him by the Treasury for the Sale and Application of the Proceeds of such Exchequer Bills, or for delivering such Bills in exchange for other Bills as herein-after enacted; and such Person or Officer shall be discharged from all Account in respect of such Exchequer Bills on proving to the Satisfaction of the Comptroller and Auditor General that he has duly obeyed the Directions of the Treasury: Provided always, that the Treasury shall not be so authorized to direct the Issue of such Exchequer Bills to such Person or Officer except for the Purpose of raising Money to be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund, or to be exchanged for other Exchequer Bills to be cancelled.

7. The Principal Moneys contained in all such Exchequer Bills, and all Interest due thereupon from Time to Time, shall be charged upon and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof.

8. The Treasury shall, on some Day not later than Ten Days prior to the Expiration of each Twelve Months from the respective Dates of such Exchequer Bills, during their legal Currency, give Notice in the London Gazette o.f the Day or Days on which, if claimed. Payment will be made to the Holders of such Bills of the Principal Moneys therein contained, and of the Day or Days on which such Claim must be made, by Delivery of the said Bills for Examination; and such Payment shall be made to such Holders at the Bank of England under such Regulations as the Treasury shall prescribe; and if Payment of such Principal Moneys shall not be so claimed, then the Exchequer Bills not so paid off shall continue to have legal Currency for the next following Twelve

Months,

Date and Rate of Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Mode of Issue of Exchequer Bills.

Exchequer Bills to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. Exchequer Bills to be advertised for Payment annually.

Exchequer Bills to be current^for Duties payable to Her Majesty.

Interest on Exchequer Bills paid for Revenue.

When such Bills are paid in, Parties to write their Names and Date thereon.

Cap. 25. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 29 VICT.

Months, and so on from Year to Year until such Principal Moneys shall be claimed by and paid to such Holders, or until such Exchequer Bill, the Coupons of which shall be exhausted, shall be exchanged for new Bills as herein-after provided; but such Holders shall have no Title to claim Payment of such Principal Moneys at any Interval of Time between the Times fixed by such yearly Notices, except as provided in Section Nine of this Act.

9. At any Time in the last Six Months of every Year from the Day of the Date thereof in which Exchequer Bills shall have Currency by Law, such Exchequer Bills shall be received and taken, and shall pass and be current for the Principal Moneys contained therein, to all the Receivers and Collectors in the United Kingdom of the Customs, Excise, or any Duties or Revenue whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted, due, or payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England on account of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, and so on from Year to Year during the last Six Months of every Year in which such Exchequer Bills shall have Currency by Law, as provided in Section Eight of this Act; but such Exchequer Bills shall not be receivable for Duties granted to Her Majesty at any Time or Times except during such last Six Months of every such Year: Provided always, that all such Exchequer Bills as shall be tendered in Payment of Duties, by virtue of this Act, shall be transmitted by the Receivers thereof to the Bank of England for Examination; and no such Exchequer Bills shall be finally accepted in Payment of such Duties, until they shall have been so examined and verified by the said Bank of England.

10. The Interest which shall from Time to Time be due upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills which may be payable in part of any Duties granted to Her Majesty, shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, paying the same to any Receiver or Collector of any Duties granted to Her Majesty, to the respective Days upon which such Bill or Bills shall be so paid: Provided always, that all Interest upon or for any such Bill or Bills so paid into the Hands of any of the said Receivers or Collectors, or into the Bank of England on account of the Exchequer, shall cease on and from the Day of such Payment.

11. And to the End it may be known for what Time such Bills bearing Interest shall, from Time to Time, remain in the Hands of such Receivers or Collectors, or in the Bank of England on account of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Bill or Bills so bearing Interest to any Receiver or Collector of any Duties granted

Hosted to

201

1866. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. Cap. 25.

to Her Majesty, or into the Bank of England on account of the Exchequer, shall, at the Time of making such Payment, write upon each such Bill his, her, or their Name or Names, and the Day of the Month, in Words at Length, and the Year in which such Bill or Bills bearing Interest shall be so paid, all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the proper Officers of the Bank of England, shall take care to see done and performed accordingly; to which respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest which he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the same into the Bank of England on account of the Exchequer.

12. Whenever Payment of the Principal Moneys of any Power of Trea-

such Exchequer Bills shall be claimed and shall be paid to any ^7 inHeiT Holder thereof, and whenever any such Exchequer Bills shall of Bills paid be paid in for Duties granted to Her Majesty, under the off in Money Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Treasury to in for

order the Preparation and Issue of a like Amount of Exchequer Bills in place of the Exchequer Bills so paid off and so paid in for Duties: Provided always, that no Exchequer Bills shall be so prepared and issued in place of such Exchequer Bills so paid off and so paid in for Duties at any Period after the Expiration of the Financial Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March, during which any such Exchequer Bills shall be paid off or paid in for Duties.

13. Whenever any such Exchequer Bills issued under the Power to Trea-Authority of any Act or Acts shall remain outstanding and Exche^er undischarged, all the Coupons of which issued therewith for Bills, to replace the Interest due thereon shall have become payable, it shall be other Exche-lawful for the Treasury from Time to Time to order the ^xS^tedCou-Preparation and Issue of a like Amount of Exchequer Bills, p0Ils<

with Coupons for the half-yearly Interest becoming due from Time to Time thereon, for any Term not exceeding Five Years from the Date thereof, in exchange for and to replace such Exchequer Bills with exhausted Coupons; and the Treasury shall, on some Day not later than Twenty-one Days prior to the Day on which the last half-yearly Coupons for Interest on such Bills shall become due, give Notice in the London Gazette of the Days on which such Exchequer Bills with exhausted Coupons may be brought in to be exchanged for new Bills with Coupons for the half-yearly Interest becoming due thereon, and of the Day or Days on which such new Bills will be delivered in exchange; provided that if such Bills advertised for Exchange shall not be brought in for Exchange within the Period stated in the Notice (or for Payment as herein-before provided), the Interest on such Bills shall cease on the Day of Exchange, and the Principal Moneys of such Bills, when thereafter presented for Payment, shall be paid off in Money.

14. In case any of such Exchequer Bills shall by any Exchequer Accident be defaced, it shall be lawful for the Treasury, from ^eexctoged

Time for new Bills. Hosted

202

Penalty for forging or counterfeiting Exchequer Bills.

Provision in case of Loss, &c. by Casualty or Mischance, of Exchequer Bills.

Cap. 25. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 29 VICT.

Time to Time, to cause a new Bill or new Bills to be made out in lieu of the Bill or Bills which shall be so defaced, which Bill or Bills so defaced shall be cancelled; and such Bill or Bills so to be made out in lieu thereof shall have a like Currency, and shall in all respects be subject to the same Buies and Continuance as the Bill or Bills so defaced, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and Principal Sums, and carry the like Interest, as was borne and carried by the Bill or Bills so cancelled respectively.

15. If any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any such Exchequer Bill or Coupon for Interest, or any Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money or for another Exchequer Bill, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeited, and with Intent to defraud Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or the Persons to be appointed to pay off the same, or any of them, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall contract or circulate or exchange the same, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer accordingly.

16. In case Proof shall be made on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Lord Chief Baron and other the Barons of the Coif of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any such Exchequer Bill has, by Casualty or Mischance, been lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the same shall have been paid off and discharged, and if by such Oath or Oaths the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall be ascertained, and the said Chief Baron and other the said Barons, or any of them, before whom such Oath or Oaths shall be made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied with such Proof, then and in every such Case the Treasury are hereby authorized to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so lost, burnt, or destroyed to be paid in like Manner as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off; provided that the Person or Persons so receiving the Money do give Security to the Queen, to the good liking of the Person or Persons appointed or who shall be appointed as aforesaid to pay off and take in the said Bills, to pay in to the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, so much Money as

shall

203

Exchequer Bills and Bonds. Cap. 25.

shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt, or destroyed shall be thereafter produced.

17. As often as any Interest upon any such Exchequer Bill or Bills shall be demanded to be paid, the Persons charged with the Payment of the same shall not be obliged to pay for such Interest any less Sum than One Penny upon such Bill, in case a single Bill be produced, or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills, where Two or more shall be offered at One Time by the same Person.

18. The Bank of England, or such Person or Persons as the Treasury shall direct, shall cause to be provided such Paper and such Machinery as may be necessary for the making of Paper to be used as such Exchequer Bills, and to receive the Impression of the Dies, Plates, or other Instruments which have been or shall be provided, made, or used under the Direction of the Treasury, for Exchequer Bills, which Paper shall have such distinguishing Marks in the Substance of the same as the Treasury shall from Time to Time order; and it shall be lawful for the Treasury from Time to Time, as they shall see fit, to direct the Alteration of any such distinguishing Marks, either by the Removal of any of them, and the Substitution of other distinguishing Marks, or by any Change in the Position or Arrangement thereof; and all such Machinery shall be provided, and all such Paper shall be made, under such Regulations and by such Person or Persons as the said Bank of England or other Person or Persons directed by the Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; and all the said Machinery shall be kept by such Officer or Officers or other Person as the said Bank of England or other Person or Persons directed by the Treasury shall appoint; and all the Paper so made shall, as the same is required, be delivered over to the Bank of England, or to such Officer or Warehouse Keeper as they shall direct to receive and take charge of the same.

19. And whereas certain Quantities of Paper have been ' made and manufactured, under the Superintendence of f Officers of the Inland Revenue, by Directions of the Comp-c troller General of the Exchequer and the Treasury, and have been supplied to the said Comptroller General, with certain

Lines or Threads appearing in the Substance of such Paper, ' according to the Samples thereof which were delivered to and kept in the Office of the Comptroller General Be it enacted, That all the Paper so made and supplied, or which hereafter shall be made or supplied, shall be subject to all the Enactments of this Act in the same Manner as if the same had been made and supplied under the Enactments herein contained.

20. Every Person who shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall aid or assist in making, or shall knowingly have in his Possession, not being legally authorized by the

Treasury,

Fractions of a Penny for Interest not payable.

Manufacture of Paper for Exchequer Bills.

As to present Contracts.

Penalty for manufacturing or using Paper, Plates, &c.

intended to imitate those used for Exchequer Bills,

Persons unlawfully in possession of such Paper, Plates, &c. guilty of Misdemeanor.

Power of Treasury to cause Principal and Interest of Bills to be paid off.

Exchequer Bills discharged to be cancelled.

Cap. 25. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 29 VICT.

Treasury, and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused), any Instrument having therein any distinguishing Marks peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of any Paper provided or to be provided or used for Exchequer Bills, or any Machinery for working such distinguishing Marks into the Substance of any Paper, and intended to imitate such distinguishing Marks, or any Plate peculiarly employed for printing Exchequer Bills, or any Die peculiarly used for preparing any such Plate, or for sealing such Exchequer Bills, or any Plate or Die intended to imitate such Plates or Dies respectively; and also every Person, except as before excepted, who shall make or cause or procure to be made, or aid or assist in making, any Paper in the Substance of which shall appear any distinguishing Marks peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of any Paper provided or to be provided or used for Exchequer Bills, or any Part of such distinguishing Marks, and intended to imitate the same; and also every Person, except as before excepted, who shall knowingly haveTn his Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused), any Paper whatever, in the Substance whereof shall appear any such distinguishing Marks, or any Part of such distinguishing Marks, and intended to imitate the same; and also every Person, except as before excepted, who shall cause or assist in causing any such distinguishing Marks, or any Part of such distinguishing Marks, and intended to imitate the same, to appear in the Substance of any Paper whatever, or who shall take or assist in taking any Impression of any such Plate or Die as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony.

21. Every Person not lawfully authorized, and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused), who shall purchase, or receive, or take, and have in his Custody, any Paper manufactured and provided by or under the Directions of the Treasury, for the Purpose of being used as Exchequer Bills, before such Paper shall have been duly stamped, signed, and issued for public Use, or any such Plate or Die as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall, at the Discretion of the Court before whom he shall be tried, be imprisoned for any Period not more than Three Years nor less than Six Calendar Months.

22. It shall be lawful for the Treasury at any Time or Times to give Directions for paying off and discharging the Principal of any Exchequer Bills which may be issued in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, and the Interest thereon due and payable at the Bank of England, at such Time and in such Manner as to them shall seem most convenient and beneficial to the Public Service.

23. All Exchequer Bills which from Time to Time shall be discharged and paid off, shall be cancelled and made void at the Bank of England by such Person or Persons who shall be appointed to pay off and discharge the same.

24. All

Exchequer Bills and Bonds. -Cap. 25. 205

24. All Exchequer Bills formerly charged by any Act or Old outstanding Acts on Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, or Bu^cha^ upon the Consolidated Fund, and which shall be outstanding 0n Consol?-6 after the passing of this Act, and the Interest thereon, shall be dated Fund, charged upon and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof.

25. All the Provisions and Penalties of this Act contained Certain Provi-in Sections Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven, Twelve, Thirteen, ^Ttoextend Fourteen, Fifteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, Nineteen, to all outstand-Twenty, Twenty-one, Twenty-two, and Twenty-three, shall be mg Exchequer applied and extended to such Exchequer Bills made out and *Bllls* issued in pursuance of any former Act or Acts as shall remain outstanding after the Commencement of this Act.

26. The several Sections Three, Four, Five, Six, Fourteen, Certain Pro-Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty- visions of this one, Twenty-two, Twenty-three, and Twenty-four of this Act, to^ll Ex^he-applicable to Exchequer Bills, shall apply and be construed quer Bonds, to and in relation to all Exchequer Bonds to be made out and

issued from and after the Commencement of this Act, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, as well as to such Exchequer Bonds made out and issued in pursuance of any former Act or Acts, as shall remain outstanding after the Commencement of this Act, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such several Sections had been particularly repeated and enacted in this Act in relation to such Exchequer Bonds: Provided always, that such Exchequer Bonds may be made out and issued from and after the Commencement of this Act with Coupons for the Interest becoming due thereon from Time to Time for any Term not exceeding Six Years from the Date thereof.

27. It shall be lawful for the Treasury from Time to Time, Permissive by Warrant under their Hands, to provide, if they shall see Registration fit, for the Registration of any such Exchequer Bonds as may Bonds. be delivered up by the Holders thereof for that Purpose, and for the Delivery of Certificates of such Registration in lieu thereof, which shall be transferable by Entries in a Register which may be provided for that Purpose, in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the Treasury may see fit; and every such Warrant shall from Time to Time be published in the London Gazette.

28. And whereas, in pursuance of the said recited Acts of Interest of the Sixteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, Exchequer

and of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Ma- 23.

jesty. Chapter One hundred and thirty-two. Exchequer Bonds to he paid c to the Amount of Four hundred and eighteen thousand three until the J are hundred Pounds were made out and issued, and are still re eemed *

(outstanding, with Coupons for Interest at the Rate of Two c Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum payable half-

206

Payment to the Bank of England for Management.

Powers in former Acts of advancing Sums on Credit of Exchequer Bills and Bonds continued to Bank of England.

[Commencement of Act.]

Cap. 25. Exchequer Bills and Bonds. 29 VICT.

yearly until and including the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and thereafter are subject to Redemption on Payment of the Principal Sum

contained in each Bond, at the Option of the Treasury, so c soon as Parliament shall have made due Provision in respect thereof, and until such Redemption such Principal Sums will continue to carry Interest at the said Rate of Two Pounds ' Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Be it therefore further enacted, That until Parliament shall have made such Provision, and such Exchequer Bonds shall be redeemed in exercise of such Option as aforesaid, the Interest thereon shall, after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, continue to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund at the said Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on the same half-yearly Days and in the same Manner as before; and it shall be lawful for the Treasury to direct the Preparation and Issue of a like Amount of Exchequer Bonds, with Coupons for the half-yearly Interest due thereon, for any Term not exceeding Six Years from the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, in exchange for and to replace such Exchequer Bonds with exhausted Coupons.

29. There shall be paid to the Bank of England, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof, for the Management of the unredeemed Public Debt in Exchequer Bills and Exchequer Bonds, for the Year commencing on the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, an Allowance at the Rate of One hundred Pounds for every Million of such Exchequer Bills and Bonds outstanding on that Day; and such Payment shall be made on the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and the Allowance for Management of such Exchequer Bills and Bonds shall be computed and paid in like Manner in every succeeding Year, until Parliament shall otherwise direct.

30. It shall be lawful for the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills or Bonds made out and issued in pursuance of any former Act or Acts, or to be made out and issued in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills and Bonds, anything contained in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

31. This Act shall commence and take effect on and from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

1866. Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland). Cap. 26.

207

10 & 11 Vict.

c. 32.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 52.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to secure the Repayment of Public Moneys advanced for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands and other like Objects in Ireland.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of a certain Act of 5 & 6 Vict. f the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her c-89,

Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, being an Act to promote the Drainage of Land and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage in Ireland '

Q and certain Acts amending the same, and of a certain other ' Act of the Session held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years

of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-two, being an Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and of the several Acts amending and extending the Provisions of the said Acts respectively; and under and by virtue of a & 27 Vict,

e certain Act, being the " Drainage and Improvement of Lands c* 88# c Act (Ireland), 1863," and certain other Acts of the Session 27 & 28 Vict e of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her c* 72' Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, and of the Session of the ' Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of Her Majesty,

Chapter Fifty-two, for amending the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act; and under and by virtue of a certain Act of the Session of the Ninth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter c Three, being an Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries of f Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public

Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works, and the Acts amending the same. Provision is made for the Advance of Public Moneys for the Drainage and

Improvement of Lands and Estates, and to aid in the ' Construction of Public Works in Ireland, and for the e securing all such Advances by charging the same on the ' Lands, Estates, and Interests of Proprietors and others, and ' in priority to other Charges and Incumbrances, as in the said several Acts is particularly provided; and by certain of the said Acts it is enacted that such Charges should have Priority from the Registration in the Registry of Deeds ' Office of Ireland of certain Orders of the Commissioners of

Public Works in Ireland thereby directed to be so registered: And whereas divers Sums of Public Moneys have been already advanced for such Purposes, and on such Security,

and it is intended that further Sums will be hereafter f advanced for the like Purposes and upon the like Security:

And whereas Acts of Parliament may be hereafter passed

providing for the Advances of Public Moneys for the like

and other Purposes, and on the like Security:

f And whereas in the Session of the Twenty-eighth and 28 & 2^ Vict f Twenty-ninth Years of Her Majesty an Act was passed, c'88, c called the " Record of Title Act (Ireland), 1865," and thereby

S 2 Provision

208

All Public Moneys advanced to be charged and chargeable as if28 & 29 Vict. c. 88. had not been passed.

Cap. 26. Drainage and Improvement of Lands [Ireland). 29 VICT.

Provision is made for the recording of Titles to Lands sold and conveyed or the Title to which may be declared by the ' Landed Estates Court in Ireland; and it is thereby enacted (that* subject as therein mentioned* the recorded Owner for ' the Time being shall be and be deemed to be absolutely and indefeasibly possessed of and entitled to such recorded Estate ' against all Persons* and free from all Rights, Interests,

4 Claims, and Demands whatsoever, including any Estate, c Claim, or Interest of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Succes-c sors; provided always, that nothing therein contained should prejudice or affect any Rentcharge in lieu of Tithe, or any c Crown Rent or Quit Rent to the Crown, or any Charge f imposed before the Day of the passing of that Act under any e Public Act or Acts for promoting Drainage or Land Improvement in Ireland; and it is also thereby enacted, that the Provisions of the several Acts of Parliament then in force relating to the Registry of Deeds in Ireland should cease to be applicable to any Land when placed on the c Record under the Provisions of that Act, and so long as it remains thereon:

And whereas it is apprehended that the Provisions of the said " Record of Title Act" will operate to extinguish or endanger and postpone in many Instances Charges created to c secure the Repayment of Public Moneys advanced under the said Acts when such Moneys may have been or may be 6 advanced after the passing of the said " Record of Title Act" c and otherwise; and Difficulties have arisen and may arise as to the Registration of such Orders as aforesaid, when such Orders may have been or may be made with respect c to Lands, the Title to which has been or may hereafter be recorded; and it is expedient fully to provide for the Repayment of Public Money advanced for the Improvement of Lands and other the like Objects, and for that Purpose to c amend the Sixty-second Section of the Act of the Session held in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, being an Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of c Land in Ireland

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That in all Cases where Public Moneys have been or may hereafter be advanced under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, or by virtue of any Act which may be hereafter passed for the like Purpose, the said Moneys so advanced shall be charged and chargeable on all Lands and Estates, and Interest in Lands, and on all Persons and Bodies whatsoever, in the same Manner and in the same Priority, and shall be recoverable by the same Means in all respects, as if the said " Record of Title Act [Ireland), 1865," had not been passed.

2. Every

1866. Drainage and Improvement of Lands (/.) Cap. 26, 27, 28.

2. Every Order made or to be made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and by any of the said Acts directed to be registered in the Registry of Deeds Office in Ireland, shall be registered in the said Office, although such Order affect or purport to affect Lands in Ireland the Title of which may be recorded under the said "Record of Title Act; '9 and every such Order shall be also registered in the Record of Title Office as against any Lands recorded therein, and affected or purporting to be affected by such Order.

3. The Sixty-second Section of the said Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Land in Ireland shall apply to and include all Charges made or to be made by virtue of any Act authorizing the Advance of Public Money upon the Security of Lands in Ireland.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend The Dockyard Extensions Act, 1865.

[18th May 1866.]

]Q E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, The Dockyard Extensions Act, 1865, shall be construed as if the Date of the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six had been inserted in Section One of that Act instead of the Date of the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

2. The said Act and this Act may be cited as The Dockyard Extensions Acts, 1865 and 1866.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make Advances towards the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS by " The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act, 1851," Powers were vested in certain Local c Authorities for the Purpose of facilitating the Erection of 6 Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes:

And whereas it is desirable that further Provision should be e made for facilitating and encouraging the Erection of Dwel-c lings for the Labouring Classes in populous Places \

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, This Act may be cited as " The Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1866."

S3 2. This

209

Orders to be registered though affecting Lands recorded under 28 & 29 Vict. c. 88.

Sect. 62. of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 72. to apply to all Charges, &c.

Sect. 1. of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 51. construed as if 30th June had been inserted instead of 31st March. Short Titles.

[Short Title.]

210

Act incorporated -with 34 & 15 Vict. c. 34.

Application of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 80. to this Act.

Authorities and Persons to whom Loans may be made.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 121.

Objects of Loans.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with and shall be taken as Part of "The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act, 1851," and the Two Acts shall be read and construed together as if they were One Act.

3. All the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in and conferred and imposed by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty (Public Works and Harbours Act), and the Acts therein referred to, or any of them, so far as the same can be made applicable and are not varied by this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, and as if the same were herein repeated and set forth.

4. For the Purpose herein-after mentioned, the Public Works Loan Commissioners, as defined by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, may out of the Funds for the Time being at their Disposal from Time to Time advance on Loan to any such Local or other Authority as herein-after mentioned, namely,

Any Council, Board, or Commissioners authorized to carry into execution cc The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act, 1851

Any Local or other Authority invested with Powers of Town or Local Government and Rating under any Public General or any Local Act, by whatever Name such Local or other Authority may be called;

Any Local Authority acting under the cc Nuisances Removal Act, 1855/' or any Act or Acts amending the same; or to any such Body or Proprietor as herein-after mentioned, namely,

Any Railway Company, or Dock or Harbour Company, or any other Company, Society, or Association established for the Purposes of this Act or for trading or manufacturing Purposes;

Any private Person entitled to any Land for an Estate in Fee Simple, or for any Term of Years absolute, whereof not less than Fifty Years shall for the Time being remain unexpired;

And any such Local or other Authority, or any such Body or Proprietor, may from Time to Time borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners such Money as may be required for the Purpose of this Act, subject and according to the following Provisions;

1. Such Advance on Loan shall be made for the Purpose of assisting in the Purchase of Land and Buildings, or in the Erection, Alteration, and Adaptation of Buildings to be used as Dwellings for the Labouring Classes, and in providing all Conveniences which may be deemed proper in connexion with such Dwellings:

2. Any

1866. Labouring Classes Dwellings. Cap. 28. 211

2. Any such Advance may be made whether the Local or

other Authority or Body or Proprietor receiving the same has or has not Power to borrow on Mortgage or otherwise, independently of this Act; but nothing in this Act contained shall repeal or alter any Regulation, statutory or otherwise, whereby any Company may be restricted from borrowing until a definite Portion of Capital is subscribed for, taken, or paid up:

3. No Sum shall be advanced without the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the borrowing thereof, signified by some Writing under the Hand of One of their Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries:

4. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Rules and

Majesty's Treasury to make such Rules and Regula- Regulations.

tions as they shall from Time to Time think proper

with respect to Applications for Advances under this Act, and the Terms and Conditions upon which such Advances are to be made, and to issue such

Instructions and Forms as they may think proper

for the Guidance of and Observance by Persons

applying for or receiving Loans, or executing Works,

or rendering Accounts of Monies expended under this Act; or regarding the Class of Dwellings towards

the providing of which such Loans may be made,

and the Adaptation thereof to the Purposes intended,

and as to the Mode of providing for their Maintenance,

Repair, and Insurance:

5. The Period for the Repayment of the Sums advanced Currency of

shall not exceed Forty Years: Loans.

6. The Repayment of the Money advanced, with Interest

thereon at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, but not at a less Rate than Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be secured as follows; namely, in the Case of an Advance to any such Local or other Authority as aforesaid, either by a Mortgage solely of the Rates leviable by such Authority, or by such other Mortgage as herein-after mentioned, or by both; and in any other Case by a Mortgage of the Estate or Interest of any such Local or other Authority, or of any such Body or Proprietor as aforesaid, in the Land or Dwellings for the Purposes of which the Advance is made; and in the Case of an Advance to a Company any Part of whose Capital remains uncalled up or unpaid, by a Mortgage also of all Capital so remaining uncalled up or unpaid; and any such Mortgage as aforesaid may be taken either alone or together with any other Security which may be agreed upon; but it shall not be incumbent on the Public Works Loan Commissioners to require any other Security:

7. No

212

Incorporation of 8 & 9 Vict. cc. 18. and 19. with this Act.

Incorporation of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. with this Act.

7. No Money shall be advanced on Mortgage of any Land

or Dwellings solely, unless the Estate therein proposed to be mortgaged shall be either an Estate in Fee Simple or an Estate for a Term of Years absolute, whereof not less than Fifty Years shall be unexpired at the Date of the Advance:

8. The Money advanced on the Security of a Mortgage of

any Land or Dwellings solely shall not exceed One Moiety of the Value, to be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, of the Estate or Interest in such Land or Dwellings proposed to be mortgaged; but Advances may be made by Instalments from Time to Time as the building of the Dwellings on the Land mortgaged progresses, so that the total Advance do not at any Time exceed the Amount aforesaid; and a Mortgage may be accordingly made to secure such Advances so to be made from Time to Time:

9. For the Purposes of this Act every such Local or other

Authority or Body as aforesaid is hereby authorized to purchase, take, and hold Land, and if not already a Body Corporate shall, for the Purpose of holding such Land under this Act, and of suing and being sued in respect thereof, be nevertheless deemed a Body Corporate with perpetual Succession.

5. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, L845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and any Act amending the same, except the Clauses in the said Acts respectively with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act, and for the Purposes of those Acts this Act shall be deemed the Special Act; and any such Local or other Authority or Body or Proprietor as aforesaid exercising the Powers of this Act shall be deemed the Promoters of the Undertaking.

6. The Clauses of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, except so far as the same may be inconsistent with the Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty, or of any of the Acts therein recited, shall be incorporated with this Act; and in the Construction of this Act and of the said incorporated Clauses this Act shall be deemed the Special Act; and the Local or other Authority, or the Body or Proprietor, to whom the Loan is made, shall be deemed to be the Commissioners; but the said incorporated Clauses shall not, so far as they prescribe the Manner of executing Mortgages, or so far as they require a Register to be kept of Mortgages, or Transfers of Mortgages, apply to any Mortgage made under this Act by any Proprietor being a private Person; and all Mortgages executed by any Proprietor being a private Person shall be executed in the usual Manner.

7. Every

1866.

Labouring Classes Dwellings. Cap. 28, 29.

213

7. Every Mortgage under this Act shall confer on the Special Powers Mortgagee thereunder for the Time being all the Rights* Powers* of Mortgagees, and Privileges conferred on Mortgagees by Part II. of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty* Chapter One hundred and forty-five* intituled An Act to give to Trustees* Mortgagees* and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements* Mortgages* and Wills; and any such Mortgage may confer on the Mortgagee such further Powers of Sale and other Powers* and may also contain all such Covenants and Provisions* as may be agreed upon; and nothing contained in this Act or in any Clauses incorporated in the "Labouring Classes Lodging Houses Act* 1851," or in this Act* shall be deemed to limit or prevent the Enforcement of any Rights or Remedies which* at Law or in Equity or by. Statute* may be otherwise incidental to any such Mortgage* either under the Acts relating to the Public Works Loan Commissioners* or otherwise.

8. Any Railway Company* or Dock or Harbour Company, Powers to or any other Company* Society, or Association* established Companies-for trading or manufacturing Purposes in the course of whose Business or in the Discharge of whose Duties Persons of the Labouring Class are employed* may and are hereby (notwithstanding any Act of Parliament* or Charter* or any Rule of

Law or Equity to the contrary,) authorized at any Time or from Time to Time to erect* either on their own Land or.on any other Land (which they are hereby authorized to purchase and hold for the Purpose* and to pay for out of any Funds at their Disposal)* Dwellings for the Accommodation of all or any of the Persons of the Labouring Class employed by them* and shall have all the like Powers of borrowing and other Powers which are herein-before conferred on any such Body or Proprietor as herein-before mentioned.

9. All Rules and Regulations made by the Lords Commis- Pules to be

sioners of the Treasury under the Provisions of this Act shall laid before be laid before Parliament. Parliament.

10. This Act shall not extend to Ireland. Extent of Act.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have* in pursuance of "The Acts for the In-

"closure* Exchange, and Improvement of Land*" issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures

mentioned in the Schedule to this Act* and have in their

Twenty-first Annual General Report certified their Opinion

that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be

Inclosure.

Inclosures in Schedule may he proceeded *with.

[Short Title.]

Power for Board of Trade to authorize Suspension of Sinking Fund, &c. under certain Harbour Acts.

24 & 25 Vict c. 47.

Cap. 29, 30.

29 VICT.

be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parlia raent Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression f£ The Annual Inclosure Act, 1866/' or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Walsall Wood - Stafford - 18th May 1865.

Batliford and Warleigh - Somerset 15th June 1865.

Charing and Lenham Kent - 15th June 1865.

Preston Candover Southampton - - 25th May 1865.

Warm well Dorset 6th July 1865.

Ellergill High Cowbound Westmorland 3d August 1865.

Chillington Somerset 17th August 1865.

Coaley - Gloucester - 15th June 1865.

Cam - Gloucester- 15th June 1865.

Minsterworth (No. 2.) - Gloucester - 22d December 1865.

Southey Southampton 25th May 1865.

Hill Gloucester - 9th January 1866.

Lockton York - 20th December 1865.

Maisemore Gloucester - 9th January 1866.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861.

[18th May 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where under The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, any Loan has been or is about to be made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to a Harbour Authority having borrowing Powers under a Special Act by which the Extinguishment of any Debt of the Harbour Authority by means of annual Payments of a prescribed Amount or within a prescribed Time is required, and the Board of Trade, on the Application of the Harbour Authority, are satisfied that by virtue of the Provision made or about to be made for Repayment

within

1866.

Harbour Loans

215

Cap. 30, 31.

within a certain Time of any such Loan or Loans from the Public Works Loan Commissioners there will be extinguished an Amount of Debt of the Harbour Authority not less than that which would in the same Time be extinguished under the Provisions of the Special Act, and the Board of Trade thereupon certify in Writing to the effect that it is expedient that the Operation of the Provisions of the Special Act relative to the Extinguishment of Debt, or such of them as are referred to in the Certificate, should as from a Time therein specified, and subject to any Conditions therein expressed, be suspended during the Period or Periods for Repayment of such Loan or Loans to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Operation of those Provisions shall be and the same is by virtue of this Act and of the Certificate suspended accordingly.

2. Any Money borrowed from the Public Works Loan Restriction on Commissioners to which any Certificate of the Board of Trade reborrowing. under this Act relates, when paid off, shall not be reborrowed.

[Short Title.]

3. This Act may be cited as The Harbour Loans Act, 1866.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Vestries and other Boards within the Area of the Metropolis Local Management Act,

[18th May 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made c to enable Superannuation Allowances to be granted to ' Officers of Vestries of any Parish and District Boards of any c District and of other Parochial Bodies within the Metropolis who become disabled by Infirmity or Age to discharge the Duties of their Offices

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Vestry of any Parish and District Board of any District or any other Parochial Body within the Metropolis, and also the Metropolitan Board of Works, may, at their Discretion, grant to any Officer in their respective Services, incluchngffioChairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, 'who^smdlTecomeThcapable of discharging the Duties of his Office with Efficiency by reason of permanent Infirmity of Mind or Body, or of old Age, upon his resigning or otherwise ceasing to hold his Office, an annual Allowance not exceeding in any Case, Two Thirds of his then Salary, regard being had to the Scale 'of^Affowances'^ite^ and shall

charge such Allowance to the Fund or Funds to which such Salary would have been charged if he had continued in his Office: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained

shall

Vestries, District Boards, and Metropolitan Board of Works may grant Superannuation Allowances to Officers in certain Cases.

Allowances not to be assignable for Debts, &c.

Limitation of Grant of Allowances.

Scale of Allowances.

Power to increase Allowance.

Power to grant Gratuities in case of Retirement before entitled to Superannuation Allowance.

Cap. 31. Superannuations (Officers, Metro. Vestries, , fyc. c.) 29 VICT.

shall affect the Powers contained in the Two hundred and thirteenth Section of The Metropolis Management Act, 1855."

2. This Allowance shall be payable to or in trust for such Officer only, and shall not be assignable for nor chargeable with his Debts or other Liabilities without the Consent in Writing of the Vestry, District Board, Metropolitan Board of Works, or other Parochial Body.

3. No Officer shall be entitled to such Allowance on the Ground of old Age who shall not have completed the full Age of Sixty Years.

4'SSbject to the Provisions herein contained, the Allowance to be granted after the Commencement of this Act to Persons who shall have served in an established Capacity as Officers as aforesaid, whether their Remuneration be computed by weekly Wages, Poundage, or Percentage on Collection of Rates, or annual Salary, shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

To any Person who shall have serve d^Tgn Years and upwards, and under Eleven Years, an anhum^SlIowance of Ten Sixtieths of the Salary and Emoluments of his Office;

And in like Manner an Addition of One Sixtieth in respect of each additional Year of such Service until the Completion of a Period of Service of Forty Years, when the annual Allowance of Forty Sixtieths may be granted; and no addition shall be made in respect of any Service beyond Forty Years; but in computing the Time of an Officer's Service any Period during which such Officer shall have been in the Service of a Vestry, Board of Trustees, or other Parochial Board of the same Parish superseded by " The Metropolis Management Act, 1855," or of any Parish comprised in the District Board granting such Allowance, shall be included.

5. When for the due and efficient Discharge of the Duties of any Office professional or other peculiar Qualifications not ordinarily to be acquired in the Vestry or Board's Service are required, and any Person having such Qualifications shall have been or may be appointed thereto beyond the Age of Thirty Years, any Vestry or Board may, by Order, direct that when any Person now holding or who may hereafter be appointed to such Office shall retire from their Service, a Number of Years, not exceeding Ten, to be specified in the said Order, shall, in computing the Amount of Superannuation Allowance which may be granted to him under this Act, be added to the Number of Years during which he may have actually served.

6. Any Vestry or Board or other Parochial Body may grant to any Person who is compelled to quit their Service by reason of severe bodily Injury occasioned, without his own Default, in the Discharge of his public Duty, or from Infirmity of Mind or Body, before the Completion of the Period which would entitle him to a Superannuation Allowance, a Gratuity not exceeding Three Months Pay for every Two Years of Service.

7. No

1866. Superannuations (Officers, Metro. Vestries, §*c.) Cap. 31, 32. 217

7. No Grant shall be made without One Month's previous Notice of Grant Notice, to be specially given in Writing to every Member of to be given, the Vestry or District Board, of the Proposal to make such

Grant, and the Time when it shall be brought forward.

8. In the Construction of this Act the Term " Metropolis " Interpretation shall have the same Interpretation as in the Metropolis Manage- of Terms* ment Act, 1855, and Metropolis Management Amendment

Act, 1862; the Words " other Parochial Body" shall mean all Trustees, Overseers, and others who make the several Hates for the Purposes of the Vestry or the District Board of any District.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act further to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

[11th June 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Act passed in the Session of Parlia- c ment holden in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to c amend the Laws relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes 6 in England, it is by the Thirty-second Section enacted, a that

" the Court may, on pronouncing any Decree for a Disso-c " lution of Marriage, order that the Husband shall to the

Satisfaction of the Court secure to the Wife such gross or c annual Sum of Money as to the Court may seem reasonable, f Cf and for that "Purpose may refer it to One of the Conveyancing

Counsel of the Court of Chancery to settle and approve of

a proper Deed to be executed by all necessary Parties

And whereas it sometimes happens that a Decree for a Dis-c solution of Marriage is obtained against a Husband who has no Property on which the Payment of any such gross or f annual Sum can be secured, but nevertheless he would be c able to make a monthly or weekly Payment to the Wife during their joint Lives

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In every such Case it shall be lawful for the Court to make an Order on the Husband for Payment to the Wife during their jointLives of such monthly or weekly^Sums for her Maintenance^and Support as the Court mayTJnnk Reasonable: Provided always, that if the Husband shall afterwards from any Cause become unable to make such Payments it shall be lawful for the Court to discharge or modify the Order, or temporarily to suspend the same as to the whole or any Part of the Money so ordered to be paid, and again to revive the same Order, wholly or in part, as to the Court may seem fit.

2. In any Suit instituted for Dissolution of Marriage, ' if the Respondent shall oppose the Relief sought on the Ground in

20 & 21 Vict.

c. 85.

Power to order monthly or weekly Payments to Wife from Husband on Dissolution of Marriage.

In Cases of Opposition on certain Grounds.

218

Decree Nisi not absolute till after 6 Months.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 133.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 32, 33. Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. 29 VICT.

case of such a Suit instituted by a Husband of his Adultery* Cruelty, or Desertion, or in case of such a Suit instituted by a Wife on the Ground of her Adultery or Cruelty, the Court may in such Suit give to the Respondent, on his or her Application, the same Relief to which he or she would have been entitled in case he or she bad filed a Petition seeking such Relief.

3. No Decree Nisi for a Divorce shall be made absolute until after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the pronouncing thereof, unless the Court shall under the Power now vested in it fix a shorter Time.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." [11th June 1866.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and

Wales have, in pursuance of "The Land Drainage Act, c 1861," duly made the Provisional Order contained in the c Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is by the said Act provided that no such Order shall be of any Validity whatever until such Order shall have been confirmed by Parliament,

and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hen by confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shal be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect'as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as cs The Land Drainage Supplemental Act, 1866."

SCHEDULE to which, this Act refers.

In the Matter of Frodsham and Ince Improvement, situate in the several Parishes of Frodsham, Ince, and Thornton in the Moors in the County of Chester.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the power given to us by " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order under our seal, constitute the lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our hands and seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Frodsham and Ince Separate Drainage District Map, and a copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a Separate Drainage District under the said Act.

And We do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following regulations with respect to the Drainage Board: —

That

219

1866. Land Drainage Supplemental. Cap. 33.

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of twenty members.

That the following persons shall be the members of the first Drainage Board:— The Marquis of Cholmonley, of Cholmonley Castle, Cheshire; Lord Henry Cholmonley, of Holly Hill, Southampton; Major W. Barnston, of Crew Hill, Cheshire; John Higson Hayes, of Frodsham, esquire; Goodwin Charles Colquit Craven, of Brockhampton Park, esquire; Edmund Park Yates, of Ince Hall, esquire; John Higson, of Frodsham, esquire; John Rigby Pickering, of Frodsham, esquire; Samuel Burgess, of Helsbey, esquire; Charles Henry Hitchin, of Newton Hall, Cheshire, esquire; Thomas Johnson, of Halton Grange, Cheshire, esquire; Henry Lowe, of Sutton Hall, Cheshire, esquire; Joseph Robinson, of Netherton, esquire; the Reverend Thomas Francis Barker, of Thornton Rectory, clerk; Thomas Morris, of Elton, yeoman; Joseph Pover, of Elton, yeoman; Townsend Ince, of Chriselton, esquire; Robert Ashton, of Overton, yeoman; the Reverend James Cox, of Halton, clerk; and the Reverend William Whitley, of Cats-clough Winsford, clerk.

That the first meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by notice under the hands of any two or more of the said Board, published in some newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the church doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least fourteen days before the day of meeting.

That the qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be that he shall be the proprietor of not less than twenty acres of land within the area of the said District; or, secondly, the heir apparent of the proprietor of an estate of not less than twenty acres in extent within the area of the said District; or, thirdly, occupying tenant yearly or otherwise of not less than thirty acres within the area of the said District; or, fourthly, the agent of a proprietor of an estate of not less than twenty acres of land within the area of the said District, such agent acting under a written appointment.

That the Members of the first Board shall vacate their offices on the first Thursday in September in the year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament.

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the persons who have, during the year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the time of such Election.

In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Official Seal this Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

Cap. 34, 35.

Cattle Assurance.

29 VICT.

Power to establish Societies for the Assurance of Animals to any Amount under the Friendly Societies Act.

Contributions to be recoverable in the County Courts.

[Short Title.]

[Short Title.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to give further Facilities for the Establishment of Societies for the Assurance of Cattle and other Animals.

[11th June 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further Facilities for f the Establishment of Societies for the Assurance of

f Cattle and other Animals, under the Friendly Societies Acts:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. Notwithstanding anything in the Act passed in the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies, a Society may be established under the Provisions of the said Act for the Assurance to any Amount against Loss by Death of Neat Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Swine, and Horses, from Disease or otherwise; and neither the Provisions in Section Nine of the said Act, that no Member shall subscribe or contract for a Sum payable on Death or any other Contingency exceeding Two hundred Pounds, nor Section Thirty-eight of the said Act, shall apply to any such Society so established or which may hereafter be so established for such Purpose.

2. All Contributions, Premiums, and other Payments payable by any Member of any such Society, under the Rules thereof, in respect of any Assurance effected by him, shall be considered as a Debt due by him to the Society, and shall be recoverable as such in the County Court of the District within which the usual or principal Place of Business of the Society is situate, in Scotland in the Sheriff Court of the County, and in Ireland before the Assistant Barrister within his District.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Cattle Assurance Act, 1866.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Prevention of Contagions Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations.

[11th June 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

2. In

1866.

Contagious Diseases *

Cap. 35.

221

2. In this Act — Interpretation

The Term "Contagious Disease" means Venereal Disease* ot'Terms *

including Gonorrhoea:

The Term "Police" means Metropolitan Police or other Police or Constabulary authorized to act in any Part of any Place to which this Act applies:

The Term " Superintendent " includes Inspector:

The Term " Chief Medical Officer" means the principal Physician or Surgeon for the Time being attached to or doing Duty at a Hospital, or the House Surgeon or Resident Surgeon of the Hospital:

The Term "Justice" means a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the County, Borough, or Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of a Justice arises, or in any Part of any Place to which this Act applies:

The Term "Two Justices" means Two or more Justices assembled and acting together, and includes any Police or Stipendiary Magistrate or other Justice having by Law for any Purpose the Powers of Two Justices.

3. This Act shall commence from and immediately after the Act to eom-Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Sept?e3or}°1866) sixty-six, and on the Commencement of this Act The Con- and then tagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, shall cease to operate; 27 & 28 but the Discontinuance of that Act by this Act shall not to operate, < affect the Validity or Invalidity of anything done or suffered except, &c. before the Commencement of this Act; and that Discontinuance or anything in this Act shall not apply to or in respect of any Offence, Act, or Thing committed or done or omitted before the Commencement of this Act; and every such Offence, Act, or Thing shall after and notwithstanding the Commencement of this Act have the same Consequences and Effect in all respects as if The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, had not been discontinued.

Every Order of a Justice under the said Act shall remain in force as if this Act had not been passed.

Every Hospital certified under the said Act shall continue to be a Certified Hospital, for the Purposes of this Act, for Three Months after the Commencement of this Act, unless before the Expiration of that Time the Certificate is withdrawn or the Hospital is certified under this Act; and every Hospital certified under this Act shall be deemed a Certified Hospital for the Purposes of the said Act, as long as the Operation thereof continues for any Purpose under this Act.

Extent of Act.

4. The Places to which this Act applies shall be the Act to extend Places mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, the Limits ?nlJ 1° of which Places shall for the Purposes of this Act be such as m c e u e* are defined in that Schedule.

Expenses

Expenses of Act to be defrayed by Admiralty, &c.

Appointment of Visiting Surgeons and Assistants.

Appointment of Inspector and Assistant Inspector of Certified Hospital*.

Power to Admiralty, &c. to provide

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

Expenses of Execution of Act

5. Expenses incurred in the Execution of this Act shall be paid under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral (hereafter in this Act styled the Admiralty) and of such One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as Her Majesty thinks fit for the Time being to intrust with the Seals of the War Department (hereafter in this Act styled the Secretary of State for War) out of Money to be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

Visiting Surgeons.

6. The Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War may, on the Commencement of this Act, appoint a Medical Officer for each of the Places to which this Act applies, to be, during Pleasure, Visiting Surgeon there for the Purposes of this Act, and may from Time to Time, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of any Visiting Surgeon, appoint another such Officer in his Stead.

The Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War may, from Time to Time as Occasion requires, appoint a Medical Officer to be the Assistant of any such Visiting Surgeon; and every such Assistant shall have the like Powers and Duties as the Visiting Surgeon to whom he is appointed Assistant.

A Notice of the Appointment of every such Visiting Surgeon and of every such Assistant shall be published in the London or Dublin Gazette, according as the Place for which he is appointed is in England or in Ireland.

A Copy of the Gazette containing such a Notice shall be conclusive Evidence of the Appointment.

Inspector of Hospitals.

7. The Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War shall, on the Commencement of this Act, appoint a Medical Officer to be, during Pleasure, Inspector of Certified Hospitals under this Act, and shall from Time to Time, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of any such Inspector, appoint another such Officer in his Stead.

The Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War may, from Time to Time as Occasion requires, appoint a Medical Officer to he an Assistant Inspector of Certified Hospitals under this Act, which Assistant shall have the like Powers and Duties as the Inspector.

A Notice of the Appointment of every such Inspector and of every such Assistant shall be published in the London Gazette.

A Copy of the Gazette containing such a Notice shall be conclusive Evidence of the Appointment.

Certified Hospitals.

8. The Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War may from Time to Time provide any Buildings or Parts of Buildings

as

1866.

223

Contagious Diseases. Cap. 35.

as Hospitals for the Purposes of this Act, and any Building or Part of a Building so provided and certified in Writing by the Admiralty or Secretary of State for War (as the Case may be) to be so provided shall be deemed a Certified Hospital under this Act; and every Certified Hospital so provided shall be placed under the Control or Management of such Persons as to the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War from Time to Time seem fit.

9. The Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War may from Time to Time, on such Application or with such Consent as to them or him seems requisite, and on the Report of the Inspector of Certified Hospitals, certify in Writing any Building or Part of a Building (not provided as a Hospital by the Admiralty or Secretary of State for War) to be useful and efficient as a Hospital for the Purposes of this Act, and thereupon that Building or Part of a Building shall be deemed a Certified Hospital under this Act.

10. The Inspector of Certified Hospitals shall from Time to Time visit and inspect every Certified Hospital.

11. The Admiralty dr the Secretary of State for War may at any Time, by Declaration in Writing, declare the Certificate relative to any Certified Hospital withdrawn as from a Time specified in the Declaration, and thereupon the same shall cease to be a Certified Hospital as from the Time so specified.

12. A Hospital shall not be certified under this Act unless at the Time of the granting of a Certificate adequate Provision is made for the Moral and Religious Instruction of the Women detained therein under this Act; and if at any subsequent Time it appears to the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War that in any such Hospital adequate Provision for that Purpose is not made, the Certificate of that Hospital shall be withdrawn.

13. Every Certificate and every Declaration of Withdrawal of a Certificate relative to any Hospital under this Act shall be published in the London or Dublin Gazette, according as the Hospital to which the Certificate or Declaration relates is in England or in Ireland.

A Copy of the Gazette containing any such Certificate or Declaration shall be conclusive Evidence of such Certificate or Declaration.

Every Certificate proved to have been made shall be presumed to be in force until the Withdrawal thereof is proved.

14. The Managers or Persons having the Control or Management of each Certified Hospital shall make Regulations for the Management and Government of the Hospital, as far as regards Women authorized by this Act to be detained therein for Medical Treatment, or being therein under Medical Treatment for a contagious Disease, such Regulations not being inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, and may from Time to Time alter any such Regulations; but all such Regulations, and all Alterations thereof, shall be subject to

the

Hospitals, and certify them.

Power to certify other Hospitals.

Inspection of Certified Hospitals.

Power to withdraw Certificate.

Provision for Moral and Religious Instruction.

Certificate and Declaration of Withdrawal to he gazetted.

Power to make Regulations for Certified Hospitals.

224

A printed Copy of Regulations to be Evidence.

On Information, Justice may issue Notice to Woman who is a common Prostitute.

Pou er to Justice to order periodical Medical Examination,

Voluntary Submission by Woman.

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

the Approval in Writing of the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War.

A printed Copy of Regulations purporting to be Regulations of a Certified Hospital so approved* such Copy being signed by the Inspector of Certified Hospitals* or the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital* shall be Evidence of the Regulations of the Hospital* and of the due making and Approval thereof* for the Purposes of this Act.

Periodical Medical Examinations.

15. Where an Information on Oath is laid before a Justice by a Superintendent of Police* charging to the Effect that the Informant has good Cause to believe that a Woman therein named is a common Prostitute* and either is resident within the Limits of any Place to which this Act applies* or* being resident within Five Miles of those Limits* has, within Fourteen Days before the laying of the Information* been within those Limits for the Purpose of Prostitution* the Justice may* if he thinks fit* issue a Notice thereof addressed to such Woman* which Notice the Superintendent of Police shall cause to be served on her:

Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall apply or extend* in the Case of Woolwich* to any Woman who is not resident within One of the Parishes of Woolwich* Plum-steady or Charlton.

16. In either of the following Cases* namely* —

If the Woman on whom such a Notice is served appears herself* or by some Person on her Behalf* at the Time and Place appointed in the Notice* or at some other Time and Place appointed by Adjournment; —

If she does not so appear* and it is shown (on Oath) to the Justice present that the Notice was served on her a reasonable Time before the Time appointed for her Appearance* or that reasonable Notice of such Adjournment was given to her (as the Case may be), —

The Justice present* on Oath being made before him substantiating the Matter of the Information to his Satisfaction* may* if he thinks fit* order that the Woman be subject to a periodical Medical Examination by the Visiting Surgeon for any Period not exceeding One Year, for the Purpose of ascertaining at the Time of each such Examination whether she is affected with a contagious Disease; and thereupon she shall be subject to such a periodical Medical Examination* and the Order shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Visiting Surgeon to conduct such Examination accordingly.

The Order shall specify the Time and Place at which the Woman shall attend for the First Examination.

The Superintendent of Police shall cause a Copy of the Order to be served on the Woman.

17. Any Woman* in any Place to which this Act applies* may voluntarily* by a Submission in Writing signed by her in

the

1866.

225

Contagions Diseases. Cap. 35.

the Presence of and attested by the Superintendent of Police, subject herself to a periodical Medical Examination under this Act for any Period not exceeding One Year.

18. For each of the Places to which this Act applies, Power to make

either the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War (but not both for any One Place) may from Time to Time make tions. Regulations respecting the Times and Places of Medical Examinations under this Act at that Place, and generally respecting

the Arrangements for the Conduct there of those Examinations; and a Copy of all such Regulations from Time to Time in force for each Place shall be sent by the Admiralty or the Secretary of State for War (as the Case may be) to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk (if any), Clerk of the Justices,

Visiting Surgeon, and Superintendent of Police.

19. The Visiting Surgeon, having regard to the Regulations Visiting Sur-aforesaid and to the Circumstances of each Case, shall at the f^be Times First Examination of each Woman examined by him, and &c. afterwards from Time to Time as Occasion requires, prescribe

the Times and Places at which she is required to attend again for Examination; and he shall from Time to Time give or cause to be given to each such Woman Notice in Writing of the Times and Places so prescribed.

Detention in Hospital.

20. If on any such Examination the Woman examined is Certificate of found to be affected with a contagious Disease, she shall there- J^geon. upon be liable to be detained in a Certified Hospital subject and according to the Provisions of this Act, and the Visiting Surgeon shall sign a Certificate to the Effect that she is affected with a contagious Disease, naming the Certified Hospital in which she is to be placed; and he shall sign that Certificate in Triplicate, and shall cause One of the Originals to be delivered to the Woman and the others to the Superintendent of Police.

21. Any Woman to whom any such Certificate of the Placing in Visiting Surgeon relates may, if she thinks fit, proceed to the Ho^ftal for Certified Hospital named in that Certificate, and place herself Treatment, there for Medical Treatment, but if after the Certificate is delivered to her she neglects or refuses to do so, the Superintendent of Police, or a Constable acting under his Orders, shall apprehend her, and convey her with all practicable Speed to

that Hospital, and place her there for Medical Treatment, and the Certificate of the Visiting Surgeon shall be a sufficient Authority to him for so doing.

The Reception of a Woman in a Certified Hospital by the Managers or Persons having the Control or Management thereof shall be deemed to be an Undertaking by them to provide for her Care and Treatment, Lodging, Clothing, and Food, during her Detention in the Hospital.

22. Where a Woman certified by the Visiting Surgeon to Detention in be affected with a contagious Disease places herself, or is placed Hospital.

as

226 Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

Power to transfer to another Certified Hospital.

Limitation of Detention.

Power for Woman detained to apply to Justice for Discharge.

as aforesaid, in a Certified Hospital for Medical Treatment, she shall be detained there for that Purpose by the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital until discharged by him by Writing under his Hand.

The Certificate of the Visiting Surgeon, One of the Three Originals whereof shall be delivered by the Superintendent of Police to the Chief Medical Officer, shall, when so delivered, be sufficient Authority for such Detention.

23. The Inspector of Certified Hospitals may, if in any Case it seems to him expedient, by Order in Writing signed by him, direct the Transfer of any Woman detained in a Certified Hospital for Medical Treatment from that Certified Hospital to another named in the Order.

Every such Order shall be made in Triplicate, and One of the Originals shall be delivered to the Woman and the others to the Superintendent of Police.

Every such Order shall be sufficient Authority for the Superintendent of Police or any Person acting under his Orders to transfer the Woman to whom it relates from the one Hospital to the other, and to place her there for Medical Treatment; and she shall be detained there for that Purpose by the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital until discharged by him by Writing under his Hand.

The Order of the Inspector of Certified Hospitals, One of the Originals whereof shall be delivered by the Superintendent of Police to the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital to which the Transfer is made, shall when so delivered be sufficient Authority for such Detention.

24. Provided always, That any Woman shall not be detained under any One Certificate for a longer Time than Three Months, unless the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital in which she is detained, and the Inspector of Certified Hospitals, or the Visiting Surgeon for the Place whence she came or was brought, conjointly certify that her further Detention for Medical Treatment is requisite (which Certificate shall be in Duplicate, and One of the Originals thereof shall be delivered to the Woman); and in that Case she may be further detained in the Hospital in which she is at the Expiration of the said Period of Three Months by the Chief Medical Officer until discharged by him by Writing under his Hand; but so that any Woman be not detained under any One Certificate for a longer Time in the whole than Six Months.

25. If any Woman detained in any Hospital considers herself entitled to be discharged therefrom, and the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital refuses to discharge her, such Woman shall on her Request be conveyed before a Justice, who, if he is satisfied upon reasonable Evidence that she is free from a contagious Disease, shall discharge her from such Hospital, and such Order of Discharge shall have the same Effect as the Discharge of the Chief Medical Officer.

26. Every

227

Contagious Diseases. Cap. 35.

26. Every Woman conveyed or transferred under this Act to a Certified Hospital shall, while being so conveyed or transferred thither, and also while detained there, be deemed to be legally in the Custody of the Person conveying, transferring, or detaining her, notwithstanding that she is for that Purpose removed out of one into or through another Jurisdiction, or is detained in a Jurisdiction other than that in which the Certificate of the Visiting Surgeon was made.

27. Every Woman shall, on her Discharge from the Hospital, be sent to the Place of her Residence, if she so desires, without Expense to herself.

Refusal to he examined, , fyc. c.

28. In the following Cases, namely, —

If any Woman subjected by Order of a Justice under this Act to periodical Medical Examination at any Time temporarily absents herself in order to avoid submitting herself to such Examination on any Occasion on which she ought so to submit herself, or refuses or wilfully neglects to submit herself to such Examination on any such Occasion;

If any Woman authorized by this Act to be detained in a Certified Hospital for Medical Treatment quits the Hospital without being discharged therefrom by the Chief Medical Officer thereof by Writing under his Hand (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Accused);

If any Woman authorized by this Act to be detained in a Certified Hospital for Medical Treatment, or any Woman being in a Certified Hospital under Medical Treatment for a contagious Disease, refuses or wilfully neglects while in the Hospital to conform to the Regulations thereof approved under this Act;

Then and in every such Case such Woman shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction shall be liable to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, in the Case of a First Offence for any Term not exceeding One Month, and in the Case of a Second or any subsequent Offence for any Term not exceeding Three Months; and in the Case of the Offence of quitting the Hospital without being discharged as aforesaid the Woman may be taken into Custody without Warrant by any Constable.

29. If any Woman is convicted of and imprisoned for the Offence of "absenting herself or of refusing or neglecting to submit herself to Examination as aforesaid, the Order subjecting her to periodical Medical Examination shall be in force after and notwithstanding her Imprisonment, unless the Surgeon or other Medical Officer of the Prison, or a Visiting Surgeon appointed under this Act, at the Time of her Discharge from Imprisonment, certifies in Writing to the Effect that she is then free from a contagious Disease (the Proof of which Certificate shall lie on her), and in that Case the Order subjecting her

Hosted to

During Conveyance to Certified Hospital, &c. Woman deemed to be in legal Custody.

Expenses of Woman's Return home.

Punishment of Women for refusing to be examined, &e.

Effect of Order of Imprisonment for Absence, &c. from Examination.

Effect on Order of Imprisonment for quitting Hospital,

& c.

Penalty on Woman discharged uncured conducting herself as Prostitute.

Order to operate whenever Woman is resident in any Place where Order made, Sec.

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

to periodical Medical Examination shall, on her Discharge from Imprisonment, cease to operate.

30. If any Woman is convicted of and imprisoned for the Offence of quitting a Hospital without being discharged, or of refusing or neglecting while in a Hospital to conform to the Regulations thereof as aforesaid, the Certificate of the Visiting Surgeon under which she was detained in the Hospital shall continue in force, and on the Expiration of her Term of Imprisonment she shall be sent back from the Prison to that Certified Hospital, and shall (notwithstanding anything in this Act) be detained there under that Certificate as if it were given on the Day of the Expiration of her Term of Imprisonment, unless" the Surgeon or other Medical Officer of the Prison, or a Visiting Surgeon appointed under this Act, at the Time of her Discharge from Imprisonment, certifies in Writing to the Effect that she is then free from a contagious Disease (the Proof of which Certificate shall lie on her), and in that Case the Certificate under which she was detained, and the Order subjecting her to periodical Medical Examination, shall, on her Discharge from Imprisonment, cease to operate.

31. If on any Woman leaving a Certified Hospital a Notice in Writing is given to her by the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital to the Effect that she is still affected with a contagious Disease, and she is afterwards in any Place for the Purpose of Prostitution without having previously received from a Visiting Surgeon appointed under this Act a Certificate in Writing endorsed on the Notice or on a Copy thereof certified by the Chief Medical Officer of the Hospital (Proof of which Certificate shall lie on her) to the Effect that she is then free from a contagious Disease, she shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction before Two Justices shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, in the Case of a First Offence for any Term not exceeding One Month, and in the Case of a Second or any subsequent Offence for any Term not exceeding Three Months.

Duration of Order.

32. Every Order under this Act subjecting a Woman to periodical Medical Examination shall be in operation and enforceable, in manner in this Act provided, as long as and whenever from Time to Time the Woman to whom it relates is resident within the Limits of the Place to which this Act applies wherein the Order was made, or within Five Miles of those Limits, but not in any Case for a longer Period tb#n One Year; and where the Chief Medical Officer of a Certified Hospital, on the Discharge by him of any Woman from the Hospital, certifies that she is free from a contagious Disease (Proof of which Certificate shall lie on her), the Order subjecting her to periodical Medical Examination shall thereupon cease to operate.

Relief

1866. Contagious Diseases. Cap. 35.

Relief from Examination.

33. If any Woman subjected to a periodical Medical Examination under this Act (either on her own Submission or under the Order of a Justice), desiring to be relieved therefrom, and not being under Detention in a Certified Hospital, makes Application in Writing in that Behalf to a Justice, the Justice shall appoint by Notice in Writing a Time and Place for the Hearing of the Application, and shall cause the Notice to be delivered to the Applicant, and a Copy of the Application and of the Notice to be delivered to the Superintendent of Police.

34. If on the Hearing of the Application it is shown, to the Satisfaction of a Justice, that the Applicant has ceased to be a common Prostitute, or if the Applicant, with the Approval of the Justice, enters into a Recognizance, with or without Sureties, as to the Justice seems meet, for her good Behaviour during Three Months thereafter, the Justice shall order that she be relieved from periodical Medical Examination.

35. Every such Recognizance shall be deemed to be forfeited if at any Time during the Term for which it is entered into the Woman to whom it relates is (within the Limits of any Place to which this Act applies) in any public Thoroughfare, Street, or Place for the Purpose of Prostitution, or otherwise (within those Limits) conducts herself as a common Prostitute.

Penalties for harbouring, §c.

36. If any Person, being the Owner or Occupier of any House, Room, or Place within the Limits of any Place to which this Act applies, or being a Manager or Assistant in the Management thereof, having reasonable Cause to believe any Woman to be a common Prostitute and to be affected with a contagious Disease, induces or suffers her to resort to or be in that House, Room, or Place for the Purpose of Prostitution, he shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or, at the Discretion of the Justices, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour:

Provided that a Conviction under this Enactment shall not exempt the Offender from any penal or other Consequences to which he may be liable for keeping or being concerned in keeping a Bawdy House or Disorderly House, or for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

Procedure, &c.

37. All Proceedings under this Act before and by Justices shall be had in England according to the Provisions of the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of

229

Application for Belief from Examination.

Order for Belief from Examination on Discontinuance of Prostitution, See.

Forfeiture of Recognizance by Beturn to Prostitution.

Penalties for permitting Prostitute having contagious Disease to resort to any House, &c. for Prostitution.

Application of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. and 14 & 15 Vict.

c. 93. to tins Act,

Forms in Second Schedule to he used.

Instruments may he in Print, &c.

Presumption as to Signatures of Justices, &c.

Mode of Service.

Limitation of Actions, &c.

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

Her Majesty (Chapter Forty-three)* "to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of " Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders*" and in Ireland according to the Provisions of The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act* 1851* as far as those Provisions respectively are not inconsistent with any Provision of this Act* and save that the Eoom or Place in which a Justice sits to inquire into the Truth of the Statements contained in any Information or Application under this Act against or by a Woman shall not, unless the Woman so desires* be deemed an open Court for that Purpose; and* unless the Woman otherwise desires* the Justice may* in his Discretion* order that no Person have Access to or be or remain in that Eoom without his Consent or Permission.

38. The Forms of Certificates* Orders* and other Instruments given in the Second Schedule to this Act* or Forms to the like Effect* with such Variations and Additions as Circumstances require, may be used for the Purposes therein indicated and according to the Directions therein contained* and Instruments in those Forms shall (as regards the Form thereof) be valid and sufficient.

39. Any Certificate* Order* Notice, or other Instrument made or issued for the Purposes of this Act may be partly in Print and partly in Writing.

40. In any Proceeding under this Act any Notice* Order* Certificate* Copy of Regulations* or other Instrument purporting to be signed by a Justice* Superintendent of Police* Visiting Surgeon* Assistant Visiting Surgeon, Surgeon or other Medical Officer of a Prison* Chief Medical Officer of a Certified Hospital* or the Inspector or an Assistant Inspector of Certified Hospitals* or by any Person in Her Majesty's Service or in that of the Admiralty* shall on Production be received in Evidence, and shall be presumed to have been duly signed by the Person* and in the Character by whom and in which it purports to be signed, until the contrary is shown.

41. Every Notice* Order* or other Instrument by this Act required to be served on a Woman shall be served by Delivery thereof to some Person for her at her usual Place of Abode* or by Delivery thereof to her personally.

42. Any Action or Prosecution against any Person for anything done in pursuance or Execution or intended Execution of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Thing was done* and shall be commenced within Three Months after the Thing done* and not otherwise.

Notice in Writing of every such Action and of the Cause thereof shall be given to the intended Defendant One Month at least before the Commencement of the Action.

In any such Action the Defendant may plead generally that the Act complained of was done in pursuance or Execution or intended Execution of this Act, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

The

Contagious Diseases. Cap. 35.

The Plaintiff shall not recover if Tender of sufficient Amends is made before Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money is paid into Court after Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defendant.

If a Verdict passes for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff becomes nonsuit, or discontinues the Action after Issue joined, or if, on Demurrer or otherwise. Judgment is given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant has by Law for Costs in other Cases.

Though a Verdict is given for the Plaintiff, he shall not have Costs against the Defendant unless the Judge before whom the Trial is had certifies his Approbation of the Action.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Names of Places.

Limits of Places.

Portsmouth -

Plymouth and Devonport.

Woolwich

Chatham

The Limits of the Municipal Borough of Portsmouth, and of the Residue of the Island of Portsea, and of the Parish of Alverstoke, and of the Township of Land-port.

The Limits of the following Places; namely, — The Municipal Borough of Plymouth. The Parliamentary Borough of Devonport.

The Parish of Laira.

The Tithing of Penny cross or Western Peveril.

The Tithing of Compton Gifford. Torpoint in the County of Cornwall, within the Distance of Half a Mile from the Ferry Gate.

The Limits of the Parishes of Woolwich, Plumstead, and Charlton.

The Limits of the folio wing Parishes; namely, — Chatham,

Gillingham,

St. Nicholas, Rochester,

St. Margaret, Rochester,

The Precincts, Rochester,

Brompton,

New Brompton,

Strood, and Frindsbury, and of the Hamlet of Grange, otherwise Grench.

232

Cap. 35.

Contagious Diseases.

29 VICT.

Names of Places.

Limits of Places.

Sheerness

Aldershot

Windsor

Colchester

The Limits of the Parish of Minster, and of the Township of Queenborough.

The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, -Purbright,

Ash,

Compton,

Pepper Harrow,

Frimley,

in the County of Surrey.

Puttenham,

Seal, and Tongham,

Elstead,

Famham,

Bisley,

Aldershot,

Yateley,

Crondall,

Dogmersfield,

Winchfield,

Hartley Wintney,

Cove,

Eversley,

Farnborough,

Binstead,

Bentley,

Sandhurst, in the County of Berks.

in the County of Hants.

The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, -New Windsor,

Old Windsor,

Clewer,

Eton, in the County of Bucks.

in the County of Berks.

The Limits of the following Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts; namely, —

All Saints.

St. Botolph.

St. Giles.

St. James.

St. John.

St. Leonard.

St. Martin.

St. Mary at the Walls.

St. Mary Magdalene.

St. Nicholas.

St. Peter.

St. Runwald.

The Holy Trinity.

Contagious Diseases.

Cap. 35.

233

Names of Places. Limits of Places.

Shorncliffe - The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, — Cheriton. Hythe. Folkstone.

The Curragh The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, — Kilcullen. Kildare. Bally sax. Great Conwell. Morristown-beller.

Cork - The Limits of the Borough of Cork for Municipal Purposes.

Queenstown - The Limits of the Town of Queenstown for the Purposes of Town Improvement.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

FORMS.

(A.)

Gazette Notice of Appointments.

London 18

The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have [or the Secretary of State for War has] appointed R.Sto be Visiting Surgeon [or Assistant Visiting Surgeon] for [Portsmouth, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War have appointed P.T' to be Inspector (or Assistant Inspector) of Certified Hospitals] under The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866,

(B.)

Certificate for Hospital provided by Admiralty, &c.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, it is hereby certified by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom [or by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State intrusted with the Seals of the War Department], that the following Building [or Part of a Building], namely, [here describe generally the Building or Part of Building,] has been provided by the said Lords Commissioners

U 3 [or

234

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT,

[or Secretary of State] as a Hospital for the Purposes of the said Act.

Dated this Day of 18 .

By Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

(Signed) C.P.,

Secretary of the Admiralty.

[Or

By Order of the Secretary of State for War.

(Signed) E.L.,

Under-Secretary of State.]

(C.)

Certificate for Hospital not provided by Admiralty, &c.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, it is hereby certified by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom [or by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State intrusted with the Seals of the War Department], that the following Building [or Part of a Building], namely, [the Lock Wards of the Portsmouth, Portsea, and Gosport Hospital, or as the Case may be,] is useful and efficient as a Hospital for the Purposes of the said Act.

Dated this Day of 18 .

By Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

(Signed) C.P.,

Secretary of the Admiralty.

COr

By Order of the Secretary of State for War.

(Signed) -E'.i.,

Under-Secretary of State.]

(D.)

Declaration of Withdrawal of Certificate.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, it is hereby declared by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom [or by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State intrusted with the Seals of the War Department], that the Certificate under the said Act dated the Day of, constituting the

Hospital

1866.

235

Contagious Diseases. Cap. 35-

Hospital [or as the Case may be] a Certified Hospital under the said Act, has been and the same is hereby withdrawn as from the Day of 18 .

Dated this Day of 18 .

By Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. (Signed) C.P.,

Secretary of the Admiralty.

I Or

By Order of the Secretary of State for War.

(Signed) E.L.,

Under-Secretary of State.]

(E.)

Information.

}The Information of CD. of, Superintendent of Police for [or as

the Case may be], under The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866, taken this Day of 186, before the

undersigned. One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of, who says he

has good Cause to believe that A.B. is a common Prostitute, and is resident within the Limits of a Place to which the said Act applies, that is to say, at in the [County]

of [or is a common Prostitute, and being resident

within Five Miles of a Place to which the said Act applies, that is to say, at in the county of,

was within Fourteen Days before the laying of this Information, that is to say, on the Day of, within those

Limits, that is to say, at in the county of,

for the Purpose of Prostitution].

Taken and sworn before me the Day and Year first above mentioned.

(Signed) L.M.

(F.)

Notice for Attendance of Woman.

To A.B. of

Take Notice, that an Information, a Copy whereof is subjoined hereto, has been laid before me, and that, in accordance with the Provisions of the Act therein mentioned, the Truth of the Statements therein contained will be inquired into before me, or some other Justice, at, on the

Day of, at o'Clock in the noon.

You are therefore to appear before me or such other Justice at that Place and Time, and to answer to what is stated in the said Information.

You may appear yourself, or by any Person on your Behalf.

Cap. 35. Contagious Diseases. 29 VICT.

If you do not appear* you may be ordered* without further Notice* to be subject to a periodical Medical Examination by the Visiting Surgeon under the said Act.

If you prefer it, you may, by a Submission in Writing signed by you in the Presence of the Superintendent of Police [or as the Case may be\, and attested by him* subject yourself to such a periodical Examination.

If you do so before the Time above appointed for your Appearance* it will not be necessary for you to appear then before a Justice.

Dated this Day of

(Signed) L.M.,

Justice of the Peace for

[Subjoin Copy of Information

(G.)

Order subjecting Woman to Examination.

}Be it remembered* that on the Day

of in pursuance of The Contagious

Diseases Act* 1866, I. One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of do order

that A.B.* of be subject to a

periodical Medical Examination by the Visiting Surgeon for [Portsmouth, or as the Case may be\ for Calendar

Months from this Day* for the Purpose of ascertaining at the Time of each such Examination whether she is affected with a contagious Disease within the Meaning of the said Act* and that she do attend for the First Examination at on the Day of at o'Clock in the noon.

(Signed) L.M.

(H.)

Voluntary Submission to Examination.

The Contagious Diseases Act* 1866.

I A.B. of in pursuance of the

above-mentioned Act* by this Submission* voluntarily subject myself to a periodical Medical Examination by the Visiting Surgeon for [Portsmouth* or as the Case may be-\ for Calendar Months from the Date hereof.

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B.

Witness,

X.Y.,

Superintendent of Police for [or as the Case

may be\

(j.)

Contagious Diseases.

Cap. 35.

23?

(J.)

Notice by Visiting Surgeon to Woman of Times, &c. of Examination,

To A.B. of

Take Notice, that in pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866, you are required to attend for Medical Examination as follows:

[Here state Times and Places of Examination.]

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) E.F.,

Visiting Surgeon for [Portsmouth],

(K.)

Certificate of Visiting Surgeon

In pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866, I hereby certify that I have this Day examined A.B. of, and that she is affected with a contagious

Disease within the Meaning of that Act; and the Certified Hospital in which she is to be placed under the said Act is the Hospital.

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) E.F.,

Visiting Surgeon for [Portsmouth].

(L.)

Order by Inspector of Certified Hospitals for Transfer.

By virtue of the Power in this Behalf vested in me by The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866, I hereby order that A.B.

of, now detained under that Act in

the Certified Hospital of for Medical Treatment,

be transferred thence to the Certified Hospital of Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) M.N.,

Inspector of Certified Hospitals.

(M.)

Certificate for Detention beyond Three Months.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

We, the undersigned, hereby certify that the further Detention for Medical Treatment of A.B. of, now

an Inmate of this Hospital, is requisite.

Dated this Day of 18, at the

Hospital.

(Signed) # M.N.,

Inspector of Certified Hospitals,

[or as the Case may be],

G.H.,

Chief Medical Officer.

(N.)

238

Cap. 35.

29 VICT.

Contagious Diseases.

(N.)

Discharge from Hospital.

In pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Act* 1866, 1 hereby discharge A.B. of from this Hospital

[add according to the Fact, and certify that she is now free from a contagious Disease].

Dated this Day of 18, at the

Hospital.

(Signed) G.H,

Chief Medical Officer.

(O.)

Certificate on Discharge from Imprisonment.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

Whereas under the above-mentioned Act A.B. of was on the Day of convicted of the

Offence of and has since been imprisoned for that

Offence in the Gaol of and is now discharged

from Imprisonment therein: Now in pursuance of the said Act I hereby certify that she is now. free from a contagious Disease.

Dated this Day of

R.O.,

Surgeon of the Gaol of,

[or E.F.,

Visiting Surgeon for Portsmouth].

(P.)

Notice to Woman leaving Hospital.

The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

To A.B.

As you are now leaving this Hospital, I hereby, in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, give you Notice that you are still affected with a contagious Disease.

Dated this Day of

(Signed) G.H.,

Chief Medical Officer.

Note. — The above-mentioned Act provides as follows:—

If on any Woman leaving a Certified Hospital a Notice [set out Section of Act].

(Q.)

Certificate on last foregoing Notice or Copy.

In pursuance of the within-mentioned Act, I hereby certify that the within-named Woman is now free from a contagious Disease.

Dated this Day of

(Signed) E.F.,

Visiting Surgeon for [Portsmouth].

(R.)

1866.

Contagious Diseases.

Cap. 35, 36.

239

(E.)

Application to be relieved from Examination.

To L.M., Esq., and others, Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [County] of I A.B. of, being in pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Act, 1866, subject to a periodical Medical Examination on my own Submission [or under the Order of X.ilf., Esq., as the Case may be\9 dated the Day of, do hereby apply to be relieved

therefrom.

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B.

Witness, G. TV.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to grant, alter, and repeal certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[11th June 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be charged, collected, and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively specified and contained in the several Schedules marked respectively (A.), (B.), and (C.) to this Act annexed; and the said Rates and Duties shall respectively take effect at or from the respective Times, and shall continue to be charged, collected, and paid for and during the Periods respectively specified or mentioned in that Behalf in the said Schedules respectively, and where no Period is specified or limited for the Duration thereof the same shall continue to be charged, collected, and paid respectively until Parliament shall otherwise order; and the said several Schedules shall be deemed to be Part of this Act.

2. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Allowances, and Exemptions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties,

contained

Grant of Duties specified in Schedules annexed.

Provisions ot former Acts to apply to this Act.

240

Customs Duties on Wood and Timber to cease on 9th May 1866.

Cap. 36. Customs and Inland Revenue. 29 VICT.

contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties granted by this Act respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, or, as regards the Income Tax, in force on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six (except as herein-after provided), shall respectively be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said last-mentioned Rates and Duties respectively, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively: Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, mentioned in the Forty-third Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

As to Customs.

3. The Duties of Customs now charged and payable upon the Goods herein-after mentioned upon their Importation into Great Britain and Ireland shall cease and determine on and after the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; that is to say,

Wood and Timber, Foreign and Colonial, viz .: £ s. d.

---- Hewn - - the Load 0 10

0 2 0 0 10 0 2 0 0 10 0 2 0

0 2 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

---- Sawn or Split, planed or dressed

---- Firewood -

---- Hoops -

---- Lathwood -

---- Shovel Hilts -

---- Staves exceeding 72 Inches in

Length, 7 Inches in Breadth, or 3^ Inches in Thickness -

---- Staves not exceeding 72 Inches

in Length nor 7 Inches in Breadth nor 3J Inches in Thickness (except Staves for Herring Barrels)

— ---- Teak and Wood for Shipbuilding

Purposes, formerly admitted free, and Treenails, of all Sorts -

241

Customs and Inland Revenue. Cap. 36.

Wood and Timber, Foreign and Colonial — continued.

Furniture or Hard Woods, viz .: £ s. d

---- Amboyna Wood

---- Beef Wood -

---- Black Wood

---- Box Wood -

---- Cedar

---- Cherry Wood

----; Cochinella -

---- — Ebony

King Wood

Lignum Vitas

---- — Mahogany

---- Maple

---- New Zealand

---- — Olive Wood

---- Partridge Wood

---- Purple Wood

---- Bose Wood -

---- Santa Maria Wood

---- Satin Wood

---- Saunders or Sandal,

White or Yellow

---- Speckled Wood

---- Sweet Wood

---- Tulip Wood -

---- Walnut Wood, except Gun Stocks

---- Zebra Wood

Furniture and Hard Woods unenumerated (except Veneers), not being Ash, Beech, Birch, Elm, Oak, and Wainscot

- !>eaehiheTon 0 10

It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to remit the Duty of Customs chargeable on all such Wood and Timber imported into Great Britain and Ireland as shall have been landed under Bond for Security of Duty on and after the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

4. On and after the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the Duties of Customs now charged and payable upon the Goods herein-after mentioned, upon their Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, or on Registration there, shall cease and determine; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Pepper of all Sorts - the Lb. 0 0 6

and 51, per Cent, thereon.

Customs Duties on Pepper and Ships to cease on 9th May 1866.

Cap. 36.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

29 VICT.

Drawback on Exportation of Wood and Timber to cease on 9th May 1866.

The Sums assessed to the Income Tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.) for the Year 1865 to be taken as the annual Value for Assessment under this Act.

£ $. d.

Ships* with their Tackle, Apparel* and Furniture* viz .:

---- Foreign* built of Wood* and Ships built

of Wood in any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad on the Registration thereof as British Ships at any Port or Place for the Registry of British Ships in Great Britain and Ireland:

For every Ton of the Gross Registered Tonnage without any Deduction in respect of Engine Room or otherwise - 0 1 0

5. On and after the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six so much of "The Customs Duties " Consolidation Act* 1860," Section One, as enacts cc That a " Drawback on the Exportation of Wood and Timber pro-sc portionate to the Duties of Customs paid thereon shall be " allowed* provided that the Person entitled thereto and claiming " the same shall make and subscribe a Declaration that the cc Goods in respect of which he claims such Drawbacks are of " Foreign or Colonial Produce, as the Case may be* and show " to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that " Customs Duties to the like Amount have been paid thereon " upon the Importation thereof," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

As to Income Tax.

6. The Sum charged as the annual Value or Amount of any Property* Profits* or Gains in the several and respective Assessments of Income Tax made in pursuance of the Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign* Chapter Eighteen* under Schedules (A.) and (B.) respectively of the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign* Chapter Thirty-four* for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six* shall (except as to the several and respective Concerns described in No. III. of Schedule (A.) of the Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign* Chapter Thirty-five, and otherwise as provided by the Acts relating to Income Tax) be taken as the annual Value or Amount of such Property, Profits, or Gains respectively for the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and the Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act* and chargeable under the said Schedules respectively, shall be computed, assessed* and charged according to such annual Value or Amount; and the Commissioners executing the Income Tax Acts shall, for each Place within their several and respective Districts* cause Duplicates of the Assessments of the said Duties so computed* assessed, and charged under the said

* 243

1$66. Customs and Inland Revenue. Cap. 36.

Schedules (A.) and (B.) for the said last-mentioned Year to be made out and delivered* together with Warrants for collecting the same; and in England the said Commissioners shall appoint such Persons* being Inhabitants of the Place to which the Duplicate shall relate* as they the said Commissioners shall think fit* to be Collectors of the Duties thereby charged* in like Manner as if such Persons had been presented to them by Assessors under the Acts now in force: Provided always* that the said Assessments shall be subject to be increased in like Manner as the Assessments made for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six* and subject also to be abated or discharged at the End of the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six for any Cause allowed by the said Acts; provided that whenever it shall appear that any Property* Profits* or Grains chargeable under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) respectively have not been charged by the Assessments made for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six* such Property, Profits* and Grains shall be assessed to the Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act under the Provisions of the said several Acts applicable thereto.

7. No Assessors shall be appointed for the Duties payable under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.), but the Inspectors or Surveyors of Taxes shall act as Assessors in respect of such Duties whenever it shall be necessary; and in lieu of the Poundage granted by the One hundred and eighty-third Section of the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five* to be divided between the Assessors and Collectors in regard to the Duties which shall be collected under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.)* there shall be paid a Poundage of Three Halfpence to the Collectors of the -said Duties.

8. The several and respective Concerns described in No. III. of Schedule (A.) of the said Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign* Chapter Thirty-five* shall be charged and assessed to the Duties hereby granted in the Manner in the said No. III. mentioned* according to the Buies prescribed by Schedule (D.) of the said Act* so far as such Buies are consistent with the said No. III .: Provided that the annual Value or Profits and Grains arising from any Railway shall be charged and assessed by the Commissioners for Special Purposes.

9. The Provisions made by the several Income Tax Acts in force on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six for assessing and charging the Duties on Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable out of the Revenue of any Foreign State or Colonial Government, and all Interest* Dividends, or other annual Payments payable out of or in respect of the Funds, Stocks* Shares* or Securities of any Foreign or Colonial Company* Society, Adventure* or Concern *

X 2 intrusted

Assessors not to be appointed for Duties under Schedules (A.) and (B.)

Concerns to be assessed under Schedule (D.) of said Act.

Railways to be assessed by Commissioners for Special Purposes.

Extending to Persons registering Poreign Dividends, &c. for Payment in the United Kingdom the Provisions contained in 5 & 6 Vict. c. 35.,

244

5 & 6 Vict c. 80.,

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34., and 24 & 25 Vict. c. 91.

Cap. 36. Customs and Inland Revenue. 29 VICT.

intrusted to any Person in the United Kingdom for Payment to any Person therein, shall he and the same are hereby extended and shall be applied to the assessing and charging of the Income Tax on all such Dividends and Shares of Annuities, and Interest, Dividends, and other annual Payments, where the Right or Title of the Person to whom the same may be payable is shown by the Registration or Entry of the Name of such Person in any Book or List ordinarily kept in the United Kingdom; and for the Purpose of such Assessment and Charge the Agent or other Person having the ordinary Custody of such Book or making such List shall be deemed to be the Person intrusted with the Payment of such Dividends and Shares of Annuities, and Interest, Dividends, and other annual Payments, within the Meaning of the said Income Tax Acts.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Duties of Customs granted by this Act.

The Duties of Customs now charged on Tea shall continue to be levied and charged.

On and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Tea ---- the lb. 0 0 6

In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on Wine, the following Duties shall be charged thereon, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland, on and after the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; that is to say.

Containing less than the following Rates of Proof Spirit verified by-Sykes' Hydrometer, viz .:

26 Degrees. 42 Degrees.

£ s. d. £s. d.

Red Wine, the Gallon - 0 10 0 2 6

White Wine - 0 1 0 0 2 6

Lees of such Wine 0 1 0 0 2 6

and for every Degree of Strength beyond the highest above specified an additional Duty of Threepence per Gallon. Ten per Cent, of Proof Spirit may be used in the fortifying of any Wine in Bond, provided that the Wine so fortified be not thereby raised to a greater Degree of Strength than Forty per Cent, of such Proof Spirit, if for Home Consumption.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

Cap. 36,

245

SCHEDULE (B.)

Containing the Duties of Excise granted by this Act.

Mileage Duty on Stage Carriages.

Eor and in respect of every Mile which any Stage Carriage shall be licensed to travel in Great Britain, on and after the Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, the Excise Duty of One Farthing, in lieu of the Mileage Duty now payable.

On Licences to let Horses for Hire.

For and in respect of every Licence to be taken out yearly on and after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six by every Person who shall let any Horse for Hire in Great Britain, with or without any Carriage to be used therewith, the following Duties; (that is to say,)

Where the Person taking out such Licence shall £ s. d. keep at one and the same Time to let for Hire One Horse or One Carriage only - - 5 0 0

And where such Person shall keep as aforesaid any greater Number of Horses or Carriages:

Not exceeding Three Horses or Two Carriages - - -1000

Not exceeding Four Horses or Three Carriages - - -1500

Not exceeding Five Horses or Four Carriages - - 20 00

Not exceeding Six Horses or Five Carriages 25 0 0

Not exceeding Eight Horses or Six Carriages - - - 30 0 0

Not exceeding Twelve Horses or Nine Carriages - - - 40 00

Not exceeding Sixteen Horses or Twelve

Carriages - - 50 0 0

Not exceeding Twenty Horses or Fifteen

Carriages - - 60 0 0

Exceeding Fifteen Carriages - - 70 0 0

Exceeding Twenty Horses, then for every additional Number of Ten Horses, and for any additional Number less than Ten over and above Twenty, or any other Multiple of Ten Horses, the further additional Duty of - - 10 0 0

in lieu of the Duties now payable on such Licences.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Income Tax granted

by this Act.

For One Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, for and in respect of all

X 3 Property,

246

54 G. 3.

48 G. 3.

Cap. 36, 37. Customs and Inland Revenue. 29 VICT.

Property, Profits, and Gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, the following Rates and Duties shall be charged; (that is to say,)

For every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains (except those chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act), the Rate or Duty of Fourpence:

And for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof —

In England the Rate or Duty of Twopence:

And in Scotland and Ireland respectively the Rate or Duty of One Penny Halfpenny:

Subject to the Provisions contained in Section Three of the Act Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two, for the Exemption of Persons whose whole Income from every Source is under One hundred Pounds a Year, and Relief of those whose Income is under Two hundred Pounds a Year.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and twenty-three, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

[11th June 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty-c fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King c. 123. George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the 6 Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, after reciting that by the said last-mentioned Act it was, among other things, enacted that every Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, before he should begin to put any Hops into any Bag c or Pocket, should mark or cause to be marked on the Outside thereof his Name and Place of Abode, and that by an Act ' made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late c. 134. Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laics relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops, it was enacted that every Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops should also mark on the Outside of every Bag or Pocket of Hops the Name c of the Parish and of the County in which the Hops put into such Bag or Pocket should be grown, and that many c Persons not only marked their own Names, and the Parishes and Counties in which the Hops were grown, on such Bags or Pockets, but also, in addition thereto, the Name and 6 Symbol of other Counties, to the great Injury of such Owners

or

247

1866. Hop Trade. Cap. 37.

or Growers whose Description they so used, as'well as to the c Dealers in Hops and of the Public, it was by the said first-e mentioned Act enacted, that from and after the Fifth Day £ of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen every ' Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, before he, she, or they should begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, should ' mark or cause to be marked on the Outside of each and every such Bag or Bags, in plain and legible Letters of Four

Inches in Length at the least, and Half an Inch in Breadth, 6 and on the Outside of every such Pocket, in large, plain, and legible Letters of Three Inches in Length and Half an

Inch in Breadth at the least, with durable Ink or Paint, his, her, or their Name or Names, and the Parish and County 6 in which the said Hops to be packed therein were actually

grown; and that if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, c or any other Person or Persons, should put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket without having marked or caused to be e marked thereon, in manner therein-before directed, the several c Matters and Things therein-before required and prescribed,

or should, before or at any future Time after such Hops had been packed, mark or cause to be marked thereon the Name

of any other Person, Parish, or County than as was therein-{ before directed or prescribed, or the Symbol appertaining to

or anything denoting to be the Symbol of any other County of Place, every such Owner, Planter, or Grower, or other Person or Persons so offending, should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such e Bag or Pocket, to be recovered and applied in manner directed by the said therein recited Act; and further, that c if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops should knowingly put or suffer to be put any Hops of different Qualities and c Value in the same Bag or Pocket, every such Owner, Planter, c or Grower should forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Bag or Pocket, to be recovered and applied c in manner therein-before directed:

And whereas the said Acts have been found ineffectual i for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, and c it i& expedient to amend the same

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the Construction of this Act the Word <c Person" shall include any Person, whether a Subject of Her Majesty or not, and any Body Corporate or Body of the like Nature; the Words <s Trade Mark 55 or " Symbol " shall include any Arms or Coat of Arms of any County, City, Borough, Town, or District, or any Name, Signature, Word, Letter, Device, Emblem, Figure, Sign, Seal, Stamp, or other Work of any other Description, lawfully used by any Person to denote that the Hops in any Bag or Pocket were grown or produced by

Construction of Terms.

Growers, &c. to mark each Bag or Pocket with Year when Hops were actually grown, the true progressive Number and gross Weight thereof.

Growers, &c. not marking Bags or Pockets as directed by the said recited Acts and this Act subject to a Penalty.

Growers, &c. marking false Description, Symbol, or Trade Mark, subject to Penalty.

Cap. 37. Hop Trade. 29 VICT,

such Person in any particular Parish, County, or Place, or to denote the said Hops to be of a particular Quality or Description; the Words " Bag " or " Pocket " shall include any Package used for containing Hops, or in which Hops are packed and sent from the Grower or Producer to any Factor, Merchant, or Brewer, or other Person, either before or after a Sale thereof.

2. From and after the Twenty-first Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, every Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops shall, within One Month after the said Hops shall have been packed in any Bag or Pocket, mark or cause to be marked with durable Ink or Paint on the Outside of each and every Bag containing Hops, in plain and legible Figures of Four Inches in Length at the least, and Half an Inch in Breadth, and on the Outside of each and every Pocket containing Hops, in plain and legible Figures of Three Inches in Length at the least, and Half an Inch in Breadth, in addition to his Name, and in addition to the Name of the Parish and of the County in which the Hops put into any such Bag or Pocket shall be grown, as required by the recited Acts, the Year in which such Hops were actually grown, the true progressive Number of each and every such Bag or Pocket according to the Numbers of the Bags or Pockets of Hops grown and weighed by such Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops during the then current Year, and the true gross Weight, in Hundredweights, Quarters, and Pounds, of each and every such Bag or Pocket.

3. If after the Twenty-first Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or any other Person, shall not mark or cause to be marked on such Bag or Pocket, in manner directed by the said recited Acts, and by the last preceding Section of this Act, the several Matters and Things required and prescribed, every such Owner, Planter, Grower, or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Bag or Pocket.

4. If after the said Twenty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or any Person to whom any Hops shall have been consigned for Sale or otherwise, or any other Person, shall mark or cause to be marked on any Bag or Pocket, either before or at any Time after any Hops shall have been packed therein, the Name of any Person, Parish, or County other than the Name of the Planter or Grower of such Hops, and the Parish and County in which the said Hops shall have been actually grown, or if such Owner, Planter, Grower, Consignee, or other Person shall at any Time mark or cause to be marked on any such Bag or Pocket containing Hops the Symbol appertaining to any County or Place, or any Imitation thereof, other than that in which the said Hops shall have been actually grown, or any Year other than that in which the said Hops

shall

1866.

249

Hop Trade. Cap. 37.

shall have been actually grown, or any Weight other than the true gross Weight of every such Bag or Pocket of Hops, or any Trade Mark not being the Trade Mark of the Owner* Planter* or Grower of the Hops therein contained, and by him usually used to denote the real Owner, Planter, or Grower of, and the Parish, County, or Place in which such Hops were actually grown, every such Owner, Planter, Grower, Consignee, or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Bag or Pocket.

5. Every Person who shall put or suffer to be put any Hops of different Qualities or Value in the same Bag or Pocket, so that a Sample shall not correspond with and truly represent the Bulk, or who shall sell or expose for Sale, or cause to be sold or exposed for Sale, any such Hops in such Bag or Pocket, shall forfeit and pay for every such Bag or Pocket the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to the aforesaid Penalty or Forfeiture who shall prove that he did the Act or Acts charged against him and mentioned in this Section bond Jide, and without Intent to defraud.

6. Every Person who after the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall sell or expose for Sale, or cause or procure to be sold or exposed for Sale, any Hops contained in any Bag or Pocket, not having marked thereon in manner before directed the several Matters and Things by the said recited Acts and by this Act prescribed, or which shall, at the Time of the said Sale or Exposure for Sale, have marked thereon the Name of any other Person, Parish, or County than is directed and prescribed as aforesaid, or any Symbol or Trade Mark appertaining to any County or Place other than that in which the said Hops shall have been actually grown, or any Imitation thereof, and not being the Trade Mark of the Owner, Planter, or Grower of the Hops therein contained, and by him usually used to denote the real Owner, Planter, or Grower of, and the County or Place in which such Hops were actually grown, or any Year other than that in which the said Hops shall have been actually grown, or any Weight other than the true gross Weight of any such Bag or Pocket of Hops, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money equal to the then Market Value of the Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets of Hops so sold or exposed for Sale, and a further Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds and not less than Five Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to the aforesaid Forfeitures or Penalties, or any of them, in respect of any false Description, Trade Mark or Symbol, or Imitation thereof, marked on any Bag or Pocket, who shall bond Jide sell or expose for Sale any Hops as in this Section aforesaid, who shall bond Jide believe, and having good Reason for believing (Proof whereof shall be upon such Person), that the Description, Trade Marks, and

Symbols,

Penalty on Growers, &c. mixing Hops of different Qualities and Value.

Penalties on Persons selling or exposing for Sale Hops in Bags or Pockets not marked or improperly marked.

Proviso in favour of Persons selling, &c. bona fide under Belief that Bags or Pockets were duly marked.

550 Cap. 37. Hop Trade. 29 VICT.

Symbols, or Imitations thereof, at the Time of such Sale or Exposure for Sale, marked on the Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, so sold or exposed for Sale were genuine and in accordance with the Provisions of this and the said recited Acts.

Penalty on 7. No Person whatsoever shall after the Twenty-first Day of

Eore^Wops August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six take or suffer in British Bags, to be taken any Hops of Foreign Growth out of the Bags in which they are imported, and re-bag the same in British Bags or Pockets, in order to sell, dispose of, or export the same as British Hops, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Hundredweight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

8. Every Person who shall wilfully deface or obliterate, add to or alter, any or either of the Matters or Things directed to be marked by this Act, and marked on any Bag or Pocket containing Hops, or who shall wilfully deface, obliterate, add to, or alter any Trade Mark or Symbol marked on any Bag or Pocket containing Hops, or who shall cause or procure any of the aforesaid Matters or Things, or any such Trade Mark or Symbol as aforesaid, to be defaced, obliterated, added to, or altered, or who shall connive at any such Matter or Thing, Trade Mark or Symbol, being so defaced, obliterated, added to, or altered, with Intent to represent, or to cause it to be believed, or as shall be calculated or likely to cause it to be believed, that any Hops contained in any Bag or Pocket were grown by any Person or in any County or Place other than the real Person, County, or Place by and in which the same were grown, shall for every such Defacement, Obliteration, Addition, or Alteration forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for and in respect of each Bag or Pocket whereon any such Defacement, Obliteration, Alteration, or Addition shall be made.

Vendors selling 9# Where any Person who at any Time after the Twenty-marked^fgive rst ^-u9ust One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six

Information as shall have sold Hops contained in any Bag or Pocket marked to Persons from with any Name, Trade Marks, Symbol, or jother Description, ^ed^r oS" contrary to this and the said recited Acts, or not marked tained the according to the Provisions of this Act and the said recited Hops. Acts, such Person shall be bound, upon Demand in Writing

delivered to him or left for him at his last known Dwelling House, Counting-house, Office of Business, or Place of Abode, by or on behalf of the Person to whom the said Hops shall have been sold, or of any other Person who may have afterwards purchased the same, to give the Person requiring the same, or his Attorney or Agent, within Forty-eight Hours after such Demand, full Information in Writing of the Name and Address of the Person from whom he shall have purchased or obtained the said Hops, and of the Time when be purchased or obtained the same; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Information upon Oath of such Demand and

Refusal,

Penalty on Persons wilfully altering Marks.

251

Hop Trade. Cap. 37.

Refusal, to summon before him the Party refusing, and, on being satisfied that such Demand ought to be complied with, to order such Information to be given within a certain Time to be appointed by him; and any such Party who shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Order shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and such Refusal or Neglect shall be deemed conclusive Evidence as against the Person so refusing that he sold the said Hops with full Knowledge that the said Name, Trade Mark, Symbol, or other Description was contrary to the said recited Acts and this Act.

10. If after the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six it shall be made appear to any Justice of the Peace, upon Information upon Oath, that Hops contained in any Bag or Pocket, or any Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, are in the Care or Custody of any Person, which Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, there is good Reason to believe, is or are not marked as required by, or has or have thereon any Mark contrary to this Act and the said recited Acts, it shall be lawful for such Justice to issue his Warrant to any Constable or Constables empowering or requiring him or them to enter upon any Place or Places where such Hops, Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, may be, and to take with him or them all necessary Persons, and there to search for the

aid Hops, Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, and if he or they shall find there any Hops in any Bag or Pocket, or any Bag or Bags, Pocket or Pockets, which he shall Iona jdde believe to be marked contrary to, or not to be marked as by the said Acts and this Act required, to seize the said Hops, Bag or Bags, and Pocket or Pockets, and to detain the same for a Space of Time not exceeding One Month, or such further Time as any Justice of the Peace may order.

11. In every Proceeding and Document whatsoever in which any Description, Trade Mark, or Symbol, or Imitation thereof, marked on any Bag or Pocket, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be intended to be mentioned, it shall not be necessary to set forth any Copy or Facsimile thereof, and it shall be sufficient to describe the same generally as being a Description, Trade Mark, or Symbol, in Imitation thereof, contrary to the said recited Acts and this Act.

12. No Proceeding under this Act or the recited Acts shall take away, diminish, or prejudicially affect any Civil Remedy which the Person aggrieved may be entitled to at Law or in Equity or otherwise, or exempt or excuse any Person from answering or making Discovery upon Examination as a Witness, or upon Interrogatories or otherwise, in any Suit or other Civil Proceeding: Provided always, that no Evidence, Statement, or Discovery which any Person shall be compelled to give or make shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person in support of any Proceeding under this Act or the said recited Acts.

13. Where

Power of Justice to order Search for Bags or Pockets improperly-marked.

Description, Trade Mark, or Symbol may be described generally.

Conviction not to affect any Right or Civil Remedy.

252

Recovery of Penalties.

Summary Proceedings before Justices to be within

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

How Penalties recovered by Action are to be disposed of.

Plaintiff entitled to Costs.

How Penalties recovered by summary Proceedings disposed of.

Limitation of Action.

Cap. 37. Hop Trade. 29 VICT.

13. Where any Person shall have committed any Offence under this Act or the said recited Acts, whereby he shall have forfeited or become liable to pay any Sum of Money, every such Penalty or Sum of Money may be recovered in manner provided by the Fifteenth Section of "The Merchandise Marks Act, 1862."

14. In every Case in which any Penalty or Sum of Money forfeited as herein-before mentioned shall be sought to be recovered by a summary Proceeding before Two Justices of the Peace, the Offence or Act by the committing or doing of which such Penalty or Sum of Money shall have been so forfeited shall be and be deemed to be an Offence and Act within the Meaning of a Statute passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders; and the Information, Conviction of the Offender, and other Proceedings for the Recovery of the Penalty or Sum so forfeited shall be had according to the Provisions of the said Act.

15. In every Case in which Judgment shall be obtained in any Action for the Amount of any Penalty or Sum of Money forfeited as aforesaid, the Amount of such Penalty or Sum of Money in respect of which such Judgment was so recovered as aforesaid shall he paid by the Defendant to the Sheriff or Officer entitled to levy, demand, or receive the same, who shall account for one Moiety thereof in like Manner as other Monies payable to Her Majesty, and shall pay the other Moiety to the Plaintiff; and, if it be not paid, the said Penalty or Sum of Money may be recovered, or the Amount thereof levied, or the Payment thereof enforced by Execution or other proper Proceeding as Money due to Her Majesty; and any Plaintiff suing on behalf of Her Majesty upon obtaining Judgment shall be entitled to recover and have Execution for all the Costs of Suit, which shall include a full Indemnity for all Costs and Charges which he shall or may have expended or incurred in, about, or for the Purposes of the Action, unless the Court or a Judge thereof shall direct that Costs of the ordinary Amount only shall be allowed.

16. One Moiety of any Penalty or Sum of Money recovered by summary Proceeding as aforesaid shall be deemed Money payable to Her Majesty, and the other Moiety shall he paid by the Justices to the Complainant.

17. No Person shall commence any Action or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty after the Expiration of Three Years next after the committing of the Offence, or should Discovery thereof not be made within the said Three Years, then no Person shall commence any Action or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalties after the Expiration of One Year next after the said Discovery of the Offence.

18. Every

253

Hop Trade. Cap. 37, 38.

18. Every Person who after the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall sell any Hops in any Bag or Pocket having marked thereon any Name, Description, Date, Trade Mark, or Symbol intended to indicate the Name of the Person by whom, or the Parish, County, or Place where, or the Year when the said Hops were grown, shall be deemed to contract that the said Description, Date, Trade Mark, and Symbol were genuine and true, and that such Description, Date, Trade Mark, and Symbol were in accordance with this and the said recited Acts.

19. In every Case in which any Person shall do or cause to be done any Act contrary to this or the said recited Acts, every Person aggrieved by any such wrongful Act shall be entitled to maintain an Action or Suit for Damages in respect thereof against the Person who shall be guilty of having done such Act, or causing or procuring the same to be done.

20. The Provisions of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Sections of "The Merchandise Marks Act, 1862," shall be considered as incorporated in this Act as fully as if the same were here set forth and re-enacted at Length.

21. From and after the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the Provisions of the Second Section of the Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His then present Majesty to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops, shall be and is hereby repealed.

22. The Expression "The Hop (Prevention of Frauds) Act, 1866," shall be a sufficient Description of this Act.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable Boards of Guardians in Ireland to provide Coffins and Shrouds for the Burial of poor Persons who at the Time of their Death were not in receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates.

[11th June 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision shall be made for the decent Burial of poor Persons in Ireland whose c Relatives may be unable to provide Means for such Purpose, although such deceased Persons may not at the Time of ' their Death have been in receipt of Relief under the Acts in force for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, or dependant for Support on any Person receiving such Relief Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Guardians of any Union in Ireland, or in any Case- of

Vendor to be deemed to contract that Description, &c. is genuine.

Party aggrieved may recover Damages.

Provisions of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 88. incorporated.

From 21st Aug. 1866, s. 2. of 54 G. 3. c. 123. repealed.

[Short Title.]

The Guardians of each Union shall provide

254

Means for the decent Burial of poor Persons dying in such Union, in certain Cases.

Former Acts and this Act to be construed as One.

[Short Title.]

Definition of Terms.

Cap. 38, 39. Poor Persons Burial (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Urgency for the Relieving Officer, subject in both Cases to any Rule which the Commissioners for administrating the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland may make in that Behalf, to provide Coffins and Shrouds for the Interment of poor Persons dying within such Union, although such Persons may not at the Time of their Death have been in receipt of Relief under the Acts for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, or dependant for Support on any Person receiving such Relief; and the Expense thereof shall be charged on the Rates of the Electoral Division, or of the Union, in like Manner as the said deceased Person would have been chargeable if he had been in receipt of Relief at the Time of his Death.

2. The several Acts for the Relief of the Poor now in force in Ireland and this Act shall be construed as One Act, save so far as the same are inconsistent one with the other, and the Words herein used shall be interpreted in the Manner prescribed by the Acts now in force.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to consolidate the Duties of the Exchequer and Audit Departments to regulate the Receipt, Custody, and Issue of Public Moneys, and to provide for the Audit of the Accounts thereof.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate the Powers and c Duties of the Comptroller of Her Majesty's Exchequer and of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and to unite in One Department the Business hitherto conducted by the separate Establishments under them; and to make other Provisions for the more complete Examination of the Public Accounts of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1# This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866."

2. In this Act "the Treasury" shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Two or more of them;" the Bank of England" shall mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of England;" the Bank of Ireland" shall mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland;" the National Debt Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt;"Principal Accountants" shall mean those who receive Issues directly from the Accounts of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively;" Sub-Accountants" shall mean those who receive Advances, by way of Imprest, from Principal Accountants, or who receive Fees or other Public

Moneys

1866.

255

Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39.

.'Moneys through other Channels;" the Secretaries of the Treasury " shall include the Assistant Secretary.

3. At any Time within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom to nominate and appoint the Person who shall at that Time hold the Office of Comptroller General of the Receipt and Issue of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to be Comptroller General of the Receipt and Issue of Her Majesty's Exchequer and Auditor General of Public Accounts, in this Act referred to as " Comptroller and Auditor General," and also to nominate and appoint One of the Persons who shall at that Time hold the Offices of Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to be " Assistant Comptroller and Auditor."

The said Comptroller and Auditor General and Assistant Comptroller and Auditor shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, subject, however, to their Removal therefrom by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, on ail Address from the Two Houses of Parliament; and they shall not be capable of holding their Offices together with any other Office to be held during Pleasure under the Crown, or under any Officer appointed by the Crown; nor shall they be capable while holding their Offices of being elected or of sitting as Members of the House of Commons; nor shall any Peer of Parliament be capable of holding either of the said Offices.

4. Her Majesty may, by such Letters Patent, grant to the Persons therein named the following Salaries; that is to say.

To the Comptroller and Auditor General a Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the Assistant Comptroller and Auditor a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; and such Salaries shall be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing Produce thereof.

It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent as aforesaid, to grant to any Person who shall have executed the Offices of Comptroller and Auditor General, or Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, on his ceasing to hold such Office, an Annuity or Pension not exceeding One Half of the Salary of his Office to which he shall have been entitled immediately before he ceased to hold such Office, if he shall have held either, or one after the other, of the said Offices or the Office of Commissioner of Audit for a Period not less than Fifteen Years, and Two Thirds of his said Salary if he shall have held either, or one after the other, of the said Offices for a Period not less than Twenty Years: Provided always, that no such Annuity or Pension shall be granted to either of the said Officers unless he be Sixty Years of Age at the least, or be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, the same Y 2 to

Power to Her Majesty to appoint " Comptroller and Auditor General " and " Assistant Comptroller and Auditor," who shall not hold any other Offices during Pleasure, nor . be Members or Peers of Parliament.

Power to Her Majesty to grant Salaries as herein named, and also Pensions.

256

Present Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and .Commissioners of Audit to be abolished.

Power to grant Compensation Allowances to Commissioners of Audit who are not reappointed.

On Vacancy in Office of Comptroller and Auditor General, &c., Successor to be appointed.

Assistant Comptroller, &c. may act in Absence of Comptroller, &c.

Treasury to appoint Officers, Clerks, &c.,

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT.

to be distinctly recited in such Grant: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent either of the said Officers from receiving, in lieu of such Annuity or Pension, if he shall so elect, the Amount of Superannuation Allowance to which he would have been entitled in respect of the full Period during which he shall have served in the permanent Civil Service of the State, under the Provisions of "The Superannuation Act, 1859."

5. On the Appointment as aforesaid of a Comptroller and Auditor General and an Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, the then existing Letters Patent of Appointments of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and of Commissioners of Audit shall be ipso facto revoked, and the present Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Commissioners of Audit shall be abolished, but the Person appointed to be Comptroller and Auditor General shall have and perform all the Powers and Duties conferred or imposed on the Comptroller General of the Exchequer and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts respectively by any Enactments relative to those Authorities respectively as far as the same are not repealed or altered by this Act or any other Act of the present Session of Parliament; and it shall be lawful for the Treasury to grant to each of the said Commissioners of Audit whose Offices shall be abolished under the Provisions of this Act, and who shall not be appointed to either of the said Offices of Comptroller and Auditor General or Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, an annual Allowance, by way of Compensation, not exceeding the Sum charged on the Consolidated Fund as the Salary of such Commissioners: Provided always, that any Commissioners who may be in receipt of Emoluments exceeding the Salary so charged on the Consolidated Fund shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the aforesaid Compensation Allowance, such Proportion of the said Emoluments as the Treasury are empowered to grant under the Provisions of "The Superannuation Act, 1859;" and such Allowances shall be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing Produce thereof.

6. On the Death, Resignation, or other Vacancy in the Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General, or of the Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, may, by Letters Patent as aforesaid, nominate and appoint a Successor, who shall have the same Powers, Authorities, and Duties, and who shall be paid the like Salary and the like Annuity or Pension out of the Consolidated Fund.

7. Anything which under the Authority of this Act is directed to be done by the Comptroller and Auditor General may, in his Absence, be done by the Assistant Comptroller and Auditor, except the certifying and reporting on Accounts for the House of Commons.

8. The Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons in the Department of the

Comptroller

1866. Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39.

Comptroller and Auditor General* and Her Majesty by Order in Council may from Time to Time regulate the Numbers and Salaries of the respective Grades or Classes into which the said Officers* Clerks* and others shall be divided.

9. The Comptroller and Auditor General shall have full Power to make from Time to Time Orders and Rules for the Conduct of the internal Business of his Department* and to promote* suspend* or remove any of the Officers* Clerks, and others employed therein; and to prescribe Regulations and Forms for the Guidance of Principal and of Sub-Accountants in making up and rendering their periodical Accounts for Examination: Provided always* that all such Regulations and Forms shall be approved by the Treasury previously to the Issue thereof.

10. The Commissioners of Customs* the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and the Postmaster General shall* after Deduction of the Payments for Drawbacks* Bounties of the Nature of Drawbacks* Repayments* and Discounts* cause the gross Revenues of their respective Departments to be paid* at such Times and under such Regulations as the Treasury may from Time to Time prescribe, to Accounts to be intituled " The Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer*" at the Bank of England and at the Bank of Ireland respectively* and all other Public Moneys payable to the Exchequer shall be paid to the same Accounts* and Accounts of all such Payments shall be rendered to the Comptroller and Auditor General daily* in such Form as the Treasury may prescribe: Provided always* that this Enactment shall not be construed to prevent the Collectors and Receivers of the said gross Revenues and Moneys from cashing* as heretofore* under the Authority of any Act or Regulation* Orders issued for Naval* Military* Revenue* Civil* or other Services* repayable to the Revenue Departments out of the Consolidated Fund or out of Moneys provided by Parliament.

11. All Moneys paid into the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland on account of the Exchequer shall be considered by the Governor and Company of the said Banks respectively as forming One general Fund in their Books; and all Orders directed by the Treasury to the said Banks for Issues out of Credits to be granted by the Comptroller and Auditor General* as herein-after provided* for the Public Service* shall be satisfied out of such general Fund; and with a view to economize the Public Balances* the Treasury shall restrict the Sums to be issued or transferred from Time to Time to the Credit of Accounts of Principal Accountants at the said Banks* as herein-after provided* to such total Sums as they may consider necessary for conducting the current Payments for the Public Service intrusted to such Principal Accountants; and the said Principal Accountants may consider the Sums so transferred to their Accounts as constituting Part of their general drawing Balance applicable to the Payment of all the Services for which they are accountable; but such Sums

Y 3 shall

257

and to regulate Numbers and Salaries.

The Comptroller and Auditor General to promote, suspend, or remove Clerks, &c., and to make Regulations, subject to Approval.

Gross Revenues to be paid to Exchequer, and daily Returns to be sent to Comptroller and Auditor General.

Moneys to form One Fund in the Books of the Banks of England and Ireland applicable to Exchequer Issues.

Quarterly Accounts of the Income and Charge of the Consolidated Fund to he prepared.

If it appear by such Account that there is a Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund, Comptroller, &c. to certify to Bank of England or Ireland, who may make Advances.

Credits to be granted to the Treasury for Consolidated Fund Services,

Supplemental Credits for Services charged on the growing Produce.

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT,

shall be carried in the Books of such Accountants to the Credit of the respective Services for which the same may he issued, as specified in such Orders: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not be construed to empower the Treasury or any Authority to direct the Payment, by any such Principal Accountant, of Expenditure not sanctioned by any Act whereby Services are or may be charged on the Consolidated Fund, or by a Vote of the House of Commons, or by an Act for the Appropriation of the Supplies annually granted by Parliament.

12. At the Close of each of the Quarters ending on the Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year the Treasury shall prepare an Account of the Income and Charge of the Consolidated Fund in Great Britain and in Ireland for such Quarter, and the Charges for the Public Debt due on the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January shall be included in the Accounts of the said Charge for the Quarters ending on the Days preceding the latter Dates; and a Copy of such Account shall forthwith be transmitted by the Treasury to the Comptroller and Auditor General; and if it shall appear by such Account that the Income of the Consolidated Fund in Great Britain or in Ireland for the Quarter is not sufficient to defray the Charge upon it, the Comptroller and Auditor General, if satisfied of the Correctness of the Deficiency, shall certify the Amount thereof to the Bank of England or to the Bank of Ireland, as the Case may be, and upon such Certificates the said Banks shall be authorized to make Advances, from Time to Time, during the succeeding Quarter, on the Application of the Treasury, by Writing, in a Form to be from Time to Time determined by them, to an Amount not exceeding in the aggregate the Sums specified in such Certificates; and all such Advances shall be placed to the Credit of the Exchequer Accounts at the said Banks, and be available to satisfy the Orders for Credits granted or to be granted upon the said Accounts by the Comptroller and Auditor General; and the Principal and Interest of all such Advances shall be paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in the said succeeding Quarter.

13. The Comptroller and Auditor General shall grant to the Treasury, from Time to Time, on their Requisitions authorizing the same, if satisfied of the Correctness thereof, Credits on the Exchequer Accounts at the Banks of England and Ireland, or on the growing Balances thereof, not exceeding the Amount of the Charge in the aforesaid quarterly Account of the Income and Charge of the Consolidated Fund remaining unpaid.

The Comptroller and Auditor General shall also grant from Time to Time to the Treasury, on similar Requisitions, supplemental Credits for Services payable under any Act out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, and not included

in

259

1866. Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 89.

in the aforesaid quarterly Account; and the Issues or Transfers Issues to of Moneys required from Time to Time by the Principal Accountants to enable them to make the Payments intrusted 1 to them shall be made out of such Credits on Orders issued to the said Banks* signed by One of the Secretaries of the Treasury* or in their Absence by such Officer or Officers as the Treasury may from Time to Time appoint to that Duty* and in all such Orders the Services for which the Issues may be authorized shall be set forth. Da% Advices

A daily Account of all Issues or Transfers made from the oflssuestobe Exchequer Accounts* in pursuance of such Orders, shall be transmitted by the said Banks to the Comptroller and Auditor Auditor General. General.

14. When any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been Royal Order granted to Her Majesty by a Resolution of the House of Commons* or by an Act of Parliament* to defray Expenses for any specified Public Services* it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time* by Her Royal Order under the Royal Sign Manual* countersigned by the Treasury* to authorize and require the Treasury to issue* out of the Credits to be granted to them on the Exchequer Accounts as herein-after provided* the Sums which may be required from Time to Time to defray such Expenses* not exceeding the Amount of the Sums so voted or granted.

15. When any Ways and Means shall have been granted Credits for

by Parliament to make good the Supplies granted to Her Ser"

Majesty by any Act of Parliament or Desolation of the House of Commons* the Comptroller and Auditor General shall grant

to the Treasury* on their requisition authorizing the same* a

Credit or Credits on the Exchequer Accounts at the Bank of

England and Bank of Ireland* or on the growing Balances

thereof* not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Ways

and Means so granted. Out of the Credits so granted to the Issues to

Treasury Issues shall be made to Principal Accountants from ^rmcipal

Time to Time on Orders issued to the said Banks, signed by ccountan s *

One of the Secretaries of the Treasury* or in their Absence by

such Officer or Officers as the Treasury may from Time to Time appoint to that Duty; and the Services or Votes on

account of which the Issues may be authorized shall be set

forth in such Orders: Provided always* that the Issues for

Army and Navy Services shall be made under the general Heads

of fC Army J5 and c; Navy " respectively.

A daily Account of all Issues made from the Exchequer Accounts in pursuance of such Orders shall be transmitted by the said Banks to the Comptroller and Auditor General.

16. Within Fifteen Days after the Expiration of the Quarters Treasury to ending on the Thirty-first Day of March* the Thirtieth Day Prepare Ac-of June, the Thirtieth Day of September* and the Thirty-first ing^urpluT Day of December in every Year the Treasury shall prepare Income appli-an Account of the Public Income and Expenditure of the tion^of the^110" United Kingdom* according to the actual Receipt and Issue National Debt.

of

260

Certain Payments tinder Contracts or Leases to be made by the Paymaster General.

Treasury to determine what Accounts shall be deemed Public Accounts.

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT.

of Moneys on the Exchequer Accounts at the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland in the Twelve Months ending on such Quarter Days respectively; and if there shall appear by such Account to be a Surplus of Income above Expenditure, the Treasury shall certify the same to the* National Debt Commissioners, and One Fourth Part of such Surplus shall be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt as hereinafter directed; and the National Debt Commissioners shall publish from Time to Time in the London Gazette the Sum which will be so applied in the ensuing Quarter. The Treasury shall cause One Fourth Part of such Surplus Income to be charged on the Consolidated Fund in the Quarter succeeding the Termination of such Account; and the Sum so charged shall be issued by the Treasury from Time to Time in the next ensuing Quarter to the National Debt Commissioners, who shall apply the same, during the said Quarter, in redeeming Funded or Unfunded Debt, or in repaying to the Bank of England or to the Bank of Ireland any Advances made by them, under the Provisions of this Act, towards supplying the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund during the said Quarter; and all Debt so redeemed shall be forthwith cancelled. And a Copy of every Account prepared by the Treasury as aforesaid, certified by the Comptroller and Auditor General, shall be laid before the House of Commons within Fifteen Days after the Expiration of the said quarterly Periods, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not sitting then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled.

17. All Debts accruing due under any Contract or Lease now or hereafter entered into or taken for the Public Service, and payable out of the Supplies from Time to Time voted by Parliament to Her Majesty for the Public Service, in any Department for which the Payments are made by the Paymaster General, shall be discharged and paid in manner following; that is to say, such Debts shall be payable on the Order of the Department, and the Payment thereof shall be made by a Draft drawn by the Paymaster General on the Bank of England, according to the Course and Practice of his Office, payable to the Persons to whom such Debts may be due, or to their Agents.

18. The Treasury may from Time to Time determine at what Banks Accountants shall keep the Public Moneys entrusted to them, and they may also determine what Accounts so opened in the Names of Public Officers or Accountants in the Books of the Bank of England, of the Bank of Ireland, or of any other Bank, shall be deemed Public Accounts; and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Public Officers or Accountants the Balances remaining at the Credit of such Accounts shall, upon the Appointment of their Successors, unless otherwise directed by Law, vest in and be transferred to the Public Accounts of such Successors at the said Banks, and shall not, in the event of the Death of any such Public

Officers

261

1866. Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39.

Officers or Accountants, constitute Assets of the Deceased, or be in any Manner subject to the Control of their legal Representatives.

19. It shall be lawful for the Treasury, whenever they shall consider it for the Advantage of the Public Service, to direct that the Accounts of any Public Officer or Department, which by any Act or Acts are required to be kept under separate Heads at the Bank of England or at the Bank of Ireland, shall be consolidated in such Manner as they shall judge most convenient for the Public Service.

20. It shall be lawful for the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland, at the Request of the Treasury, signified by One of their Secretaries, for the Public Convenience, to open and keep Accounts of Government Stock and Annuities in the Books of the said Banks under the official Description of any Public Officer for the Time being, without naming him; and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities may from Time to Time be received, and the Stock and Annuities or any Part thereof to the Credit of such Account may from Time to Time be transferred, by the Officer for the Time being holding such Office, as if such Stock and Annuities stood in his own Name; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Public Officer, the Stock and Annuities standing to the Credit of such Account, and all Dividends thereon, including any Dividends not theretofore received, shall become vested in his Successor in Office, and be receivable and transferable accordingly. And any such Public Officer in whose official Description such Government Stock and Annuities may be standing may, by Letter of Attorney, authorize the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, or all or any of their Cashiers, to sell and transfer all or any Part of the Stock or Annuities from Time to Time standing in the Books of the said Banks on such Account, and to receive the Dividends due and to become due thereon; but no Stock or Annuities shall be sold or transferred at the said Banks under the Authority of such general Letter of Attorney, except upon an Order in W riting, signed by One of the Secretaries of the Treasury, directed to the proper Officers of the said Banks.

Appropriation Accounts.

21. The Treasury shall cause an Account to be prepared and transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General for Examination on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, showing the Issues made from the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland in the Financial Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March preceding, for the Interest and Management of the Public Funded and Unfunded Debt, for the Civil List, and all other Issues in the Financial Year for Services charged directly on the said Fund; and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall certify and report upon the same with reference to the Acts of Parliament under the Authority

Treasury may direct Consolidation of Accounts at the Bank.

Accounts of Stock may be opened in the Books of the Banks under official Description of Public Officers.

The Banks may be authorized to receive Dividends and sell Stock.

Annual Accounts of Issues for Consolidated Pund Services to be prepared and audited for Parliament.

Annual Accounts of the Appropriation of Public Money to be prepared for the House of Commons.

Each Department to keep such Books of Account as may be prescribed by the Treasury.

Description of Account.

A Balance Sheet or Statement to accompany the Appropriation Account.

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT.

Authority of which such Issues may have been directed; and such Accounts and Reports shall be laid before the House of Commons by the Treasury on or before the Thirty-first Day of January in the following Year, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not sitting, then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled.

22. On or before the Days specified in the respective Columns of Schedule A. annexed to this Act, Accounts of the Appropriation of the several Supply Grants comprised in the Appropriation Act of each Year shall be prepared by the several Departments, and be transmitted for Examination to the Comptroller and Auditor General and to the Treasury, and when certified and reported upon as herein-after directed they shall be laid before the House of Commons; and such Accounts shall be called the <f Appropriation Accounts " of the Moneys expended for the Services to which they may respectively relate; and the Treasury shall determine by what Departments such Accounts shall be prepared and rendered to the Comptroller and Auditor General, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall certify and report upon such Accounts as hereinafter directed; and the Reports thereon shall be signed by the Comptroller and Auditor General: Provided always, and it is the Intention of this Act that the Treasury shall direct that the Department charged wdth the Expenditure of any Vote under the Authority of the Treasury shall prepare the Appropriation Account thereof: Provided also, that the Term a Department," when used in this Act in connexion with the Duty of preparing the said Appropriation Accounts, shall be construed as including any Public Officer or Officers to whom that Duty may be assigned by the Treasury.

23. A Plan of Account Books and Accounts, adapted to the Requirements of each Service in order to exhibit, in a convenient Form, the whole of the Receipts and Payments in respect of each Vote, shall be designed under the Superintendence of the Treasury; and Pier Majesty may from Time to Time, by Order in Council, prescribe the Manner in which each Department of the Public Service shall keep its Accounts.

24. An Appropriation Account of Supply Grants shall exhibit on the Charge Side thereof the Sum or Sums appropriated by Parliament for the Service of the Financial Year to which the Account relates, and on the Discharge Side thereof the Sums which may have actually come in course of Payment within the same Period; and no Imprest or Advance, of the Application of which an Account may not have been rendered to and allowed by the accounting Department, shall be included on the Discharge Side thereof.

25. The Department charged with the Duty of preparing the Appropriation Account of a Grant shall, if required so to do by the Comptroller and Auditor General, transmit to him, together with the annual Appropriation Account of such Grant, a Balance Sheet so prepared as to show the Debtor and

Creditor

1866.

Exchequer and Audit Departments.

Cap. 39.

263

Creditor Balances in the Ledgers of such Department on the Day when the said Appropriation Account was closed, and to verify the Balances appearing upon the annual Appropriation Account: Provided always, that the Comptroller and Auditor General may, if he thinks fit, require the said Department to transmit to him in lieu of such Balance Sheet a certified Statement showing the actual Disposition of the Balances appearing upon the annual Appropriation Account on the last Day of the Period of such Account.

26. Every Appropriation Account when rendered to the Comptroller and Auditor General shall be accompanied by an Explanation showing how the Balance or Balances on the Grant or Grants included in the previous Account have been adjusted, and shall also contain an explanatory Statement of any Excess of Expenditure over the Grant or Grants included in such Account, and such Statement as well as the Appropriation Account shall be signed by such Department.

27. Every Appropriation Account shall be examined by the Comptroller and Auditor General on behalf of the House of Commons; and in the Examination of such Accounts the Comptroller and Auditor General shall ascertain, first, whether the Payments which the accounting Department has charged to the Grant are supported by Vouchers or Proofs of Payments, and, second, whether the Money expended has been applied to the Purpose or Purposes for which such Grant was intended to provide: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that whenever the said Comptroller and Auditor General shall be required by the Treasury to ascertain whether the Expenditure included or to be included in an Appropriation Account, or any Portion of such Expenditure, is supported by the Authority of the Treasury, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine such Expenditure with that Object, and shall report to the Treasury any Expenditure which may appear, upon such Examination, to have been incurred without such Authority; and if the Treasury should not thereupon see fit to sanction such unauthorized Expenditure, it shall be regarded as being not properly chargeable to a Parliamentary Grant, and shall be reported to the House of Commons in the Manner herein-after provided.

28. In order that such Examination may as far as possible proceed, pari passu, with the Cash Transactions of the several accounting Departments, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall have free Access, at all convenient Times, to the Books of Account and other Documents relating to the Accounts of such Departments, and may require the several Departments concerned to furnish him, from Time to Time, or at regular Periods, with Accounts of the Cash Transactions of such Departments respectively up to such Times or Periods.

29. In conducting the Examination of the Vouchers relating to the Appropriation of the Grants for the several Services enumerated in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, the Comptroller

The Appropriation Account to be accompanied by a Statement explaining Disposal of Balances, &c.

In what Manner the Examination of Appropriation Accounts shall be conducted by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

The Comptroller and Auditor General to have Access to Books of Account, See. in the accounting Departments.

How the Vouchers of Appropriation Accounts

264

included in Schedule (B.) shall be examined.

How other Vouchers are to be examined.

Objections made by the Comptroller, &c. to be reported to the accounting Department, and in certain Cases to the Treasury.

What Reports the Comptroller and Auditor General shall prepare for Submission to Parliament.

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 TlCT.

troller and Auditor General, after satisfying himself that the Accounts bear Evidence that the Touchers have been completely checked, examined, and certified as correct in every respect, and that they have been allowed and passed by the proper departmental Officers, may admit the same as satisfactory Evidence of Payment in support of the Charges to which they may relate: Provided always, that if the Treasury should desire any such Touchers to be examined by the Comptroller and Auditor General in greater Detail, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall cause such Touchers to be subjected to such a detailed Examination as the Treasury may think fit to prescribe.

30. In conducting the Examination of the Touchers relating to the Appropriation of the Grants for any Services not enumerated in the aforesaid Schedule, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall test the Accuracy of the Castings and Computation of the several Items of such Touchers: Provided always, that when any Touchers have been certified to be correct by any Officers specially authorized to examine the same, it shall be lawful for the Comptroller and Auditor General, with the Consent of the Treasury, to dispense with a Second Examination of the particular Items of such Touchers.

31. If during the Progress of the Examination by the Comptroller and Auditor General herein-before directed any Objections should arise to any Item to be introduced into the Appropriation Account of any Grant, such Objections shall, notwithstanding such Account shall not have been rendered to him, be immediately communicated by him to the Department concerned, and if the Objections should not be answered to his Satisfaction by such Department, they shall be referred by him to the Treasury, and the Treasury shall determine in what Manner the Items in question shall be entered in the annual Appropriation Account.

32. In reporting as herein-before directed, for the Information of the House of Commons, the Result of the Examination of the Appropriation Accounts, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall prepare Reports on the Appropriation Account of the Army and on that of the Navy separately.

He shall prepare a Report on the Appropriation Accounts of the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office.

He shall prepare a Report or Reports on the Accounts relating to the several Grants included within each of the Classes into which the Grants for Civil Services are divided in the Appropriation Act.

In all Reports as aforesaid he shall call attention to every Case in which it may appear to him that a Grant has been exceeded, or that Money received by a Department from other Sources than the Grants for the Year to which the Account relates has not been applied or accounted for according to the Directions of Parliament, or that a Sum charged against a Grant is not supported by Proof of Payment, or that a Payment

265

Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39.

ment so charged did not occur within the Period of the Account, or was for any other Reason not properly chargeable against the Grant.

If the Treasury shall not, within the Time prescribed by this Act, present to the House of Commons any Report made by the Comptroller and Auditor General on any of the Appropriation Accounts, or on the Accounts of Issues for Consolidated Fund Services, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall forthwith present such Report.

Accounts other than Appropriation Accounts.

33. Besides the Appropriation Accounts of the Grants of Parliament, the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and audit, if required so to do by the Treasury, and in accordance with any Regulations that may be prescribed for his Guidance in that Behalf by the Treasury, the following Accounts; viz., the Accounts of all Principal Accountants, the Accounts of the Receipt of Revenue by the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, the Accounts of every Receiver of Money which is by Law payable into Her Majesty's Exchequer, and any other Public Accounts which, though not relating directly to the Receipt or Expenditure of Imperial Funds, the Treasury may by Minute, to be laid before Parliament, direct.

34. The Accounts which by the last preceding Section the Treasury are empowered to subject to the Examination of the Comptroller and Auditor General shall be rendered to him by the Departments or Officers who may be directed so to do by the Treasury; and the Term " Accountant," when used in this and the following Sections of this Act with reference to any such Accounts, shall be taken to mean the Department or Officer that may be so required by the Treasury to render the same; and every Public Officer into whose Hands Public Moneys, either in the Nature of Revenue or Fees of Office, shall be paid by Persons bound by Law or Regulation to do so, or by surbordinate or other Officers whose Duty it may be to pay such Moneys, wholly or in part, into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, or to apply the same to any Public Service, shall, at such Times and in such Form as the Treasury shall determine, render an Account of his Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller and Auditor General; and it shall be the Duty of the Treasury to inform him of the Appointment of every such Officer.

35. Accountants shall transmit their Accounts together with the Authorities and Vouchers relating thereto to the Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General in such Form, and for such Periods, and under such Regulations as he may from Time to Time prescribe for the Guidance of such Accountants: Provided always, that no such Regulations shall be obligatory on such Accountants until they shall have been approved by the Treasury.

Accounts other than Appropriation Accounts to he examined under Treasury Directions by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

By whom such Accounts shall be rendered.

Accountants to transmit their Accounts, &e. to Comptroller and Auditor General under certain Regulations.

z

266

As to the Examination and passing of Accounts,

Vouchers may "be allowed though not stamped.

Certificates of Discharge to "be delivered to Accountants,

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT,

36* The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine the several Accounts transmitted to him with as little Delay as possible, and when the Examination of each Account shall be completed he shall make up a Statement thereof in such Form as he may deem fit, and if it shall appear from the Statement so made up of any Account, being an Account Current, that the Balance thereon agrees with the Accountant's Balance, or if it shall appear from any Account rendered by an Accountant, as well as from the Statement of such Account by the Comptroller and Auditor General, that the Accountant is " even " and quit," the Comptroller and Auditor General is hereby required to sign and pass such Statement of Account so made up by him as aforesaid: Provided always, that in all other Cases whatever, the Comptroller and Auditor General having made up the Statement of Account as herein-before directed shall transmit the same to the Treasury, who, having considered such Statement, shall return it to him, with their Warrant attached thereto, directing him to sign and pass the Account, either conformably to the Statement thereof, or with such Alterations as the Treasury may deem just and reasonable; and a Statement of the Account made up by the Comptroller and Auditor General, in accordance with such Treasury Warrant, shall then be signed and passed by him: Provided further, that a List of all Accounts which the Comptroller and Auditor General may sign and pass (such List to be so prepared as to show thereon the Charge, Discharge, and Balance of each Account respectively) shall be submitted by him to the Treasury twice in every Year, videlicet, not later than the First Week of February and the First Week of August.

37. It shall be lawful for the Comptroller and Auditor General, in the Examination of any Accounts, to admit and allow, in Cases where it shall appear to him to be reasonable and expedient for the Public Service, Vouchers for any Moneys expressed therein, although such Vouchers be not stamped according to Law.

38. As soon as any Account shall have been signed and passed by the Comptroller and Auditor General, he shall transmit to the Accountant a Certificate, in which the total Amount of the Sums forming respectively the Charge and Discharge of such Account, and the Balance, if any, remaining due to or by such Accountant, shall be set forth; and every such Certificate shall be signed by him, and shall be valid and effectual to discharge the Accountant, as the Case may be, either wholly, or from so much of the Amount with which he may have been chargeable, as he may appear by such Certificate to be discharged from: Provided always, that when any Account, not being an Account Current, has been signed and passed by the Comptroller and Auditor General with a Balance due thereon to the Crown, he shall not make out or grant any such Certificate as aforesaid until the Accountant has satisfied him either that he has discharged the full Amount of such Balance,

and

1866.

267

Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39.

and any Interest that may, as herein-after provided, be payable thereon, or that he has been relieved from the Payment thereof, or of so much thereof as has not been paid, by a Warrant from the Treasury.

39. No Declaration shall be made by the Comptroller and Auditor General before the Chancellor of the Exchequer in relation to any Account, or any State or Statement thereof; nor shall any such State or Statement be enrolled as of Record in the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; but every Statement of an Account made out, signed, and passed as aforesaid, shall be recorded in the Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General, and the recording of such Statement of Account in his Office shall be as valid and effectual for enabling any Process in the Law against the Party chargeable, and any other Proceeding for the Recovery of any Balances and any Interest thereon, and for all other Purposes, as the Enrolment of a declared Account in the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer would have been if this Act had not been passed; and a Copy, certified under the Hands of the Comptroller and Auditor General, of the Record of any such Statement of Account, shall be taken notice of and proceeded upon in the like Manner as the Record of any such declared Account, enrolled as aforesaid, might have been if this Act had not been passed.

40. In all Cases where the Comptroller and Auditor General shall be required by the Treasury to examine and audit the Accounts of the Receipt, Expenditure, Sale, Transfer, or Delivery of any Securities, Stamps, Government Stock or Annuities, Provisions, or Stores, the Property of Her Majesty, he shall, on the Examination of such Accounts being completed, transmit a Statement thereof, or a Report thereon, to the Treasury, who shall, if they think fit, signify their Approval of such Accounts to him, and he shall thereupon transmit to the Accountant a Certificate in a Form to be from Time to Time determined by the Comptroller and Auditor General, which shall be to such Accountant a valid and effectual Discharge from so much as he may thereby appear to be discharged from.

41. Every Accountant shall, on the Termination of his Charge as such Accountant, or in case of a deceased Accountant his Representatives shall forthwith pay over any Balance of Public Money then due to the Public in respect of such Charge to the Public Officer authorized to receive the same; and in all Cases in which it shall appear to the Comptroller and Auditor General that Balances of Public Money have been improperly and unnecessarily retained by an Accountant, he shall report the Circumstances of such Cases to the Treasury; and the Treasury shall take such Measures as to them may seem expedient for recovering by legal Process, or by other lawful Ways and Means, the Amount of such Balance or Balances, together with Interest thereon, upon the whole or Part of

Z 2 such

Declaration of Accounts before the Chancellor of the Exchequer abolished.

Examination and passing of Store Accounts.

Adjustment of Balances on Accounts, and when Interest may be charged . on such Balances.

Where Estate of a Public Accountant is sold under Writ of Extent, and the Purchase Money paid, the Purchaser to be exonerated.

Accountants to have in all Cases a Eight of Appeal to the Treasury.

Treasury may dispense with Examination of certain Accounts by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

Saving all existing Eights of the Crown.

Acts in Schedule (C.) to be repealed.

[Commencement of Act.]

Cap. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments. 29 & 30 VICT.

such Balance or Balances, for such Period of Time and at such Rate, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum> as to the Treasury may appear just and reasonable.

42. In all Cases where any Estate belonging to a Public Accountant shall be sold under any Writ of Extent or any Decree or Order of the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, and the Purchaser thereof or of any Part thereof shall have paid his Purchase Money into the Hands of any Public Accountant authorized to receive the same, such Purchaser shall be wholly exonerated and discharged from all further Claims of Her Majesty for or in respect of any Debt arising upon the Account of such Accountant, although the Purchase Money so paid be not sufficient in Amount to discharge the whole of the said Debt.

43. In all Cases in which an Accountant may be dis-satisfied with any Disallowance or Charge in his Accounts made by the Comptroller and Auditor General, such Accountant shall have a Right of Appeal to the Treasury, who, after such further Investigation as they may consider equitable, whether by viva voce Examination or otherwise, may make such Order, directing the Relief of the Appellant wholly or in part from the Disallowance or Charge in question, as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall govern himself accordingly.

44. It shall be lawful for the Treasury, from Time to Time, if they see fit so to do, to dispense with the Transmission, to the Comptroller and Auditor General, of any Accounts not being Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Public Money, and with the Audit of such Accounts by him, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that Copies of any Treasury Minutes dispensing with the Audit of such Accounts shall be laid before Parliament.

45. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to abridge or alter the Rights and Powers of Her Majesty to control, suspend, or prevent the Execution of any Process or Proceeding, under this Act or otherwise, for recovering Money due to the Crown.

46. The Acts mentioned in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed shall be repealed to the Extent mentioned in such Schedule, and all Accounts required or directed to be audited by the Board of Audit shall be audited according to the Provisions of this Act: But nothing herein shall be deemed to confer upon the Treasury the Powers with respect to Audit vested in the Admiralty by the " Greenwich Hospital Act 1865," or to affect any Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability acquired or accrued before the Commencement of this Act: Provided always, that this Act shall not affect any Proceeding which may have been commenced under any of the said Acts before this Act comes into operation.

47. This Act shall commence on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

ScHE-

Exchequer and Audit Departments. Cap. 39. 269

SCHEDULE A.

Dates after the Termination of every Financial Year to which Appropriation Accounts relate, on or before which they are to be made up and submitted.

Grants or Services to which the Appropriation Accounts relate.

To the Comptroller and Auditor General by the Departments.

To the Treasury by Comptroller and Auditor General.

To the House of Commons by the Treasury.

Army - - 31 December 31 January 5 February

Navy Miscellaneous Civil Services — (Classes I. to VII.) Revenue Departments (Salaries, Superannuation, &c., 30Novem- 15 January 31 January

and Expenses) Post Office Packet Service and All other Services voted in Supply ber

SCHEDULE B.

Army;

Navy;

and such other Services as the Treasury, by their Minute, to be laid before Parliament, may direct; but no such Minute shall take effect until it shall have lain before the House of Commons Thirty Days, unless it shall have been previously approved by a Resolution of the House of Commons.

SCHEDULE C.

Enactments repealed.

25 Geo. 3. c. 52.

27 Geo. 3. c. 13. in part.

An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

An Act for repealing the several Duties^ of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National DebtJ Section Seventy-two.

>in part; namely, —

39 & 40 Geo. 3.

c. 54. in part.

45 Geo. 3. c. 55.

46 Geo. 3. c. 141.

47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2.

c. 39.

52 Geo. 3. c. 52.

53 Geo. 3. c. 150.

57 Geo. 3. c. 48.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 121. in part.

10 Geo. 4. c. 27.

2 & 3 Will 4. c. 26.

2 & 3 Will 4. c. 99.

c. 104.

in part; namely, -

An Act for more effectually charging^)

Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest to them in certain Cases; and for compelling the Payment of Balances j due from them -J

Sections Four, Five, Six, Nine, Ten, and Thirteen.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain Cases, to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped according to Law.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with Interest upon Balances, and for other Purposes relating to the passing of Publick Accounts.

An Act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to repeal certain former Acts relating thereto.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal; for removing Delays in passing the Public Accounts; and for making new Arrangements for conducting the Business of the Audit Office.

An Act to make further Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

An Act to alter and abolish certain '

Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office relative to Public Accountants; and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues

Except Sections Twenty-seven, Twenty-eight, and Twenty-nine.

An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain to examine and audit Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues.

An Act for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

An Act to Tegulate the Period of Tendering the Public Accounts and making up the General Imprest Certificates.

x

4 3c 5 Will. 4. c. 15. in part.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

in part.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 92.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42.

in part.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 19.

c. 94. in part.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 96.

in part.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 93.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 93.

in part; namely, — and Two hundred

An Act to regulate the Office of the]

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer >: — at Westminster -

Except Sections Seven and Twenty-six.

An Act for the Regulation of Municipal.

Corporations in Ireland

Sections Two hundred and thirteen and fourteen.

An Act to provide for the Preparation, Audit, and Presentation to Parliament of annual Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Naval and Military Departments.

An Act to make better Provision for the

Management of the Woods, Forests, I

and Land Revenues of the Crown, >in part; namely, —

and for the Direction of Public Works

and Buildings -

Section Thirty-eight wholly, and Section Thirty-nine as far as it relates to the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

The Naval Pay and Prize Act, 1854.

An Act to alter the Mode of providing"' for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Branches of the Public Sin part; namely, — Revenues and upon the Consolidated j Fund - -J

Sections Three, Four, and Five.

tLSST855tal Cu!t0msC!nSoMa:}inpart; namely, -Section One.

An Act to provide for the Preparation, Audit, and Presentation to Parliament of annual Accounts of the Appropriation of the Moneys voted for the Revenue Departments.

An Act to consolidate the Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and for other Purposes.

CAP. XL.

An Act to authorize a farther Advance of Money for the Purposes of Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Seign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland; and a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twelfth Year of the Peign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize further Advances of Money for the Improvement of Landed Property, and the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility, in Ireland; and a further Act was passed in

the

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 23.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59.

13 & H Vict. c. 31.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 113.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 34.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 29.

Power to Treasury to issue One million Pounds for the Purposes of the Acts.

The Commissioners of Public Works may make Advances to such

Cap. 40. Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

the Session of Parliament held in the Twelfth and Thirteenth c Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act c to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland;

and a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament e held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of e Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize further c Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of ' Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the c Acts relating to such Advances; and a further Act was passed in the said last-mentioned Session of Parliament, intituled c An Act to authorize the Transfer of Loans for the Improve-c ment of Land in Ireland to other Land; and a further Act

was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, f intituled An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improve-6 ment of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Scutch Mills for Flax in Ireland;

and a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the

Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Dwellings for the ' Labouring Classes in Ireland; and a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-fifth and f Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and enlarge the Acts for the c Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland:

And whereas great Benefit has been derived by means of

Loans under the said Acts, and it is expedient to authorize f the Advance of a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Acts, and to extend the Objects for which such

Loans may be made, and to perpetuate such of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts as are terminable

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to issue and advance, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (in addition to the Sums heretofore authorized to be advanced), such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, as may be required for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

2. Notwithstanding anything in the said Act of Thirteenth and Fourteenth of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-one, or other of the said Acts, to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, with the Sanction

of

1866.

273

Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). Cap. 40,

of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of the aforesaid Moneys, to make Loans to any Owner of Lands in Ireland, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, of such Sums and to such Amounts, at such Times and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, may think right and proper.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the said first-recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, by and with the Sanction of and subject to such Pules and Regulations as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (and in such Cases as the said last-mentioned Commissioners may think proper), to make Loans or Advances for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, repayable by means of a Rentcharge at Five per Cent per Annum, payable for a Term of Thirty-five Years instead of Twenty-two Years, as by the said first-recited Act provided; and in case any Loan shall be so made, the Lands specified in the Order of the Commissioners of Public Works for the making of such Loan shall from the Date of such Order become charged with the Payment to Her Majesty of an annual Rentcharge of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Loan from Time to Time advanced, and so in proportion for any lesser Amount, and to be payable for the Term of Thirty-five Years, to be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of October which shall next happen after the Advance in respect of which the Rentcharge shall be charged, such Rentcharge to be paid by equal half-yearly Payments on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth Day of October in every Year, the First of such Payments to be made on the Second of such Days which shall happen next after the Issue of any such Advance in respect of which the Rentcharge shall be charged.

4. All such Loans, repayable as last aforesaid, may be redeemed according to a Schedule to be prepared and certified by the Actuary for the Time being of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and approved of by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

5. In addition to the Purposes for which Loans may be made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, it shall be* lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, in such Cases as they may judge expedient for the Promotion of Agriculture or the Improvement of Lands, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make Loans for the following Purposes, that is to say:

The building or enlarging Farm Dwelling Houses*m connexion with Farm Offices and Buildings erected or to be erected:

The Erection and Improvement (by means of Alterations or Additions) of Dwelling Houses for Labourers:

Planting for Shelter:

The

Amounts as may be sanctioned.

Loans may be made repayable by a Rent-charge calculated at the Rate of 5l. per Cent, per Annum.

Such Rent-charge may be redeemed according to a Schedule to be approved.

Additional Purposes for which Loans may be made.

274

Provisions of former Acts to apply.

This and recited Acts to be construed as One Act.

Sect. 16 of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 77. repealed.

No Justice to be incapable of acting because Member of Body authorized to execute Act or liable to contribute.

[Short Title.]

14 G. 3. c. 48.

Cap. 40, 41, 42, LandectProperty Improvement (7.) 29 & 30 VICT.

The Execution of all such Works as in the Judgment of the Commissioners may be necessary for carrying into effect any Matter or Object herein-before or in the said recited Acts or any of them mentioned, or for deriving the full Benefit thereof.

6. All the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things in the said Acts, or any of them, contained or referred to, and relating to the Security for and Repayment of Loans under the Provisions of the same, shall apply to all Loans duly authorized to be made under this Act.

7. This Act and the Acts herein-before recited or referred to'shall be read together and construed as One Act, save so far as the Provisions of this Act may be inconsistent with the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts or any of them.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1860.

[28th June 1866.]

AS it is expedient that the Provisions of the Act

* Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter c Seventy-seven, as to the Power of Justices of the Peace 6 to act in Cases other than Appeals arising under "The c Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855," should be

repealed, and that the said Act of the Twenty-third and c Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven, should be c amended as herein-after mentioned:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Sixteenth Section of the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven, shall be and is hereby repealed.

2. No Justice of the Peace shall be deemed incapable of acting in Cases under the Nuisances Removal Act* or the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven, by reason of his being a Member of any Body thereby declared to be the Authority to execute the said Act, or by reason of his being a Contributor or liable to contribute to any Rate or Fund out of which it is thereby provided that all Charges and Expenses incurred in executing the said Act and not recovered as therein provided, shall be defrayed.

3. This Act may be cited as " The Nuisances Removal Act, (No. 1), 1866."

CAP. XLII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to life Insurances in Ireland.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

f Third, intituled An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives,

and

215

1866. Life Insurances (Ireland). Cap. 42, 43.

f and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cases where 6 the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or c Death of the Persons insured: And whereas it is expedient 6 that the Provisions of the said recited Act should be extended c to Ireland? Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1# From and after the Commencement of this Act the Provisions of the said recited Act shall extend to Ireland.

2. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and shall apply to all Policies of Insurance upon Lives entered into upon and after that Date.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the Establishment and Regulation of Sayings Banks for Seamen and Marines of the Royal Navy.

[28th June 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Naval Savings Banks Act, 1866.

2. In this Act the Term cc the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

3. This Act shall, with respect to the making of any Order in Council under it, take effect from its passing, and shall in all other respects take effect from the Time appointed for its Commencement by any such Order.

4. The Admiralty may establish Naval Savings Banks for the Receipt of Deposits of Money from Petty Officers and Seamen borne on the Books of any Vessel in Her Majesty's Service, and from Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Marines.

5. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time to make, by Order in Council, such Regulations as to Her Majesty in Council seem meet for the Management of Naval Savings Banks (in this Act referred to as the Regulations), and thereby to prescribe (among other Things) the Rate of Interest to be allowed on Deposits, not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings per Centum per Annum, and the Terms and Conditions on which Deposits are to be received and Interest is to be paid.

The

Recited Act extended to Ireland. Commencement of Act.

[Short Title.]

" The Admiralty."

[Commencement of Act.]

Power to Admiralty to establish Savings Banks.

Regulations to be made by Order in Council.

Publication of Orders in Council.

Naval Savings Banks not deemed within Sect. 38. of 26 & 27 Vict. c. 87.

Transfer of Deposits to other Savings Banks.

Investment of Deposits and Application of Interest, &c.

Sale of Stocks, &c., and Application of Proceeds.

Annual Account to be laid before Parliament.

Cap. 43. Mxval Savings Banks. 29 & 30 VICT.

The Regulations shall be binding on all Parties interested in the Matters to which they relate as if they were enacted in this Act.

6. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette; and a Copy of the Gazette containing the same shall be conclusive Evidence of the making and Contents thereof; and every such Order shall be judicially noticed without being specially pleaded.

Every such Order in Council shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

7. A Naval Savings Bank shall not be deemed a Savings Bank within the Meaning of Section Thirty-eight of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Eighty-seven)," to con-fff solidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks," or of any other Enactment relating to Savings Banks in force at the passing of this Act.

8. Subject and according to the Regulations, a Deposit in a Naval Savings Bank, or Part thereof, may be transferred to a Savings Bank certified under the Act of 1863, or to a Post Office Savings Bank, and the whole Amount transferred shall be received in the Bank to which the Transfer is made, notwithstanding anything in the Acts relating to Savings Banks, but the same, when received, shall be subject to the Provisions of those Acts.

9. Any Deposits in Naval Savings Banks may from Time to Time be invested (subject and according to the Regulations) in the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt in Stocks, Annuities, or Securities approved by the Admiralty and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the Interest or Dividends accruing in respect of such Investments may from Time to Time be invested (subject and according to the Regulations) in like Manner; and such Interest or Dividends shall not be subject to any Taxes, Charges, or Impositions whatever.

10. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall from Time to Time, on the Requisition of the Admiralty, sell any Stocks, Annuities, or Securities for the Time being standing in their Names under this Act, and shall pay the Proceeds of any such Sale to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General at the Bank of England; and the same shall be applied, subject and according to the Regulations.

11. An Account shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, showing the Deposits in Naval Savings Banks and the Payments thereof and of. Interest thereon, and all Investments under this Act, and the Application of the Interest or Dividends accruing in respect thereof, and of the Proceeds of any Sale of any Stocks, Annuities, or Securities.

Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland). Cap. 44.

277

Interpretation of Terms.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes in Ireland.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS it is desirable for the Health, Comfort, and Welfare of the Inhabitants of Towns and populous

Districts to encourage the Erection and Establishment of c Lodging Houses and Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In citing this Act for any Purpose it shall be sufficient to Short Title, use the Expression " The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses " and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866."

2. In this Act the several Words following shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them:

The Words "Dwelling Houses" shall include Lodging Houses:

The Word " Borough" shall mean and include any City,

Borough, or Town:

The Term " Council" shall mean the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or other the Municipal Corporation of any Borough, or any Town having Municipal Commissioners under the Act Third and Fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eight:

The Term " Town Commissioners" shall mean any Commissioners intrusted with the paving, lighting, or cleansing of any Borough, or any Commissioners in any Townships under Local Acts; and the Word " Person " shall include Persons:

The Term uPublic Works Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being:

The Term " Lords of the Treasury" shall mean the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being:

"Bates" shall mean the Rates, Tolls, Bents, Income, and other Monies whatsoever which under the Provisions of any Act shall be applicable for the general Purposes of such Act:

"Lands" shall mean Tenements and Hereditaments of whatsoever Nature or Tenure:

tc Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace for the County,

Division, Liberty, Borough, or Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of such Justice shall arise.

3. This Act jnay be adopted for any Borough in Ireland Act may be which now has or may hereafter have any Municipal Cor- adopted many

Borough.

278

Council of Corporation may determine that this Act shall be adopted.

On Requisition of Ratepayers the Council or Town Commissioners to postpone Proceedings for One Year.

Expenses to be paid out of Rates.

Net Income to he paid to the Credit of the Borough Fund.

Commissioners of Public Works may

Cap. 44, Labouring Classes Dwellings (Deland), 29 & 30 VICT.

poration, or in which now exist or may hereafter exist any Commissioners for the paving, lighting, or cleansing of the same, under any Public or Local Act of Parliament or any Charter, and any Townships having Commissioners under Local Acts.

4. The Council of the Corporation or the Town Commissioners of any such Borough or Commissioners for any Township may, if they think fit, determine that this Act shall be adopted for such Borough, Town, or Township, and then and in such Case such of the Provisions of this Act as are applicable in that Behalf shall thenceforth take effect and come into operation in such Borough, Town, or Township, and shall be carried into execution by such Council or Town Commissioners as aforesaid.

5. Such Council or Town Commissioners shall give not less than Twenty-eight nor more than Forty-two Days public Notice of their Intention to take into consideration the Propriety of adopting this Act, and of the Time and Place for holding the Meeting at which they will take it into consideration; and if there be presented to such Council or Town Commissioners at that Meeting a Memorial in Writing, signed by not less than One Tenth in Value of the Persons liable to be rated to Bates made by such Council or Town Commissioners, requesting such Council or Town Commissioners to postpone such Consideration for a Period of One Year, then and in such Case such Consideration shall be postponed for such Period of One Year, and shall be entered on as soon after the Expiration of the Year of Postponement as such Council or Town Commissioners shall think fit.

6. The Expenses of carrying this Act into execution in any such Borough in which it shall be so adopted shall be paid out of any Bates which such Council or such Town Commissioners may have Power to impose for the Purpose of paving, lighting, cleansing, or otherwise improving the Borough, Town, or Township, and which Bates it is hereby enacted may be increased for the Purpose of defraying such Expense, such Increase to be subject to the Approval of the Lords of the Treasury.

7. The net Income arising from any Lodging Houses or Dwellings built by any Council or Town Commissioners after the Payment of all Outgoings, including the Interest and Instalments of Principal of any borrowed Money, shall be paid to the Credit of the Borough or Town Commissioners Fund or otherwise in aid of the Rates which may have been applied to the Payment of the Expenses aforesaid, and the Council or Town Commissioners shall keep distinct Accounts of their Expenses, Receipts, and Liabilities with reference to the Execution of this Act, to be called C(The Labourers Dwellings Account."

8. For the Purposes herein-after mentioned the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may, out of the Funds

from

1866. Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland). Cap. 44.

from Time to Time at their Disposal, advance on Loan to any such Council or Town Commissioners as aforesaid, or to any Company, Society, or Person as herein-after mentioned, namely, any Railway Company, or Dock or Harbour Company or Commissioners, or any other Company, Society, or Association established for Trading or Manufacturing Purposes in the course of whose Business or in discharge of whose Duties Persons of the Labouring Class may be employed, any private Person or Persons entitled to any Land held in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, or for Lives renewable for ever or for any Term of Years whereof not less than Eighty Years shall be unexpired, and all such Advances by way of Loan shall be applied towards the Purchase of Land or Buildings and the Erection, Alteration, and Adaptation of Buildings to be used as Dwellings for the Labouring Classes, and in providing all Conveniences which may be deemed by the Commissioners of Public Works proper in connexion with such Dwellings, and in the Case of Loan to any such Council or Town Commissioners as aforesaid the Term " Dwellings " in this Section shall include Lodging Houses formed or erected by them under the Authority of this Act.

9. Any such Advance may be made whether the Local or other Authority, Body Corporate, Society, or Person or Persons receiving the same has or has not Power to borrow on Mortgage or otherwise independently of this Act; but nothing in this Act contained shall repeal or alter any Regulation, statutory or otherwise, whereby any Company may be disabled from borrowing until a definite Portion of Capital is subscribed for, taken, or paid up, and no such Advance shall be made without the Approval of the Lords of the Treasury.

10. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Approval of the said Lords of the Treasury, from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations as they may think fit with respect to Applications for Loans under this Act, and the Terms and Conditions on which such Loans shall be made, and to issue such Instructions and Forms as they may think proper for the Guidance and Observance of Persons or Bodies applying for or receiving such Loans, or executing such Works* or rendering Accounts of Monies expended under this Act, or regarding the Class of Dwellings or Lodging Houses (as the Case may be), towards the providing of which such Loans may be made, and the Adaptation thereof to the Purposes intended, and as to the Mode of providing for their Maintenance, Repair, or Insurance.

11. The Period for the Repayment of such Advances shall be regulated by the Public Works Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and shall in no Case exceed Forty Years.

12. The

279

advance Monies to Companies, Societies, or Persons.

Advances may be made whether Local or other Authority has Power to borrow.

Commissioners of Public Works, with the Approval of the Treasury, to make Rules and Regulations.

Period for Repayment of Advances.

Security for such Advances.

Money advanced on Security of Land not to exceed Moiety of the Value.

Council, Town Commissioners, or Society may appropriate Lands.

Enactments applicable to the Acquisition of Lands by Railway Companies to apply.

Buildings to be erected.

Cap. 44. Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

12. The Repayment of any such Money so advanced, with Interest thereon at any Rate not less than Four Pounds per Cent per Annum, shall be secured as follows, namely, in the Case of an Advance to any such Council or Town Commissioners by a Mortgage solely of said Rates so leviable by them respectively as aforesaid, or by such Mortgage as herein-after mentioned, or by both, and in any other Case by Mortgage of the Lands, Buildings, or Premises for the Purposes of which such Advance shall be made; and in the Case of an Advance to a Company or Society any Part of whose Capital remains uncalled up or unpaid, by a Mortgage also of all Capital so uncalled up or impaid; and any such Mortgage may be taken either alone or together with any other Security which may be agreed upon.

13. The Money so advanced on the Security of any Land or Buildings shall not exceed One Moiety of the Value of the Estate or Interest in such Land or Buildings so proposed to be given in Mortgage, and all such Monies may be advanced by Instalments as may be agreed upon.

14. Any such Council or Town Commissioners, and every such other Company, Commissioners, Society, or Association, may appropriate for the Purposes of this Act any Lands vested in them respectively, and they may also respectively purchase or take on Lease any Lands or Buildings necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and every such Commissioners, Company, Association, or Society as aforesaid, for the Purpose of taking and holding such Lands, shall be deemed to be a Body Corporate, with Right of perpetual Succession: Provided always, that no such Council or Town Commissioners shall so appropriate, purchase, or take on Lease any such Lands or Buildings without the Sanction of the said Lords of the Treasury.

15. For the Purpose of the Acquisition of any such Lands or Buildings by said Council, Town Commissioners, Commissioners, Company, Society, Association, or Person as aforesaid, all the statutory Enactments for the Time being applicable to the Acquisition of Lands by Railway Companies in Ireland (save so far as they relate to the taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement) shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act; and for the Purposes aforesaid this Act shall be deemed the Special Act, and the said Council or Town Commissioners, Society, Association, or Person as aforesaid the Promoters.

16. The said Council or Town Commissioners, Company, Society, Association, or Person may from Time to Time, on any Lands so appropriated, purchased, or rented, or contracted so to be, respectively erect any Buildings suitable for the Dwellings or Lodging Houses, as the Case may be, of the Labouring Classes, and convert any Buildings so taken by them into such Dwellings or Lodging Houses, and may from

1866.

281

Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland), Cap. 44.

Time to Time alter, enlarge, repair, and improve the same, and fit up, furnish, and supply the same respectively with all requisite Furniture, Fittings, and Conveniences, and may enter into any Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, and may apply to the Purposes aforesaid any Funds at their Disposal respectively.

17. Any such Council or Town Commissioners, Company, Society, or Association may enter into any Contracts for the Purpose of supplying any such Lodging Houses provided or erected by them with Gas, Water, or other Conveniences, and any Commissioners or Trustees for the supplying of any Borough with Gas or Water may, if they shall think fit, supply Gas or Water to such Lodging Houses without Charge, or at any reduced Charge, or on other favourable Terms.

18. Sections 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103 of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with this Act, so far as regards any such Council, Town Commissioners, or any Dock or Harbour Company or Commissioners; and the Term " Commissioners " in the said Clauses so incorporated shall mean and include any such Council or Town Commissioners, Dock or Harbour Company or Commissioners as aforesaid, and this Act shall be deemed the Special Act for the Purpose of such Incorporation.

19. Any such Council, Town Commissioners, Railway Company, or Dock or Harbour Company or Commissioners, fmay from Time to Time, with the Sanction of the Lords of the Treasury, make sale and dispose of any Lands, Houses, or Buildings vested in such Council, Commissioners, or Company as last aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, and may with the like Sanction exchange any such Lands, Houses, or Buildings for any others better suited for such Purposes, with or without paying or receiving any Money for Equality of Exchange, and the Proceeds of all such Sales shall be applied for the Benefit of such Council, Commissioners, or Company, or for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lords of the Treasury may approve or direct.

20. The general Management, Regulation, and Control of any Lodging Houses established under this Act by any such Council or Town Commissioners shall (subject to the Provisions of this Act) be vested in such Council or Town Commissioners respectively; and every Lodging House established under this Act, and which shall be within the Jurisdiction of any Sanatory Board, shall at all Times be open to the Inspection of such Sanatory Board, and the Officers thereof from Time to Time authorized by such Board to make such Inspection.

21. That such Council or Town Commissioners, Company, Society, Association, or Person may make Byelaws for the Regulation of such Lodging Houses, and from Time to Time vary and alter such Byelaws, and may appoint any Penalty

not

Council or Town Commissioners, &c. may enter into Contracts.

Certain Sections of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. to apply.

Council, Town Commissioners, or Company may make Sale of Lands vested in them for the Purposes of this Act.

Management and Regulation to be vested in the Council or Town Commissioners.

Council or Commissioners may make Byelaws for the following Purposes.

Printed Copy of Byelaws to be put up.

Proof of Byelaws.

Recovery and Application of Fines.

Powers conferred on Mortgagees.

Power to appoint a Receiver in case of Arrears being due.

Cap. 44. Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

not exceeding Five Pounds for the Breach by their Officers respectively* or by any Tenants or Occupiers of such Lodgings* of every such Byelaw* and such Byelaws among other things shall make sufficient Provision for the following Purposes:

1. For securing that such Lodging Houses shall be under the

Control of the Officers and Servants of the Council or Town Commissioners* Company* Society* Association* or Person:

2. For securing the due Separation at Night of Men and

Boys over Eight Tears of Age from Women and Girls:

3. For preventing Damage* Disturbance* Interruption* indecent or offensive Language and Behaviour* and Nuisances:

4. For determining the Duties of the Officers* Servants *

and others appointed by the Council or Town Commissioners* Company, Society* Association* or Person: Provided always* that no such Byelaw shall be of any legal Force until the same shall have received the Approval of the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for Ireland.

22. A printed Copy of such Byelaws shall be put up and at all Times kept on every Boom of any such Lodging House.

23. The Production by any such Council or Town Commissioners* Company* Society* Association* or Person of a Copy of such Byelaws* purporting to be signed by such Chief Secretary or Under Secretary* shall be sufficient Proof in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere that such Byelaws have been duly approved of by such Secretary or Under Secretary.

24. All Fines imposed by any such Byelaw shall be recovered in a summary Way before any Justice* and one Moiety of any such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer* and the other Moiety to the Council or Town Commissioners* Company* Society* Association* or Person* to be applied by them in aid of the Expenses of such Lodging Houses.

25. Every Mortgage under this Act shall confer on the Mortgagees all the Bights* Powers* and Privileges conferred on Mortgagees by Part 2 of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and forty-five* and may contain any other Covenants and Conditions as may be agreed upon.

26. In addition to all such Powers so conferred on such Mortgagees* in case any Interest or Instalment of Principal due on Foot of any such Mortgage to the said Public Works Commissioners shall be unpaid for the Space of Thirty-one Days after the Day appointed for the Payment thereof* then it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland* upon the Petition of the Public Works Commissioners for the Time being by their Secretary* in a summary Way to appoint a Receiver over any Bates or the Rents and Profits of any Lands comprised in such Mortgage* and such Receiver shall

283

1866. Labouring Classes Dwellings (Ireland). Cap. 44, 45.

---

have the same Powers as any other Receiver in the Court of Chancery, and shall apply the said Rates, Rents, and Profits (after deducting all Costs and Outgoings) in and towards the Monies due on Foot of any such Mortgage.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Sea Fisheries in Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty the now Queen, being An Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries of Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works; and the Provisions of such Act were extended by another Act of the Session held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, Chapter Seventy-five:

---

And whereas another Act was passed in the Session held ' in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, being An Act for enabling Grand Juries in c Ireland to borrow Money from private Sources on the Security e of Presentment, and for transferring to Counties certain Works e constructed wholly or in part loith Public Money, and which f last-mentioned Act was amended by an Act of the Session held in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her said

Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven:

And whereas it.is expedient to provide that further Sums should be advanced by way of Grant and Loan for the purposes in the said firstly-recited Act and this Act, and to c increase the Amount of Grants authorized to be made for 6 such Purposes respectively mentioned

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may cause to be issued from Time to Time to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, out of any Moneys which may be granted by Parliament for that Purpose, such further Sums as the said Commissioners of Public Works may find necessary for the Purposes of the said firstly-recited Act.

2. So much of the said firstly-recited Act as limits the Amount of Grant to any One Work to the Sum of Five thousand Pounds is hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, by and with the Sanction of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make a Grant or Grants for any Work under the said recited

9 & 10 Vict. c. 3.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 75.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 136.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 37.

Grants may be issued for Purposes of first-recited Act.

Repeal of Limit of Grant to 5,000l.

Grants and Loans may be made in Extension of existing Works.

Advances may be made by way of Loan.

Sums advanced by way of Loan to be repayable by virtue of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 136.

This and recited Acts to be as One Act.

Cap. 45, 46. Fishery Piers and Harbours (/.) 29 & 30 VICT.

recited Act to an Amount not exceeding for any One Work the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds.

3. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in addition to the Purposes by the said firstly-recited Act authorized, to make Grants and Loans towards the Extension, Enlargement, or Improvement of any Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Slip, or other Work heretofore executed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and such Advances by way of Grant and Loan shall be deemed to be made by virtue of and in all respects to be within the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act: Provided, however, that no such Grant shall (including any Grant previously made in aid of such Pier or other Work) exceed the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds.

4. In all Cases in which any Grant of Money may be made under the Provisions of this Act for the Purpose of defraying a Portion of the total actual Costs of any Works, the Amount of the Residue of such Costs (with the Sanction of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury) may be advanced by way of Loan by the said Commissioners of Public Works out of any Moneys applicable to Loans at the Disposal of the said last-mentioned Commissioners.

5. All Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan under the Provisions of this Act, and payable by any County or District, shall be repaid and recovered under and by virtue of the Provisions in that Behalf contained in the said Act of the Session held in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-six, and all Sums of Money payable by any Proprietor of Lands in respect of Moneys advanced by way of Loan for or in respect of any Work under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, with Interest thereon, shall be charged upon the Lands of such Proprietor, in the Manner and with the Priority in the said first-recited Act mentioned. And all Moneys recoverable in Repayment of any Advance by way of Loan under the Provisions of this Act shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time direct.

6. The said Acts herein-before recited or referred to shall be read together and construed as One Act.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to authorize the Town Council of Belfast to levy and pay Charges in respect of extra Constabulary.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS the Inspector General of Constabulary did c on the Twenty-sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, under the statutory Powers in ' that Behalf enabling him, duly sign and issue his Certificate,

i

285

1866. Belfast Constabulary. Cap. 46.

certifying that the Sum of Two thousand one hundred and 6 fifty-two Pounds and Ninepence had been incurred by the Borough of Belfast in respect of extra Constables, such Sum being One Moiety of the Expenses of such Constables from the First Day of April to the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five: And whereas by

" The County Antrim and Belfast Borough Act, 1865," it is c amongst other things provided, that from and after the Com-c mencement thereof all the Powers and Duties of the Grand c Jury of the County of Antrim in relation to the Applotment and levying of County Cess on any rateable Property within the said Borough shall cease: Ancl whereas by reason of the said Act the Grand Jury of Antrim are unable to present and £ assess the said Sum in the Borough of Belfast: And whereas the said Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty-two 6 Pounds and Ninepence is justly due and ought to be received from the said Borough

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. When the Inspector General of Constabulary next after the passing of this Act shall make out a Certificate, as provided by the Sixth Section of "The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865," of the Amount of the Monies chargeable in respect of the Expense of the additional Force now added to the Constabulary Force of Belfast he shall add to such Amount the said Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds and Ninepence, and when such Certificate shall have been laid before the Town Council signed and certified in the Manner provided by that Act, the Town Council shall forthwith make and levy a Bate sufficient for the Payment of the total Amount stated in such Certificate, and shall thereout, or out of any Monies in their Hands, pay the Amount mentioned in such Certificate to the Paymaster General's Department in Ireland.

2. The said Sum of Two thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds and Ninepence when so paid over shall be applied in the same Manner and for the same Purpose as if the same had been raised in the Manner heretofore accustomed before the passing of "The County Antrim and Belfast Borough Act, 1865."

3. Any Expenses which hereafter may be chargeable to the Borough of Belfast in respect of extra Constabulary shall be certified, signed, approved, raised, and paid in the same Manner as is provided by the Sixth Section of the " Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865."

4. This Act may be cited as " The Belfast Constabulary Act, 1866."

28 & 29 Vict. c. clxxxiii.

Inspector General to include in his next Certificate 2, 1527. 05. 9d. now remaining due from the Borough of Belfast for extra Constabulary.

The said Sum to be applied as heretofore.

Future Expenses for extra Constabulary to be raised under

28 & 29 Vict. c. 70.

[Short Title.]

29 & 30 VICT.

286 Cap. 47. Indian Prize Money.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to legalize the Payment and Distribution of Indian Prize Money by the Treasurer or Secretary of Chelsea Hospital, and to amend an Act for the consolidating and amending the Law relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money.

[28th June 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Fourteenth Section of the Act of

c. 53, the Second Year of His late Majesty King William

the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-three, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money, e it is provided that all Grants of Money in the Nature of Prize

" hereafter to be made by His Majesty, or by Parliament," or otherwise, to the Officers and Troops of any Division c " of the Army employed upon or engaged in any Capture

" or Expedition, shall, unless by the Grant otherwise expressly e " directed, be received on behalf of the Army by the Trea- " surer of Chelsea Hospital or his Deputy, to be distributed c " to the Persons entitled thereto, according to their respec-c " tive Proportions, under the Provisions of the said Act

cAnd whereas sundry Grants of Money in the Nature of ' Prize have been from Time to Time made by Her Majesty c to the Directors of the East India Company, and since the ' passing of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second

Years of Her Majesty, "for the better Government of c India? to the Secretary of State for India in Council, for

Distribution among the Officers and Troops of Her Majesty's

Army in respect of Captures and Expeditions in which such (Officers and Troops have been engaged in India:

e And whereas such Portions of the Sums of Money so granted as aforesaid as may not have been claimed and distributed in India have been from Time to Time paid over and accounted for by the said Directors and Secretary of State in Council to the said Treasurer as Sums of Money c to be received on behalf of the Army by the said Treasurer c or his Deputy, to be distributed lo the Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Proportions, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and the said Trea-e surer hath received and dealt with the same accordingly: And whereas Doubts have been raised whether the said

Directors and Secretary of State in Council had Authority (for paying over and accounting for such Monies as aforesaid c to the said Treasurer, and whether the said Treasurer or

his Deputy could legally receive and distribute the same under the Terms and Provisions of the said recited Act: f And whereas it is expedient that all such Doubts should be ' removed, and that it should be declared that the said Direc-c tors and Secretary of State in Council had Authority for

paying over, and the said Treasurer for receiving the same

Monies

287

1866. Indian Prize Money. Cap. 47,

Monies for Distribution under the Provisions of the said ' recited Act:5

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Receipt of the Treasurer or Secretary of Chelsea Receipt of Hospital, or his Deputy, for all Sums of Money heretofore Treasurer or by the said Directors of the East India Company, or the chdseaHos-Secretary of State for India in Council, or hereafter by the pital for Sums said Secretary of State, paid over and accounted for as Portions heretofore paid of Grants of Money in the Nature of Prize, shall be a complete ^R^ure°of'^ and effectual Discharge to the said Directors or Secretary of Prize to be an State, as the Case may be, paying the same, from all Claims effectual Dis-of Officers and Troops of Her Majesty's Army having any arge *

Right or Title thereto, or to the Distribution thereof, in respect of Captures or Expeditions in which such Officers and Troops have been engaged.

2. All such Monies as have been so received by the said All such Sums Treasurer, Secretary, or by his Deputy from the said Directors ^emed^to0 of the late East India Company, or the Secretary of State for bave ^een India in Council, shall be held and are hereby declared, so far legally dealt as the same have been dealt Avith and distributed according to Jj£utedd dls- the Provisions of the said Act, to have been legally dealt with

and distributed, and so far as the same remain in the Hands of the said Treasurer, Secretary, or his Deputy, that the same are held and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to all the Provisions and Conditions of the said recited Act so far as the same are applicable to Prize granted by Her Majesty to and to be received on behalf of the Army by the said Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital or his Deputy.

3. In all Cases where Grants of Money in the Nature of Mode of Pis-Prize shall hereafter be made by Her Majesty, or by Parliament, tribution where or otherwise, to the Secretary of State for India in Council, afteTmad^in for the Benefit of Officers and Troops of Her Majesty's Army Nature of

in respect of Captures and Expeditions in which such Officers Prize* and Troops may have been engaged in India, such Portions of the same as are distributable in the United Kingdom or elsewhere out of India shall be received by the said Treasurer,

Secretary, or his Deputy, to be distributed to the Persons entitled thereunto, according to their respective Proportions under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and of this and of any other Act amending the same.

4. For the Purpose of this Act the Words "Officers Interpretation. " and Troops of Her Majesty's Army " shall not be held to

include Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's European or Native Indian Forces.

5. Where under the recited Act any Certificate or Order in Signature of the Form E., or in any other Form, is required from any Non- ^gpectTo^oS-

commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be or shall have been Pensioners of

an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital, the same may be signed Chelsea

In certain Cases of Payment on account of Officers or Soldiers deceased, Probate or Letters of Administration need not be taken out.

Payments in Cases aforesaid how to be made.

Where Order for Payment of Prize Money liable to Stamp Duty, same may be paid by Receipt or Draft Stamps affixed.

Cap. 47, 48. Indian Prize Money. 29 & 30 VICT.

by the Staff Officer of Pensioners for the District in which the said Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside in lieu of any other Person or Officer mentioned in the said Act.

6. Where any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Soldier entitled to Prize Money shall have died before the Payment or Distribution thereof, then, if the Sum to which the Deceased was entitled does not exceed the Sum mentioned in the Army Prize (Shares of Deceased) Act, 1864, it shall not be necessary, for the Purpose of making Payment or Distribution, that Probate or Letters of Administration should be taken out; but in any Case the said Treasurer or Secretary may, if he sees fit, require Probate or Letters of Administration to be taken out, and if, on that Requisition or otherwise, Probate or Letters of Administration are taken out, then he shall pay the Prize Money to the Executor or Administrator.

7. Where the Prize to which the Deceased was entitled does not exceed the Sum last referred to, and Probate or Letters of Administration are not taken out, then the said Treasurer or Secretary shall, if he thinks fit, pay over the same to any Person showing herself or himself to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer or Secretary to be the Widow of the Deceased, o r to be the Child or any Relative of the Deceased, or to be entitled to the Representation to the Deceased, to the end that the said Prize may be applied by the Person to whom it is so paid over in a due Course of Administration, and the same shall be applied accordingly, or else distribute the same according to the Statute of Distributions.

8. Where under the Statutes at present in force an Order for the Payment of Prize Money is liable to Stamp Duty, the Amount of such Duty may be paid by Receipt or Draft Stamps affixed to the said Order, equal in the total Amount thereof to the Stamp Duty payable on an Inland Bill for a Sum equal to that for which the Order is given, and that no Order for any Sum less than Forty Shillings shall be liable to Stamp Duty.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmma Elizabeth of Cambridge.

[28th June 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a Marriage proposed between Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth and His Serene Highness Francis Paul Louis Alexander Prince of Tech, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted:

And

289

1866. Princess Mary of Cambridge's Annuity. Cap. 48, 49.

And be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth, younger Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, or to such Persons as Her Majesty thinks fit to be named in such Letters Patent, in trust or for the Use of Her Royal Highness, an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, to be settled on Her Royal Highness' for Life, -in such Manner as Her Majesty thinks proper, such Annuity to commence from the Date of the Marriage of Her Royal Highness with His Serene Highness Francis Paul Louis Alexander Prince of Teck aforesaid, to be free from all Taxes, Assessments, and Charges, and to be paid quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October; the First Payment to be made on such of the said quarterly Days as happens next after the said Marriage of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the Date of such Marriage and such quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof.

2 The above Annuity shall be in addition to the Annuity now enjoyed by Her said Royal Highness under the Act of the Session of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-seven, and shall be charged on and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said Fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged on the said Fund.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to provide for the better Maintenance of Works executed under the Acts for the Drainage of Lands in Ireland.

[16th July 1866.]

T^U WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament of the Session held ' in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter

Eighty-nine, and by certain other Acts amending or varying the Provisions of the same, Provision is made for the Appointment of Trustees for the Maintenance of Drainage (Works executed under the Powers of the said Acts, and for the charging and levying such Sums as may be necessary for the Maintenance and Conservancy of such Works: And whereas large Sums of Public Money have been advanced [iVh. 25. Price 2a?.] B b f and

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 2,000l. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth for Life.

Annuity to be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and to be in addition to that now enjoyed.

5 & 5 Vict. c. 89.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

[Short Title.]

Where Lands are subject to Charge for Drainage, &c. and the same are injuriously affected, Person may take Proceedings.

Cap. 49, Drainage Maintenance (Ireland), 29 & 30 VICT.

and expended in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands under the Provisions of the said Acts, and the Lands so 6 drained and improved form the Security for Repayment of e such Advances: And whereas it is frequently found that

Lands improved by such Drainage Works are allowed to c be injuriously affected by reason of the insufficient Main-c tenance of such Works; and the Trustees of the Districts in which such Lands are included neglect in many Instances

to maintain or repair the said Works, and to take such Proceedings as may be necessary to secure the Lands in the c District against Deterioration arising from such Neglect, and

by reason thereof the said Lands are prejudicially affected as ' to the Security for the Repayment of such Expenditure,

and no efficient Remedy in such Cases is provided by the ' said Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session

of Parliament held in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh c Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, intituled An Act to enable Landed Proprietors to construct 6 Works for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in Ireland; and Provision is by the said Act and the Acts since ' passed amending the same made for the Advance of Public f Monies to Drainage Boards constituted under the said last-c mentioned Acts to be expended upon the Drainage and Improvement of Lands within their respective Districts, and c to be secured upon such Lands; and Provision is also thereby made for Maintenance of the Works constructed by such c Drainage Boards by means of Rates assessed upon the Lands ' within such Districts, and the Proprietors thereof, according to the Proportions specified in the Awards in the said last-c mentioned Act mentioned: And whereas the Advantages to

be derived from Works of Drainage are dependent upon the proper Maintenance <f such Works: And whereas it is

apprehended that Difficulty may be experienced in enforcing the future Maintenance of the Works so constructed by such

Drainage Boards, and it is expedient that further Provision should be made for the Maintenance of all such Drainage f Works executed under the Provisions of the said Acts, or c any of them Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the Drainage Maintenance Act, 1866.

2. Where the Lands of any Person being a Proprietor or Lessee thereof shall be or shall have been subject to any Charge for the Drainage of any District under the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, or to any Rates or Assessments for the Maintenance of the Drainage Works in the same District, and the same Lands shall be injuriously affected owing to the insufficient Maintenance of the said Drainage Works, it shall be

1866. Drainage Maintenance (Ireland). Cap. 49.

be lawful for such Person to take such Proceedings as are herein-after directed.

3. Any such Person or Complainant shall and may serve a Notice in Writing, signed by himself or his authorized or known Agent, upon the Trustees or Drainage Board, as the Case may be, for the Time being of such District, or any Two or more of them, or their Clerk or other Officer (if any such shall be appointed), setting forth the particular Lands alleged to be injured, and the particular Defects arising from the Neglect or Insufficiency of the proper Maintenance of such Drainage Works to which Injury shall be alleged to be attributable, and calling upon the said Trustees or Drainage Board forthwith to cause such Defects to be remedied or supplied Provided always, that in case such Complainant shall be unable to effect Service of such Notice in manner as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him to publish the same not less than Three Times in some Newspaper circulating in such District, and such Publication shall be deemed equivalent to such Service as herein-before is mentioned.

4. In case the said Trustees or Drainage Board shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days, neglect to comply with the Terms of such Notice, it shall be lawful for such Complainant to present a Memorial to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, stating the Neglect of such Trustees or Drainage Board in the proper Maintenance of such Works, the Nature of the Injury and Defect arising from such Neglect, and the Purport or Contents of such Notice as aforesaid, and the Date or Dates of the Service, or of such Publication as aforesaid of the same, and showing the particular Nature of the alleged Neglect or Default of the said Trustees or Drainage Board.

5. The Commissioners shall consider such Memorial and the Subject thereof, and shall and may, if they shall think fit so to do, appoint an Engineer or other competent Person to inspect and report upon the Subject of such Memorial and the State of the Works in any such District, and, if necessary, to furnish a Specification and Estimate of the probable Cost of the necessary Repair of such Works, and a Copy of such Report, or the Purport thereof, shall be furnished to the said Trustees or Drainage Board, or their Clerk or other Officer; or the Commissioners may cause the same, or the Purport thereof, to be published not less than Three Times in some Newspaper as aforesaid, and shall and may at the same Time, by Notice served or published as aforesaid, call upon such Trustees or Drainage Board, within such Period as shall be therein appointed (not less than One Fortnight from the Date of the Service or Publication of such Notice), to show cause why the Provisions of this Act should not be put in force with respect to the Matters complained of.

6. The Commissioners shall take into their Consideration all such Matters (if any) as shall be submitted to them by the said Trustees or Drainage Board, and shall make, or cause to be made, such Inquiries with reference to the Premises as they

291

Such Person to give Notice to Trustees or Drainage Board.

In case the Trustees or Drainage Board neglect, Complainant to apply to the Commissioners of Public Works.

The Commissioners to consider Memorial.

The Commissioners to make an Order.

Cap. 49.

Drainage Maintenance (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Repairs to extend to Bridge.

Commissioners may appoint a Superintendent.

Complainant to pay preliminary Expenses.

The Powers of the Commissioners to carry out Works.

Expenses to be charged to the District.

The Commissioners may make an Order declaring the Amount expended.

may deem expedient, and shall and may, if they think fit, make an Order under their Common Seal, declaring that the Works of Maintenance and Repair therein specified ought to be forthwith executed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to proceed to carry out such Works of Repair and Maintenance as they may consider necessary.

7. The Repair and Maintenance of the Works by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be made by the Trustees or Drainage Boards, or by the said Commissioners of Public Works, shall extend to and include the Removal, Reconstruction, or Alteration of any existing Bridge (not being a County Bridge), Culvert, or Archway which in the Opinion of the Commissioners of Public Works may be insufficient for the Discharge of the Water in any District, and thereby causing Injury to any Lands within such District.

8. The Commissioners may appoint some fit and proper Person to be the Superintendent for the Execution of such Works; and so from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, the Commissioners may appoint some other proper Person to be such Superintendent in the Place of any Person so originally appointed who may die, or refuse or become incapable to act, or whom the Commissioners may think fit to remove and supersede; and the Commissioners, by any such Order, may fix and declare a proper Salary or Remuneration to be paid to such Superintendent.

9. The Commissioners, if they shall think fit, and before the making of any such Order, may require any Complainant as aforesaid to pay or secure to them such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient to defray any preliminary Expenses to be incurred by the Commissioners in relation to such Complaint.

10. The Commissioners shall possess all such Powers and Authorities for the Purpose of executing the Works to be by them executed as by any of the Acts herein-before mentioned or referred to are conferred on the Trustees of any Drainage District or on any Drainage Board as aforesaid.

11. The Expenses of the said Works so to be constructed, and including all Costs and Charges properly incurred by the Complainant or the Commissioners in and about the obtaining and making such Order or Orders as aforesaid, or preliminary or consequential thereto, and the Salary or Remuneration of such Superintendent as fixed and determined by the Commissioners, shall be charged as herein-after provided.

12. The Commissioners shall and may, upon Completion of such Works, or such Part thereof as they may think proper and necessary, make an Order declaring amongst other things that the Amount mentioned in such Order is and shall be charged upon the Lands in such District and the Proprietors thereof respectively; and in such Order the Commissioners shall state and declare the Time or Times when the Amount mentioned in any such Order shall be paid to the Commissioners, the Parties

by

293

1866. Drainage Maintenance (Ireland). Cap. 49.

by whom, and the respective Proportions in which such Amount shall be paid, the Commissioners in making such Order having regard to the final Award in the District for which such Order shall be made, so far as any Change of Circumstances in each Case may admit; and the Commissioners may also insert in any such Order all such other Determinations, Matters, and Things as they may think necessary and proper, and such Order shall be called the Charging Order.

13. And in case the Amount of Money mentioned in such Order as aforesaid shall be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, and of all Expenses incidental to the Execution of the said Works, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by any further Order as aforesaid, from Time to Time to order and declare such further Sum as they shall think fit to be charged on the said District for the Purpose of the said Works and the Expenses incidental thereto; and thereupon such further and additional Amount shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Amount charged by such original Order as aforesaid, and rated and recovered accordingly.

14. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they deem it expedient, out of any Monies under their Control and applicable to Loans, and with the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to advance the Sum mentioned in any such Order or Orders made by the Commissioners, as herein-before provided, to be expended on the Repair and Maintenance of such Works.

15. The Amount mentioned in any such Order, with Interest on any Sum so advanced, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum from the Date of such Advance until Repayment thereof, shall thereupon become charged upon the Lands in the said District and the Proprietors thereof respectively, in like Manner and in the same Priority as Maintenance Rates imposed by virtue of the aforesaid Acts or any of them; and the said Proprietors and their Lands respectively shall be assessed, rated, and taxed therewith in the Proportions mentioned in the Order of the Commissioners, in like Manner in all respects as any Sums of Money could have been rated and assessed by the Trustees or Drainage Board of any Drainage District for the Maintenance of the Works within the same by virtue of the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts or any of them.

16. In addition to all and every the Sums which by any Order of the Commissioners shall be fixed and determined as payable in respect of any of the Lands under the Provisions of this Act, and the Interest on such Sums, there shall be paid to the Commissioners One Shilling in the Pound on the total Amount of the same respectively as and for Receiver's Fees thereon, to be charged, payable, and recoverable in like Manner as such Sums and Interest aforesaid: Provided always, that no Party or Person, or the Lands or Property of such Party or

Power to make further Order.

The Commissioners to make Advances.

The Amount to be charged on Lands in the District.

If Amount not paid Parties and Lands to be liable to Is. in the Pound Receiver'sFees.

294

Recovery of Monies.

Power to appoint a Collector.

Commissioners may cause Inspection of Works and make the necessary Repairs.

Cap. 49. Drainage Maintenance (Ireland), 29 & 30 VICT.

Person* shall be liable to such additional Charge* who shall* within Thirty-one Days next after the Time appointed by any such Order for Payment of any such Sum and Interest as aforesaid* pay the Amount thereof to the Credit of the Commissioners into the Bank of Ireland* or into such other Bank as the Commissioners may for that Purpose appoint.

17. The Commissioners* for the Purpose of assessing such Sum of Money as aforesaid, and for the Recovery of the same* shall possess the same Remedies against the same Lands and Persons* and the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges* as are or would be possessed by any Trustees or Drainage Board of any District, for the Purpose of assessing and recovering any Sums of Money rated and assessed by them for the Maintenance of the Works in such Districts* including a Right to recover such Rates and Charges for Maintenance by Civil Bill from the Person or Persons for the Time being in possession or in receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands as Proprietors in respect of which such Rates or Charges shall be payable.

18. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners* if they shall consider it necessary so to do* by Warrant* to appoint any Person to be the Collector of such Rates or Charges; and in case any Person from whom such Rates or Charges shall be recoverable as aforesaid shall not pay the same to such Collector when demanded* then and in such Case such Collector shall leave at the Dwelling House or last Place of Abode of such Person a Notice in Writing, subscribed with the Name and Place of Abode of such Collector* requiring Payment of such Rate or Charge within Six Days from the Date of such Notice* and expressing that within Six Days the same may be paid to the Collector at his House or Office; and if the same shall not be paid within such Period of Six Days, then it shall be lawful for the said Collector to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person wherever such Goods may be found; and the Proceeds of such Distress or Sale shall be applied in Payment of the Expenses of such Distress and Sale* and in the next place in Payment of such Rate, and the Residue shall be paid to the Owner of such Goods.

19. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to cause Inspection to be made by some Engineer or other competent Person of the Works executed in any District under the said Acts or any of them; and if it shall appear from the Report of the Person so appointed that the Works in any such District have not been kept and maintained in good Order, Repair, and Condition* so as in the Opinion of the Commissioners to be fit and proper for their intended Purposes* or that any sudden Breach or Damage has occurred to any Embankment or other Work in any such District, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause a Notice, addressed to the Trustees or Drainage Board of such District,

to

1866. Drainage Maintenance (Ireland). Cap. 49. 295

to be served or published as herein-before is directed, calling upon them to execute such Works as in the Opinion of the Commissioners the Circumstances of the Case shall render necessary (and the Nature of which shall be stated in such Notice) within such Period as shall be therein mentioned, and informing them that in default thereof such Works will be executed by the Commissioners pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and in case such Works shall not be executed in accordance with the Terms of such Notice, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by and with the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make and execute all such Works as they may consider necessary and proper for the due and efficient Repair of such Works, and for the Purposes aforesaid the Commissioners shall possess all the Powers so herein-before expressed to be conferred upon the Trustees of any Drainage District or any Drainage Board as aforesaid; and the Commissioners, after the Completion of such Works, shall make an Order declaring the Amount expended by them in such last-mentioned Works, including the Expense of any preliminary Survey as aforesaid, and of any Superintendent appointed by the Commissioners, and declaring that such Amount, together with Interest thereon from such Date as in such Order shall be mentioned, shall be charged on the Lands and Proprietors in such Districts, and such Order shall have the like Effect in all respects, and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply thereto in like Manner, as if the same were an Order *of the Commissioners made in pursuance of the Provisions herein-before contained, and called the Charging Order.

20. Any Order purporting to be made by the Commissioners Order to be by virtue of this Act, or any Copy thereof sealed by the Evidence. Commissioners, shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere that all the Preliminaries required by

this Act in order to the due making of such Order have been duly complied with, and that the Superintendent in such Order named has been duly appointed, and that all and every the Sums of Money in such Order mentioned have been duly charged on the Lands in such District, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and any Certificate of the Commissioners stating that any Monies therein mentioned have been advanced or expended under the Provisions of this Act shall be in like Manner conclusive Evidence that such Monies have been so advanced or expended.

21. The Commissioners of Public Works shall be a Cor- Commissioners poration for the Purposes of this Act, with perpetual Succession to te.a Cor-and a Common Seal; and all Actions and other Proceedings to proceeding^to be taken for the Purpose of recovering any Sums charged, be taken by rated, or assessed by virtue of this Act shall be taken by the them as such-said Commissioners so incorporated; and all Costs, Charges,

and Expenses properly incurred in and about the same shall be deemed Part of the Expenses incidental to the said Works to be executed as aforesaid.

22. AH

296

Orders, &c. may be sealed by the Commissioners.

Penalty for obstructing or injuring Works.

Construction of Terms.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 103. s. 69.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 68.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101.

So much of s. 1. of 25 & 26 Vict.

Cap. 49, 50. Drainage Maintenance (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

22. All Orders, Warrants, or Certificates made by the Commissioners under this Act shall be under the Seal of the Commissioners.

23. Any Person who obstructs any Person in making any of the Drains, or Improvements in Drains, made and executed under any of the Acts herein-before mentioned or referred to, or in this Act, and any Person who dams up, obstructs, or permits to be dammed up or obstructed, or in any way injure or permit to be injured, any Drains so opened or made, or injures or permits to be injured any of the Banks or other Works made or constructed in any such District, shall for each such Offence incur a, Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Manner before Two or more Justices at Petty Sessions, and all such Penalties shall be paid to the Trustees or Drainage Board, as the Case may be, for the District in which such Offence may be committed.

24. The Term "Commissioners" in this Act shall mean " the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and this Act shall be read and construed together with the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, and the Acts amending the same; and also with the said Act of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, and the Acts amending the same. The Definition of the Term "Proprietor" in the Act of Fifth and Sixth of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, shall apply to this Act.

CAP. L.

An Act to revive Section Sixty-nine of "The Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856," relating to Burials in Burghs.

[16th July 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session held in the tf Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, being the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) c Act, 1856, Section Sixty-nine of which Act contains certain

Provisions for the Amendment of the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, being the c Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855, so as to make the last-c mentioned Act available in Burghs comprehending Parts of c more than One Parish:

And whereas by the General Police and Improvement c (Scotland) Act, 1862, the said Section Sixty-nine of the c Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856, was inadvertently repealed: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: 1. That the First Section of the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, be and the same is hereby repealed

297

repealed in so far, but in so far only, as the same repeals and affects Section Sixty-nine of the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856, above recited: And the said Section Sixty-nine is hereby re-enacted and restored, and declared to be in full Force and Effect.

2. All Proceedings adopted and taken or to be adopted and taken under or in Terms of the Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, being the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855, and under and in Terms of the Sixty-ninth Section of the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856, or either of them, shall be equally valid and effectual as if the said Section Sixty-nine had never been repealed.

3. This Act may be cited as the Burial in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866.

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

[16th July 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth and

* Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, 6 intituled An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treat-c ment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and c Regidation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend c an Act of the last Session for the Regulation of the Care and c Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regidation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland; and another

Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Year 6 of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make farther Provision respecting Lunacy in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-c eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

An Act to continue the Deputy Commissioners in Lunacy in Scotland, and to make farther Provision for the Salaries of the Deputy Commissioners Secretary, and Clerk of the General c Board of Lunacy in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient

that the said Deputy Commissioners should be continued, that certain of the Provisions of the said Acts should be c amended, and that farther Provision should be made for the c Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Regidation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866."

2. This

c. 101. as repeals s. 69. of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 103. repealed, and the said s. 69. restored.

All Proceedings under 18 & 19 Vict. c. 68. and in Terms of said 69th Section to he valid.

[Short Title.]

20 & 21 Vict. c. 71.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 89.

25 & 26 Vict.

c. 54.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 59.

[Short Title.]

Construction of Act

Continuance of Deputy Commissioners.

Medical Officers of Asylums may not grant Certificates.

Orders and Medical Certificates may be amended.

Orders to remain in force although Patient absent from Asylum.

Detenu ination of Orders.

Cap. 51. Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment 29 & 30 VICT.

2. This Act shall be construed with the recited Acts as One Act, and this Act and the said recited Acts may be recited together as the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts.

3. The Provisions of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-one, first recited, and of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-nine, last recited, in regard to the Appointment and Salary of Deputy Commissioners, shall be and are hereby continued until Parliament shall otherwise determine.

4. It shall not be lawful for the Medical Superintendent, ordinary Medical Attendant, or Assistant Medical Officer of any Asylum, to grant a Certificate of Insanity for the Reception of any Lunatic, not a Pauper Lunatic, into such Asylum, except the Certificate of Emergency authorized by Section Fourteen of the third-recited Act.

5. Section Thirty-six of the first-recited Act is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, That if after the Reception of any Lunatic into any Asylum or House it appears that any Order or Medical Certificate upon which he was received is in any respect incorrect or defective, such Order or Medical Certificate may be amended by the Person who has granted the same at any Time within Twenty-one Days after the Reception of such Lunatic: Provided nevertheless, that no such Amendment shall have any Force or Effect unless the same shall receive the Sanction of the Board, and, failing such Amendment, it shall be lawful for the Board to report such Failure to the Sheriff, who shall, if satisfied that the original Order or Medical Certificates are in any respect incorrect or defective, and of the Failure to amend them, recal such original Order.

6. In every Case in which any Lunatic or any Person who has entered an Asylum for Treatment under Authority of this Act is temporarily absent from the Asylum or House for his Reception into which the Order was given, or shall escape from such Asylum or House, or from the Care of the Officers thereof, such Order shall remain in force in the same Manner as if such Lunatic or Person as aforesaid were not absent or had not escaped: Provided always, that such Lunatic or Person as aforesaid shall return or be brought back to such Asylum or House within a Period not exceeding Twenty-eight Days from the Day on which he left or escaped from such Asylum or House, or within a Period of Three Months where such Lunatic or Person as aforesaid is accompanied by or remains under the Care of the Officers or Attendants of such Asylum or House.

7. The Powers conferred by the Sheriff's Order for the Reception and Detention of any Lunatic" in any Asylum or House shall cease and determine with the Notice of Discharge of such Lunatic given by the Superintendent of such Asylum or House to the Board; and in no Case shall the Sheriff's Order remain in force longer than the First Day of January first occurring after the Expiry of Three Years from the Date on which it was granted, or than the First Day of January in

each

1866.

299

Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment. Cap. 51.

each succeeding Year, unless the Superintendent or Medical Attendant of the Asylum or House in which the Lunatic is detained shall, on each of the said First Days of January, or within Fourteen clear Days immediately preceding, grant and transmit to the Board a Certificate, on Soul and Conscience, according to the Form of Schedule A. hereunto annexed, that the Detention of the Lunatic is necessary and proper, either for his own Welfare or the Safety of the Public.

8. Every Pauper Lunatic who is discharged on Probation from any Asylum or House shall remain subject to Inspection by the Commissioners during the Period of Probation; and it shall not be lawful for the Parochial Board to take any such Pauper Lunatic off the Poor's Roll, or to alter the Conditions on which probationary Discharge was granted, without the Sanction of the Board, during the Period of Probation; and every Inspector of the Poor who shall infringe these Provisions shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

9. It shall be lawful for any Parochial Board, by a Minute at a duly constituted Meeting, to direct that any Pauper Lunatic (not being a Lunatic committed as a dangerous Lunatic under the Fifteenth Section of the third-recited Act) with whose Maintenance it is chargeable, and who is detained in any Asylum or House, shall be discharged] or removed therefrom; and if a Copy of such Minute, certified to be a true Copy by the Chairman for the Time of such Parochial Board, be produced to and left with the Superintendent of such Asylum, he shall, within Seven Days from the Production of such Minute, discharge such Lunatic, or cause or suffer such Lunatic to be discharged: Provided always, that, on the written Representation of such Superintendent that such Lunatic is dangerous to himself or the Public, or in any other Way not a fit Person to be discharged, it shall be lawful for the Board, after making such Investigation as they shall think expedient, to prohibit the Discharge of any such Lunatic; and any Inspector of the Poor removing any Pauper Lunatic from an Asylum or House against the written Representation of the Superintendent of such Asylum or House, without the Sanction of the Board, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

10. Whenever any Pauper Lunatic has been removed from an Asylum or House by a Minute of the Parochial Board, the Inspector of the Poor shall, within Fourteen Days, intimate to the Board the Date of Removal, the Situation of the House to which he has been removed, the Christian Name and Surname of the Occupier thereof, and the Amount and Nature of the Parochial Allowances made to such Pauper Lunatic, and that under a Penalty of Ten Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for the said Parochial Board to remove such Lunatic to any other House, or to make any Alteration in the Nature and Amount of the Parochial Allowances, without the same being communicated within Fourteen Days, by the Inspector of the Poor, to the Board, under a similar Penalty; and it shall be lawful for the

Discharge on Probation of Pauper Lunatics.

Discharge of Pauper Lunatics by Authority of Parochial Board.

Inspector or Poor to intimate Removal of Pauper Lunatics.

Pauper Lunatics may be removed from Poor's Roll and intrusted to private Parties.

Provision as to dangerous Lunatics.

As to Lunatics received into any private House.

Cap. 51. Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment. 29 & 30 VICT.

the Board, at any Time whenever they see fit, to order the Lunatic to be replaced in an Asylum, and it shall not be lawful for the Relatives of any Pauper Lunatic for whose Removal to an Asylum the Board have issued an Order to take him off the Poor's Roll without their Sanction; and every Inspector of the Poor who shall delay for more than Fourteen Days sending any Pauper Lunatic to an Asylum, after receiving the Order of the Board to do so, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

11. It shall be lawful for any Parochial Board, by a Minute at a duly constituted Meeting, to remove from the Poor's Roll any Pauper Lunatic in any Asylum or House for whose Maintenance it is responsible, and to intrust the Disposal of such Lunatic to any Party who shall undertake to provide, in a Manner satisfactory to the Parochial Board, for his Care and Treatment; and on the Demand of such Party, and the Production and Delivery of a Copy of such Minute, certified to be a true Copy by the Chairman for the Time of such Parochial Board, the Superintendent of such Asylum or House shall permit the Removal of such Lunatic: Provided always, that in every Case in which such Superintendent is of opinion that such Removal will be injurious to such Lunatic, or a Risk to the Public, it shall be lawful for such Superintendent to detain such Lunatic for a Period not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Production of such certified Copy of such Minute, and to report the Case to the Board, and on the Report of such Superintendent, or on any Grounds which the Board may deem satisfactory, it shall be lawful for the Board to authorize the continued Detention of such Lunatic in the Asylum or House, and the Parochial Board shall continue to be responsible to the Asylum or House for his Maintenance.

12. If at the Time when the Discharge of a Lunatic, not being a Pauper, is desired, the Superintendent of the Asylum in which he is confined shall be of opinion that he is a dangerous Lunatic, and that his Liberation would be attended with Danger to himself or to the Public, such Superintendent shall forthwith communicate the Fact to the Procurator Fiscal of the District, and shall in the meantime detain such Lunatic in the Asylum; and it shall be the Duty of the Procurator Fiscal, if he shall see Cause, to take such Proceedings with respect to such Lunatic as are prescribed by the third-recited Act with respect to dangerous Lunatics; and if the Procurator Fiscal shall not see Cause to take such Proceedings, he shall signify such his Determination to the Superintendent of the Asylum, and the Lunatic shall thereupon be discharged, provided he is otherwise entitled to Discharge.

13. Section Forty-one of the first-recited Act is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof, No Person shall receive or keep any Person as a Lunatic for Gain, without the Order of the Sheriff or the Sanction of the Board; and any Person who shall receive into or keep in his House any such Person, or any Person

alleged

301

Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment Cap. 51.

alleged to be a Lunatic, shall, within Fourteen clear Days thereafter, make Application for such Order or Sanction; provided always, that when the Lunatic is a Pauper Lunatic such Application shall be made by the Inspector of the Poor, and it shall be lawful in such Case for the Sheriff to grant his Order on One Medical Certificate: And every such Lunatic shall be visited, as often as the Board shall regulate, by a Medical Person, who shall enter in a Book to be kept in such House the Date of each Visit, and the Condition of the mental and bodily Health of the Lunatic at each such Visit; and any Medical Person who shall make any such Entry without having visited the Patient within Seven Days of making such Entry, or who shall knowingly make any false Entry in such Book, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Offence: And it shall be in the Power of the Board to order such Inspection and Visitation of every suet House from Time to Time as to them shall seem proper: And every Person detaining or aiding in detaining any such Lunatic, or any Person who on Inquiry is found to be a Lunatic, without the Order of the Sheriff or the Sanction of the Board, or after such Order or Sanction has been withdrawn, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided that the Enactments of this Section shall not apply to any Case where the Person so received and kept has been sent to such House for the Purpose of temporary Residence only not exceeding Six Months and under the Certificate of a Medical Person, which Certificate shall be in the Form of Schedule G. to the first-recited Act annexed.

14. Section Forty-three of the first-recited Act is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof. If any Occupier or Inmate of any private House shall keep or detain therein, without the Order of the Sheriff or the Sanction of the Board, any Person as a Lunatic, although not for Gain, beyond the Period of One Year, and the Malady is such as to require compulsory Confinement to the House, or Restraint or Coercion of any Kind, such Occupier or Inmate shall intimate the Case to the Board, and shall state the Reasons which render it desirable that such Lunatic should remain under private Care; and if the Board shall have reason to believe or suspect that any Lunatic, or any Person treated as a Lunatic, whose Case has thus been intimated to them, or of whose Case no such Intimation shall have been made, has been subjected to compulsory Confinement to the House, or to Restraint or Coercion of any Kind, at any Time beyond a Year after the Commencement of the Malady, or has been subjected to harsh and cruel Treatment, it shall be lawful for the Board, with Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or of Her Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, to authorize and empower any One or more of the Members thereof to visit and inspect such Lunatic or Person detained as a Lunatic, and to make such Inquiry respecting his Treatment, as to such Member or Mem-

26. Price 2<7.] C c bers

Board may inspect Lunatics in private Houses.

As to Persons entering Asylums voluntarily.

Letters to and from Patients to be private.

Cap. 51. Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment. 29 & 30 VICT.

bers may seem lit; and if on such Inquiry it shall appear that such Person is a Lunatic, and has been so for a Space exceeding a Year, and that compulsory Confinement to the House, or Restraint or Coercion of any Kind, has been resorted to, or that he has been subjected to harsh and cruel Treatment, and that the Circumstances are such as to render the Removal of such Lunatic to an Asylum necessary or expedient, it shall be lawful for the Board to apply to the Sheriff, under a Procedure similar to that followed in the Cases of dangerous Lunatics, and the Sheriff, on being satisfied that the Person is lunatic, and has been so for more than a Year, and is subjected to compulsory Confinement, or to Restraint or Coercion of any Kind, or to harsh and cruel Treatment, shall issue his Order for the Transmission of the Lunatic to an Asylum, and his Detention therein until such Time as the Board shall sanction's Discharge: And the Sheriff shall grant Decree for the Expenses of the Inquiry and Procedure, and also for the Maintenance of the Lunatic in the Asylum, against the Parties legally liable for the Maintenance of such Lunatic.

15. The Sixth Section of the third-recited Act is hereby repealed; and instead thereof it is enacted as follows: It shall be lawful for the Superintendent of any Asylum, with the previous Assent in Writing of One of the Commissioners, which Assent shall not be given without written Application by the Patient, to entertain and keep in such Asylum, as a Boarder, any Person who is desirous of submitting himself to Treatment, but whose mental Condition is not such as to render it legal to grant Certificates of Insanity in his Case: Provided always, that every such Boarder shall be produced to the Commissioners at each of their Visits to such Asylum, that no such Boarder shall be detained for more than Three Days after having given Notice of his Intention or Desire to leave such Asylum, unless on Certificates of Insanity and an Order by the Sheriff being obtained, in which Case neither of the Certificates shall be granted by any Medical Person connected with the Asylum, or having any immediate or pecuniary Interest in it, and that Notices of Admission, Discharge, and Death with respect to all such Boarders shall be made to the Board in the same Manner as in the Cases of Lunatics.

16. Every Letter written by a Patient in any Asylum or House, and addressed to the Board or their Secretary, or the Commissioners in Lunacy, or any of them, shall, unless special Instructions to the contrary have been given by such Commissioners, or any of them, be forwarded to its Address unopened; and every Letter from the Board or their Secretary, or such Commissioner or Commissioners, to any such Patient, when marked " Private " on the Cover, shall be delivered to him unopened; and every Person who shall intercept or detain or shall open any such Letter without the Authority of the Patient by whom it is written or to whom it is addressed shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided that the

Board

1866.

303

Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment. Cap. 51.

Board shall transmit a Copy of such Letter to the Superintendent of such Asylum or House if it shall appear to the Board that the Contents of the Letter are of such a Nature that it is of importance that the Superintendent should be made acquainted therewith.

17. It shall be lawful for the Board to obtain from the As to Lunatics Accountant of the Court of Session the Names of all Luna- fea^sJudicial tics having Judicial Factors, and a Statement of their Funds, acors-

and of the Sums allowed for their Maintenance, and for the Board to make such Investigation, by Inspection or otherwise, as shall, in their Opinion, be necessary to ascertain in what Manner such Lunatics are treated and cared for; and in case of such Treatment and Care being deemed by them unsatisfactory, the Board may present a summary Application to the Court of Session, or in Time of Vacation to the Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills, who may order such Inquiry and direct all such Steps to be taken for the improved Treatment and Care of such Lunatics as to the Court or the Lord Ordinary shall appear proper, and may direct the Expenses of such Application, and of the Procedure following thereon, to be paid by the Judicial Factor out of the Funds and Estate of such Lunatic under his Control, and it shall not be competent to bring under Review of the Court any Interlocutor pronounced by such Lord Ordinary upon any such Application with a view to Investigation and Inquiry merely, and which does not finally dispose thereof upon the Merits, but any Order pronounced by such Lord Ordinary upon the Merits may be reclaimed against by any Party having lawful Interest to reclaim to the Court, provided that a Reclaiming Note shall be lodged with an Inner House Clerk within Eight Days, after which the Order or Judgment of the Lord Ordinary, if not so reclaimed against, shall be final.

18. The Powers granted to the Board by Section Nine of Powers of the first-recited Act shall be and are hereby extended to ^°^ntati^tend embrace Lunatics detained under the Sanction of the Board. detained, &c.

19. It shall be lawful for the Sheriff to authorize the Dis- Liberation of charge of a Lunatic committed as a dangerous Lunatic from Lunatics any Asylum, on Certificates being granted by Two Medical dangerous aS Persons, approved of by the Procurator Fiscal, that such Lunatics. Lunatic may be discharged without Risk of Injury to the

Public or the Lunatic.

20. It shall be lawful for the Board to enforce the Rules Penalties for and Regulations which they shall make from Time to Time in df Rules^ade relation to the Books or Minutes to be kept or made in Asylums by Board.

or Houses, and the Returns of Entries therefrom to be made to the Board by the Superintendents of such Asylums or Houses, by imposing a Penalty for each Infringement or Violation thereof, not exceeding Ten Pounds.

21. All Penalties imposed by or under Authority of this or As to Recovery any of the said recited Acts shall be recoverable by the Board, of Penalties* without Prejudice to their Right to enforce specific Implement

Fees to be paid for Admission of Lunatics to District Asylums.

Commissioner not to be personally responsible.

Actions against Medical Persons in respect to Certificates under Lunacy Acts to be tried by the Lord Ordinary without a Jury.

Power to Directors to grant Superannuations to Officers, &c.

Powers to Directors of public Asylums to borrow Money.

Cap. 51. Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment 29 & 30 VICT.

of the Matters in respect of which such Penalties shall have been incurred; and such Penalties may be sued for by the Secretary of the Board before the Sheriff or any Court having Jurisdiction* and that either in any Application to enforce such specific Implement* or separately on summary Complaint; and such Penalties* when recovered* shall ^be applied as Fees received for Licences are directed to be applied by the first-recited Act.

22. For every Order granted by the Sheriff for the Admission of any Lunatic or Pauper Lunatic into any District Asylum there shall be paid* for the general Purposes of the said first-recited Act, the Fees authorized by the Thirty-first Section of the said Act for the Admission of a Patient into a Public Asylum.

23. The Exemption from Responsibility conferred on the Commissioners by Section Eight of the said first-recited Act shall extend to everything done bona fide in the Execution of this or any other of the said recited Acts* or in the Exercise of the Powers herein and therein contained.

24. In any Action at Law which may be raised against any Medical Person in respect of any Certificate granted by him under the Provisions of this Act* or of any of the recited Acts* the Issue or Issues* after being adjusted* shall be tried* and the Amount of Damages (if any) assessed by the Lord Ordinary before whom such Action depends* without a Jury; and the Proceedings at and consequent on the Trial of such Issue or Issues shall be regulated by the Provisions of the Act* 8fc.* intituled An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland* with respect to the Proceedings at and consequent on the Trial by the Lord Ordinary without a Jury of such Issues as may under the Provisions of that Act be so tried; and such Action at Law must be raised within Twelve Months from the Time when any Person who may allege that he has sustained any Injury in consequence of the granting of any such Medical Certificate shall have been liberated from the Asylum in which he may have been confined in consequence of such Certificate having been granted.

25. The Directors of any chartered Asylum in Scotland may grant a Superannuation Allowance out of the Funds at their Disposal to any Officer or Matron of such Asylum who shall be not less than Fifty Years of Age* and who shall have been an Officer or Matron of such Asylum for not less than Fifteen Years; and such Superannuation shall be for such Term* and on such Conditions* and of such .Amount* not exceeding Two Thirds of the Salary of such Officer or Matron* as the Directors shall think fit.

26. The Directors of any public Asylum in whom the Property thereof is vested may borrow on the Security of such Property such Sums of Money as they may think necessary for administering such Asylums* or for maintaining or extending their Means of Accommodation.

27. Any

305

1866. Lunacy Acts (Scotland) Amendment Cap. 51, 52.

27. Any Parochial Board which has erected or may erect Buildings for the Treatment of such Pauper Lunatics as they are authorized to receive and detain under the Provisions of the said recited Acts may, by themselves or the Trustees in whom the Property of such Buildings may be vested, borrow such Sums of Money as they may think necessary for the Administration Maintenance, Erection, or Extension of the same, on the Security of such Buildings and the Lands on which they are erected, and on the Security of the Rates and Assessments leviable by them: Provided, that all such Sums shall be repaid by annual Instalments of not less in any One Year than One Thirtieth Part of the Sum borrowed, exclusive of the Interest on the same.

SCHEDULE A.

I hereby certify, on Soul and Conscience, that I have, within a Period not exceeding One Month preceding the Date of this Certificate, carefully reviewed and considered the Cases of the Patients whose Names are subjoined, and I am of opinion that their continued Detention in the Asylum is necessary and proper for their own Welfare [or for the Public Safety, as the Case may be\.

Superintendent or Medical Attendant. Dated at this

Day of 186 .

CAP. LII.

An Act to extend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make Provision for Expenses on Charges of Felony and certain Misdemeanors before examining Magistrates.

[23d July 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, certain Provisions were made relating to the Allowance of Costs, c Expenses, and Compensation to Prosecutors and Witnesses

in Cases of Prosecutions for Felonies and certain Misde-c meanors therein mentioned, and by an Act of the Session of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, c Chapter Fifty-five, the Provisions of the said Act are extended, and Authority is given to One of Her Majesty's c Secretaries of State to regulate the Scale of Payment to be allowed or ordered under the said Act or any other Act, as c to the Rates or Scales of Payment according to which ' Certificates may be granted by the examining Magistrate or Magistrates in respect of the Expense of any Prosecutor c or Witnesses attending before such Magistrate or Magis-e trates:

6 And whereas it is expedient to extend the Law relating to c Expenses in Cases of Prosecutions to the Payment of Expenses incurred in attending before an examining Magistrate

C c 3 ' or

Power to Parochial Boards to borrow Money.

7 U. 4. c. 64.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 55.

Powers of examining Magistrate to grant Certificate of Expenses to Witnesses extended and Petty Session Clerks to be entitled to Fees on Depositions.

Magistrates signing, &c. Certificates to forward same to Clerks of the Peace, to be laid before Court of Quarter Sessions, which may allow Amount wholly or

Cap. 52. Prosecution Expenses. 29 & 30 VICT.

or Magistrates, and to Compensation for Trouble and Loss

of Time therein, on any Charge of Felony bona fide made,

and on any Case of the several Classes of Misdemeanor ' enumerated in Section Twenty-three of the said Act of King George the Fourth, or of Section Two of the said Act of ' Her Majesty, bona fide preferred, although the Parties may ' not be bound over by Recognizance or Subpoena to prosecute

or give Evidence, and although no Committal for Trial may

take place

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall and may be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, at his or their Discretion, and he or they is and are hereby authorized f and empowered, at the Request of any Prosecutor or other Person who shall have appeared before such Magistrate or Magistrates, either by Summons or otherwise, on a Charge of Felony, bona fide made upon reasonable and probable Cause, or on a Charge in any Case of the several Misdemeanors enumerated in Section Twenty-three of the said Act of King George the Fourth, and of Section Two of the said Act of Her Majesty, bona fide preferred, and who shall have been examined on such Charge of Felony and Misdemeanor, to grant a Certificate of the Expenses and of the Amount to be allowed for Trouble and Loss of Time to the Witnesses so appearing and examined on such Charge of Felony or Misdemeanor, in the same Manner and to the same or like Extent as Magistrates are authorized by Law to do in Cases of Felony and in Cases of Misdemeanor enumerated in the said Acts, where a Committal for Trial takes place or the Parties are bound over by Recognizance or Subpoena to prosecute and give Evidence; and it shall also be lawful for such examining Magistrate or Magistrates to allow to the Clerk of the Magistrates acting for the Petty Sessional Division or District (except where such Clerk is paid by Salary in lieu of Fees) the same Fees on taking the Depositions on such Charge or Charges as would be allowed to him, or he would be entitled to at Law, in the event of a Committal for Trial taking place, and to include such Allowance of Fees in the Certificate.

2. Every examining Magistrate signing or granting such Certificate shall forward the same to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Borough within which such Petty Sessional Division or District is situate, to be laid by him before the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, or Borough; and such Court shall be at liberty to allow the Amount or so much of the Amount named in the Certificate, on the same being certified by the proper Officer of the Court of Quarter Sessions as correct, in accordance with the Scale of Payment fixed or to

be

1866.

Prosecution Expenses.

Cap. 52, 53.

307

be from Time to Time fixed under Section Five of the Act of partially, and

make Orders for Payment.

Duration of Act.

Application of Act.

Her Majesty before referred to, and thereupon to sign an Order for Payment on the Treasurer or other Officer of the County, Riding, or Division, or City, Liberty, or Franchise, in which the Offence shall have been committed or supposed to have been committed, in the same Manner as an Order for Payment would have been made in case the Parties had been bound over to prosecute, and an Indictment had been preferred, and such Treasurer or other Officer shall pay the Amount of such Order to the Person or Persons named therein.

3. This Act shall continue in force for Three Years next after the passing thereof, and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4. This Act shall not extend to Ireland or Scotland.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (ScotlandI) Act, 1860.

[30th July 1866.]

WHEREAS it is provided by the Eighteenth Section of 23 & 24 Vict,

h The Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860," c* 79» c that in case any Court House or any Part thereof, not being

e the Property of private Parties or of the Magistrates and c Council of the Burgh in which it is situate, shall cease to be used as such in consequence of other Accommodation having f been provided under the said Act, the Commissioners of c Supply may sell the same for such Price a3 they may obtain

therefor and convey the same to the Purchaser; provided always, that when the Building so discontinued forms Part

of any Building used for other Purposes, the First Offer of the same shall be made to the Parties having Right to the

other Parts of the Building, at such Price as may be agreed f on, or in case of Disagreement as may be fixed by Valuators 6 appointed by the Sheriff of the County; provided also, that the Price received shall be applied to the Purposes for which c an Assessment is authorized by the said Act, and in diminu-c tion pro tanto of the Sum so to be levied:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. When any such Court House or Part thereof shall be sold, the Price received shall be applied in the first instance towards the total Cost of any new Court House which shall be ConrrHouseg erected under the Provisions of the said Act, and the Sums to ceasing to be be provided for by Assessment or by Contribution from the 'used-Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury towards the building of any such new Court House shall be calculated after deducting from the total Estimate the Price of any such Court House or Property which may have been sold.

Application of Sum received for Sale of

308

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18.

Barrister being a Commissioner under 16 & 17 Vict. c. 57. not disqualified as Revising Barrister.

Office of Postmaster General not to disqualify its Holder from sitting as a Member of the Commons House of Parliament.

Cap. 54, 55. Revising Banisters Qualifications. 29 & 30 VICT.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Qualifications of Revising Barristers.

[30th July 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of c Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of voting, e and to regulate certain Proceedings in the Election of Members Q to serve in Parliament for England and Wales, so far as it c relates to the Qualifications of Revising Barristers: *

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That, notwithstanding anything in the recited Act, the Appointment of or the holding Office by any (Barrister as a Commissioner appointed before or after the passing of this Act, under an Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, shall not disqualify such Barrister for the Appointment to or from holding the Office of Revising Barrister.

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Postmaster General to sit in the House of Commons.

[30th July 1866.]

WHEREAS it has been considered that the Office of c Postmaster General is a new Office or Place of Profit c " under the Crown " according to the true Intent of the Act ' passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, c Chapter Seven, and that the Person holding the same is c thereby incapacitated from sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for enabling the Holder of the said Office to c sit in the House of Commons

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: 1. The Office of Postmaster General shall not, after the passing of this Act, be deemed to be a new Office or Place of Profit within the Meaning of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or such an Office as disqualifies the Holder thereof from being elected or sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons; subject to the Proviso that if a Member of the House of Commons accept the said Office, he shall thereby, though eligible for Re-election, vacate his Seat, and a new Writ shall issue for an Election as if he were dead.

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2). Cap. 56.

309

CAP. LVI.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Clynder, Hastings, and Newly n.

[30th July 1866.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861,

is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the Confir-

mation thereof by Act of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisional

Orders made by the Board of Trade under the said Act, and 6 set out in the Schedule to this Act, be confirmed by Act of f Parliament

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Orders set out in the Schedule to this Act shall be and the same are hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof in Manner and Form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1866 (No. 2).

The SCHEDULE of Orders.

1. Clynder. — Construction of a Pier.

2. Hastings. — Construction of a Pier.

3. Newlyn. — Construction of a Pier.

CLYNDER.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Clynder, in the Parish of Roseneath, in the County of Dumbarton.

1. Archibald Chalmers, of Auchmar, Roseneath, in the County of Dumbarton, his heirs and assigns, shall be the Undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Undertaker may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860," except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject

24 & 25 Vict. c. 45.

Orders set out in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

Clynder.

Undertakers.

Powers to take Lands by Agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Clynder.

Works.

Description of pier.

Rates accord- ' ing to Schedule to this Order.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Parts of Harbours Clauses Act excepted.

Borrowing.

Application of money borrowed

Application of rates.

Cap. 56. Pier, &c. Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order, as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Undertakers may, in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the plans and sections deposited for the purposes of this Order, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier on the west bank of the Grarelock, opposite Auchmar aforesaid, extending from the shore eastward a distance of 270 feet or thereby:

With all necessary quays, wharves, jetties, landing places, approaches, warehouses, offices, sheds, weighing machines, works, and conveniences connected with the proposed pier.

6. The Undertakers may_demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, animals, and things in the Schedule hereto described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, from, and out of the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

8. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

9. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely Sections 16, 17, 18, and 19.

10. The Undertakers may borrow from time to time on the security of the works authorized by this Order and of the lands and property connected therewith, and of the rates authorized by this Order, such sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred pounds, and the money so borrowed may be re-borrowed as occasion shall require. They shall regularly keep down the interest accruing on the money so borrowed, and shall not allow such interest to accumulate.

11. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the Order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order:

(2.) In

311

(2.) In payment of the interest accruing on any money borrowed under the authority of this Order, and in repayment of the principal of such money:

(3.) To the proper use of the Undertakers.

13. The Undertakers may for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, or any of them, from time to time purchase, lease, provide, or hire such steam or other dredges, steam or other engines, steam tugs, steam or other vessels, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, tools, plant, or other materials as they think fit, and may from time to time, as they think fit, sell and dispose of such dredges, tugs, vessels, diving bells, plant, and materials aforesaid, and shall apply the money thereby realized for carrying into effect the purposes of this Order, or some of them.

14. This Order may be cited as The Clynder Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers. Table J. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier for

SHIPPING, UNSHIPPING, OR TRANSHIPPING GOODS OR

Passengers.

s.

Each passenger landing or embarking - - 0 1

Do. do. do. under 14 years of age -0 0

For every vessel under fifteen tons, per ton - - 0 2

For every vessel of fifteen tons and upwards, per ton - 0 4

Table IT. — Rates on Animals and Goods shipped,

UNSHIPPED, OR TRANSHIPPED UPON THE PlER.

S. d.

Cattle, per head - - -10

Coaches:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each -10 Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each 0 6

Coals, Scotch, English, smithy, and culm, per ton - 0 2

Corn:

Wheat and malt, per ton - 0 5

Barley, beans, peas, tares, oats, rye, buckwheat,

and Indian corn, per ton - 0 5

Glass, per barrel-bulk - - 0 1

Household furniture .:

1 cart load - - 1 0

1 barrow load - - - 0 6

New, per barrel-bulk - 0 1

Belonging to parties changing their residence

only, per 10 barrels-bulk - 0 6

Passengers' luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs., free.

All above 28 lbs. per barrel-bulk - 0 4

Clynder.

Power to purchase, lease, provide, or hire steam or other dredges, &c.

[Short Title.]

Clynder.

Hastings,

Power* to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Cap. 56. Pier, 8fc, Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT. Stones:

Freestone, pavement, and granite, per ton of 16 s. d.

cubic feet - - - - 0 2

Scythe stones, per ton - - 0 6

Millstones, each - - 0 4

Limestones and other stones, per ton - - 0 1

Light goods, per barrel-bulk - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - - 0 6

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding two and a half cwt., to be rated as barrel-bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two and a half cwt., then two and a half cwt. to be rated as a barrel-bulk.

HASTINGS.

Order for the Construction of an additional Pier at Hastings, in the County of Sussex, by the Hastings Harbour Company, and for other Purposes.

1. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Hastings Harbour Company (in this Order called the Company) may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order, as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

2. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

3. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the plans and sections deposited as aforesaid, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans, with all proper approaches, landing places, and other conveniences connected therewith.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A promenade pier (to be called the Alexandra pier) commencing from the esplanade or beach opposite to the centre of Warrior Square, in the parish of Saint

Mary

313

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation {No. 2). Cap. 56.

Mary Magdalen, in the borough of Hastings and county of Sussex, and extending seawards in a southerly direction for a distance of twelve hundred feet or thereabouts.

6. Notwithstanding anything in this Order, the site of the pier authorized by this Order (within the limits of deviation) shall be selected and the works for the construction thereof shall be executed in accordance with a plan to be approved by writing under the respective common seals of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Hastings, and of the Local Board of Health of the borough.

7. The Company shall, before the 16th day of August 1866, commence the construction of the harbour authorized by The Hastings Pier and Harbour Order, 1862, (in this Order called the Order of 1862,) and shall carry on the same without delay.

8. Notwithstanding anything in this Order, the Company shall not commence the pier authorized by this Order until they have expended the sum of forty thousand pounds in the execution of the works authorized by the Order of 1862, of which expenditure a certificate under the hand of the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions shall be conclusive evidence, and the Chairman shall sign such a certificate on proof being adduced to him of that expenditure having been made.

9. If the Company have not expended the sum of forty thousand pounds in the execution of the works authorized by the Order of 1862 before the time limited for the completion of those works, then on the expiration of that time the powers by this Order given to the Company for constructing the pier authorized by this Order or otherwise in relation thereto shall absolutely cease.

10. The Company may demand and receive for the pier authorized by this Order the like rates as they are by the Order of 1862 authorized to demand and receive for the pier thereby authorized.

11. The Company, in addition to such rates as they are by the Order of 1862 and by the last foregoing provision of this Order authorized to demand and receive, may demand and receive, as well for the pier authorized by the Order of 1862 as for the pier authorized by this Order, any sums not exceeding the rates in the Schedule to this Order specified in respect of the things in that Schedule described.

12. Notwithstanding anything in this Order, the Company may not, without the consent of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and Local Board of Health respectively, in writing, under their respective common seals, demand or receive any tolls for the pier and works authorized by this Order until the harbour authorized by the Order of 1862 is completed.

13. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass-tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a

Hastings.

Approval by Corporation, &c.

Limiting of date of commencement of certain works.

Expenditure under Order of 1862 before commencement of pier.

Limitation of time for commencement of pier.

Like rates as under Order of 1862.

Power to levy additional rates for purposes of Order of 1862 and this Order.

Restriction as to rates for pier.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

314

Hastings.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from dues.

Exemption of Custom House officers.

Incorporation of parts of Companies Clauses Consolidation Acts 1845 and 1863.

Power to create new shares.

Shares not to he issued until one-fifth paid up.

Amount and number of calls.

Hew shares and new stock may be of

Cap. 56. Pier, &c. Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

pass-ticket shall not he transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person to whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses, or attempts to use, any false or counterfeit pass-ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered as penalties are recoverable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

14. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from dues leviable under this Order.

15. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

16. The provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as far as the same are applicable to the purposes of this Order, and Part I. (relating to cancellation and surrender of shares) and Part II. (relating to additional capital) of The Companies Clauses Act, 1863, are hereby incorporated with this Order, and shall, in all particulars not otherwise provided for by or under this Order, apply to all shares and capital created, and to all money borrowed and mortgages granted under this Order; and in the construction of those provisions in connexion with this Order the expression "the special Act" shall mean this Order; the expression "the Company" shall mean the Hastings Ha bour Company; the expression "the undertaking" shall mean the undertaking of the Company; and the provisions relating to the superior courts shall extend to any county or other court having by law cognizance of the action.

17. The Company may from time to time raise for the purposes of this Order, by the creation and issue of new shares or new stock, the additional capital of thirty thousand pounds.

18. The Company shall not issue any share created under the authority of this Order, nor shall any share vest in the person accepting the same, unless and until a sum not being less than one-fifth of the amount of such share shall have been paid in respect thereof.

19. The amount of any one call to be made upon such new shares shall not exceed two pounds per share, and successive calls shall not be made at a less interval than three months.

20. The new shares and new stock which the Company are by this Order authorized to create and issue may, with the sanction of three-fifths at least of the votes of the shareholders

present.

315

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2). Cap. 56.

present, in person or by proxy, at a general meeting of the Company specially convened for the purpose, be issued either of one class and with like privileges, or of several classes and with different privileges, and of the same or different amounts, and respectively with any fixed, fluctuating, contingent, preferential, perpetual, terminable, or other dividend; and the Company may, as they from time to time think fit, fix the amount and times of payment of the calls on the new shares.

21. The capital from time to time created by the Company under this Order shall be part of the general capital, and the several holders from time to time of the new shares and new stock from time to time issued by the Company under this Order shall be shareholders and stockholders of the Company accordingly, with the same privileges as to voting as shareholders under the Order of 1862.

22. Provided that no new share or new stock issued under this Order shall bear any fixed or preferential dividend beyond the rate of six pounds per centum per annum on the amount from time to time paid thereon, and that all new shares of the same class shall bear like dividend and confer like privileges.

23. The quorum of every general meeting of the Company shall be seven shareholders, present personally or by proxy, holding in the aggregate not less than five thousand pounds in the capital of the Company.

24. The number of directors of the Company shall be not more than seven or less than three.

25. The Company may from time to time under this Order borrow on mortgage at interest money required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order not exceeding the sum of ten thousand pounds, but no money shall be borrowed until the whole of the additional capital of thirty thousand pounds is subscribed for or tsiken, and until one-half thereof is actually paid up, and until the Company prove to the justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40 (before he so certifies), that the whole of the capital has been issued and accepted, and that one-half thereof has been paid up, and that not less than one-fifth part of the amount of each separate share has been paid on account thereof before or at the time of the issue or acceptance thereof, and that the capital was issued bona fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns, and that the subscribers or their assigns are legally liable for the same (of which proof having been given the certificate of such justice under that section shall be sufficient evidence).

26. The mortgagees of the Company under this Order may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest or of the arrears of principal and interest due on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver; the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be three thousand pounds.

27. All mortgages and bonds granted by the Company under any former Order, and subsisting at the time of the different

classes.

Capital created "by Company-under Order part of their general capital.

Restrictions as to new shares.

Quorum of

general

meetings.

Increase of number of directors. Power to borrow.

Receiver.

Priority of existing mortgages.

Hastings.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Restriction on use of pier.

Limits of harbour.

Part of Harbours Clauses Act not incorporated. Harbour Authority.

Expenses of Order.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 56. Pierce. Orders Confirmation {No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

confirmation of this Order, shall, during their respective continuance, have priority over any mortgage to be granted under this Order.

28. The Company shall not, out of any money raised under this Order by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount of calls made in respect of shares held by him, but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest on money advanced by him beyond the amount of the calls actually made as is in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

29. Every part of the money raised under this Order shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order.

30. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person from any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier for recreation or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

31. The limits within which the Company shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits of the Order of 1862, and of The Hastings Harbour Amendment Order, 1865, and of this Order,) shall be the boundaries of the borough of Hastings.

32. Sections 16, 17, 18, and 19 of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

33. The Company shall be the harbour authority for or in connexion with the pier and harbour authorized by the Order of 1862, and the pier authorized by this Order, within the prescribed limits.

34. The costs, charges, and expenses of applying for and obtaining this Order, or preparatory or incident thereto, shall be paid by the Company.

35. This Order may be cited as The Hastings Harbour (Alexandra Pier) Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers. Additional Rates for the Pier authorized by the Order of 1862, and for the Pier authorized by the foregoing Order.

For every Bath or sedan chair, for each time, not ex- s. d.

ceeding - - 0 6

For every perambulator, for each time, not exceeding 0 4

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package of passengers luggage landed or shipped, not exceeding in weight 28 lbs. - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0 4

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 5

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0 6

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - 0 7

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - -OS

317

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No, 2). Cap. 56.

NEWLYN.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, Regulation of a

Pier and Harbour at Newlyn, in the County of Cornwall.

1. The following persons, namely, Henry Peter Andrewes, Reuben Birch, Charles Lempriere, Charles Arthur Turner, and all other persons and corporations subscribing to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making, maintaining, and regulating the harbour and works authorized by this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Newlyn Pier and Harbour Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Newlyn Pier and Harbour Company, in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Clauses Act, 1863, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. The capital of the Company shall be thirty thousand pounds, in three thousand shares of ten pounds each.

5. The Company shall not issue any share created under the authority of this Order, nor shall any such share vest in the person accepting the same, unless and until a sum not being less than one-fifth part of the amount of such share has been paid in respect thereof.

6. No call shall exceed two pounds ten shillings a share, or be made payable within three months of a previous call.

7. The Company, with the sanction of at least three-fifths in value of the votes of the shareholders present, in person or by proxy, at a general meeting specially convened for that purpose, may attach to all or any of the then unissued shares, not exceeding one-third part of the capita], dividend at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, in priority to the dividend on the other shares of the capital.

8. The Company, from time to time, may borrow on mortgage at interest, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole ten thousand pounds; but no money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital of thirty thousand pounds is subscribed for, and one-half thereof is paid up, and the Company satisfy the justice who certifies under Section 40 of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, before he so certifies, that the whole of the capital has been issued and accepted, and that one-half thereof has been paid up, and that not less than one-fifth part of the amount of each separate share has been paid on account thereof before or at the time of

Newlyn.

Incorporation of Company.

Undertakers.

Incorporation of Clauses Acts.

Capital.

Shares not to be issued until one-fifth paid up.

Calls.

Power to create

preference

shares.

Borrowing on mortgage.

Newlyiu

Receiver.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money not to be used for deposit.

Money to be applied for purposes of Order.

First general meeting.

Number of directors. Quorum of directors.

First directors.

Qualification.

Remuneration.

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Cap. 56. Pier, , fyc. c. Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

the issue or acceptance thereof, and that the capital was issued bonk fide, and is held by registered holders thereof, legally liable for so much thereof as is not paid up (of which satisfaction the certificate shall be conclusive evidence).

9. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is two thousand pounds.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder interest on money advanced by him beyond the amount of calls actually made in conformity with The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

11. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

12. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

13. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within twelve months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order, at such time and place as the directors determine.

14. The number of directors shall not be more than nine or less than five.

15. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be three.

16. Henry Peter Andrews, Reuben Birch, Charles Lem-priere, Charles Arthur Turner, with such other shareholders (if any) as they add to their number, shall be the first directors, and the first directors shall continue in office till the first general meeting of the Company, when they shall retire from office, and directors shall be elected by the meeting, the retiring directors being eligible.

17. The qualification of a director elected by the shareholders, or nominated as aforesaid, shall be the holding in his own right of shares in the capital of the Company to the aggregate nominal amount of at least one hundred pounds.

18. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be fixed by a general meeting, and shall be divided among the directors as they determine.

19. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time by agreement enter on, take, and use all such parts of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as they think requisite for the purposes of the proposed pier, harbour, and works, and the conveniences connected therewith.

20. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase or taking of lands

otherwise

otherwise than by agreement* and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act* 1860, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

21. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations* if any* in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works* in order to prevent injury to navigation* the Company may* on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels shown on the deposited plans and sections (as far as the same are shown thereon)* and within the limits of deviation shown on those plans* make and maintain the pier* harbour* and works authorized by this Order.

22. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier, jetty* quay* and landing place* commencing at a point on the Green Bock, immediately adjoining the north-east end of the boat-house or fish-cellar in the occupation of Bobert James* in Newlyn, in the Parish of Paul, in the County of Cornwall, and extending seawards in a direction east north-east 1250 feet or thereabouts* and thence in a direction north north-east 250 feet or thereabouts; and all proper works, approaches* and other conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers* fish, goods* and merchandise* and other purposes connected therewith.

23. The limits of the harbour shall include the lands* foreshore, and bed of the sea contained within the following lines:

An imaginary line commencing at a point 100 yards south of the Green Bock aforesaid, and running out seawards parallel with the pier, in a direction east north-east to a point 100 yards beyond the seaward termination of the pier* thence in a north-westerly direction to the Larrigan rocks in the parish of Madron* and to the road leading from Penzance to Newlyn, and thence along the south-east side of that road in a southerly direction to Tolcarn in the same parish* and thence along the land line to the causeway leading to the said boat-house or fish-cellar* thence along the extreme south side of the causeway leading to the Green Bock* thence along the land line in a southerly direction* and terminating at the point of commencement.

24. The Company may demand and take in respect of the vessels* persons* fish* animals, and goods in the Schedule to this Order specified any sums not exceeding the [rates in that Schedule specified.

25. The Company by a byelaw may fix reasonable periods* not less than fourteen days each* after which vessels shall not be permitted to remain in the harbour without payment of such additional tonnage rates as the Company think reasonable *

T not

319

Neiolyn.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

Limits of the harbour.

Power to take rates in Schedule.

Extra rates for vessels staying in harbour.

Newlyn.

Pass-tickets for use of pier.

Pass-tickets not transferable.

Exemption of custom house officers from rates.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Application of rates.

Steam-engines, lighters, &c.

Cap. 56. Pier, &c. Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

not exceeding the original rate, for all or any part of every period in excess of the first period.

26. The Company may grant to passengers and others pass-tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such periods, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on.

27. A pass-ticket granted by the Company shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person other than the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass-ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, recoverable and applicable as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act.

28. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, through, from, and out of the pier, harbour, and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

29. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist, exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier and harbour authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

30. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the Order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order:

(2.) In payment to an extent not exceeding one-fifteenth part of the rates of any rent or rent-charge payable in respect of any lands acquired by the Company under this Order:

(3.) In payment of the interest accruing on money borrowed under the authority of this Order:

(4.) For the other purposes of the Company, including repayment of the principal of the money so borrowed when due and payable.

31. The Company may provide and use such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, barges, boats, cranes, buoys, mooring posts, mooring craft, weighing machines, tackle, and other machinery, vessels, apparatus, and conveniences as they think proper for carrying on the business of the Company, or for any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and take such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

32. Not-

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2). Cap. 56.

32. Notwithstanding anything in The Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, it shall not be necessary for the Company to provide any life-boat, mortar, rockets, tide gauge, weather gauge, or barometer, except on a requisition in that behalf by the Board of Trade.

33. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the limits of the harbour, and the works and lands of the Company adjoining or near to the harbour.

34. The limits within which the lawful authority of the harbour master for the regulation of the harbour may be exercised shall be the harbour and the works and lands of the Company adjoining and near to the harbour.

35. The Company shall be a pilotage authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers conferred by that Act on pilotage authorities.

36. This Order may be cited as The Newlyn Pier and Harbour Order, 1866.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rate on Vessels and Boats using the Harbour or Piers or Works of the Company.

1. Fishing boats or smacks, whether wholly or par- s. d.

tially decked or open, for each time of using the Harbour - 2 6

Ditto, ditto, where the same are under the burden of 5 tons, —

For not exceeding three months 7 0

For exceeding three months and not exceeding six months - 12 0

For exceeding six months and not exceeding one year - 20 0

Ditto, ditto, where the same exceed 5 tons and are under the burden of 10 tons, —

For not exceeding three months - 10 6

For exceeding three months and not exceeding six months - 18 0

For exceeding six months and not exceeding one year - 30 0

Ditto, ditto, where the same exceed 10 tons and are under the burden of 15 tons, —

For not exceeding three months - 14 0

For exceeding three months and not exceeding six months - 21 0

For exceeding six months and not exceeding one year - 40 0

Ditto, ditto, where the same exceed 15 tons and are under the burden of 20 tons, —

For not exceeding three months - 21 0

For exceeding three months and not exceeding six months - 36 0

For exceeding six months and not exceeding one year - - 60 0

321

Newlyn.

Lifeboats, tide gauges, &c.

Meters and Weighers.

Limits of harbour master's authority.

Pilotage.

[Short Title.]

322

Newhpi.

Cap. 56. Pier, , fyc. c. Orders Confirmation (No* 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

2. Open pleasure boats, for each time of using the s. d.

Harbour - - 1 6

g f Ditto, ditto, for not exceeding three months 15 0

g j Ditto, ditto, for exceeding three months and

1 not exceeding six months - - 20 0

Ditto, ditto, for exceeding six months and _ not exceeding one year - 30 0

3. Other vessels taking in or discharging any cargo:—

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons,

per ton - - -04

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and

under 50 tons, per ton - - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and

under 100 tons, per ton - - 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and

under 150 tons, per ton - - 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and

upwards, per ton - 1 0

All lighters, for each trip, per ton - 0 2

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on

board goods, each - 0 6

4. Other vessels entering the Harbour, but not discharging or taking in any cargo, namely, —

Vessels with cargo, per ton - 0 6

Ditto, light or in ballast, per ton - 0 4

II. — Rates on Fish and Goods shipped or unshipped or

TRANSHIPPED WITHIN THE LlMITS OF THE HARBOUR.

Ale and porter, per hogshead 5. 0 d. 6

Ditto, per barrel - - 0 3

Anchors, per cwt. - 0 9

Ditto stock, per foot - _ 0 2

Beef or pork, per ton - 1 4

Ditto, ditto, per barrel - - 0 2

Bones, per ton - _ 0 6

Bone dust, per ton - _ 0 8

Bricks, per 1,000 - 0 8

Casks (empty), per puncheon - Cottip. - 0 3

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each 3 0

Calves, each - _ 1 0

Horses, each - _ 4 0

Sheep and pigs, each - 0 6

Chalk, per ton - - 1 0

Chalk, per cwt. _ 0 4

Carriages (four-wheeled), each - 7 6

Ditto, gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled, each - 5 0

Coals, per ton - 1 0

Copper, per ton - 3 0

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Com and seeds, per quarter - 1 0

rG5

Pi

P

O

o,

.1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation {No. 2). Cap. 56.

Cork, per cwt, -

Crystal, per box or package ...

Dogs, each -

Drugs, in casks, hampers, or boxes, per foot -

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot -

Eggs, per box -

Fish:—

Herrings, per basket or pad Mackerel, per 120 -

Pilchards, per hogshead -

Turbot, per score -

Turtle, each -

Other fish, per cwt.

Ditto, per basket or pad -

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate -

Glass, per small crate or case Ditto, per box -

Granite, per ton of 14 cubic feet -

Groceries (not enumerated)

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Hides -

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron: —

Bar, bolt, rod and shots, per ton -

Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather, tanned and dressed, per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each.

Ditto under 10 inches -Meat (fresh), per cwt.

s. d.

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 3

0 3

0 2

0 6

1 6

2 6

0 3

0 2

2 0

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 4

1 6

1 0

0 6

1 6

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 4

2 6

0 4

1 6

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 2

1 6

1 0

2 6

0 1

2 0

2 6

0 3

1 4

1 0

2 6

1 0

4 6

3 0

0 6

323

Newly n.

324 Cap. 56. Mer, &c. Orders Confirmation {No. 2). 29 & 30 Vict.

Newfya. ' d

Milk, per gallon - - 0 0

Musical instruments, per cube foot - - 0 1

Net, per 5 cube feet - 0 4

Oakum, per cwt. - - 0 2

Oils, per tun - - 2 0

Oilcake, per ton - - .20

Oranges and lemons, per box - - 0 6

Ores, per ton - - 1 0

Oysters, per bushel - 0 3

Paint, per cwt. - - 0 4

Pitch and tar, per barrel - 0 6

Potatoes, per cwt. - 0 2

Poultry and game, per dozen - - 0 4

Rags and old rope, per ton - - 2 0

Sails, per cwt, - 0 6

Salt, per cwt. - - 0 1

Sand, per ton - 1 0

Shrimp baskets, each - 0 2

Skins:— Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen 0 6

Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet - 2 0

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead - 10

Ditto, ditto, per gallon - - . 0 1

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet - - 1 6

Steel, per ton - - 3 0

Sugar, per cwt. - -03

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt, - 0 3

Tea, per chest - - - 10

Tiles, per 1,000 - - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - 0 6

Turnips, per ton - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel - - 0 6

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - 1 0

Water, per cask - - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - 1 0

Ditto, bottled, per dozen - 0 2

Wood: —

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of 50 feet - - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - 2 0

Firewood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 1 6

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120- -30

Oars, per 120 - -50

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2\ and under inches in diameter, per 120 - 5 0

Ditto, 2i inches in diameter and under, per

120 - . - - 4 0

325

W ood — continued.

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 -

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 -

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Trenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton -

Wool, per cwt.

Yarn, per cwt.

All other goods not 'particularly enumerated.

Light goods, per cube foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight of measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates is to be charged.

Ill — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

Is/. Rate of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - - 0 6

55 2 tons, 3 tons - 0 8

55 3 tons, tons - - 0 10

55 4 tons, 5 tons - 1 0

55 5 tons, 6 tons - - 1 2

55 6 tons, 7 tons - 1 4

55 7 tons, 8 tons - - 1 6

55 8 tons, 9 tons - 1 10

55 9 tons, 10 tons - - 2 4

, 10 tons - - 3 6

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed. for every ton or patt of a ton - 0 3

3 d. Shed Dues.

For every ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, for every ton of goods of 20 cwt., which remains in the warehouses or sheds, or other works of the Company, for not longer than 48 hours - - 0 3

And per ton for each day during which the

goods remain after first 48 hours - - 0 1

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for every day or part of a day - - 02

s. d-

9 0

14 0

2 0 3 0

2 6 2 6 2 6

2 0 0 4

0 2

0 1

2 0

Newlyn.

326

Newlyn.

9 G. 2. c. 36.

Cap. 56, 57. Pier, &c. Orders Confirmation (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

IV. — Bates eor laying Water Mains on Pier.

s. d.

Water, per ton - 0 6

V. — Eates on Passengers and others using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on or s. d. embarking on the pier from or to any vessel or passage boat, or any other boat not being then employed in the trade of fishing, for every time - 0 4

For every person using the pier for pleasure or any purpose, except for so landing or embarking, for every time - - 0 2

For every Bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for every time - 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for every time 0 2

For every master of any vessel or boat being an inhabitant of the town of Penzance or Newlyn, and using the pier for going to or returning from his own vessel or boat, for any purpose other than in connexion with the trade of fishing, the yearly

sum of . - - -20 0

For every fisherman, being an inhabitant of the town of Penzance or Newlyn, and using the pier for going to or returning from his own vessel or boat then employed in the trade of fishing, the yearly sum of- - -50

For every other fisherman using the pier for coming to or returning from his own vessel or boat then employed in the trade of fishing, for every time - 0 2

VI. — Eates on Passengers Luggage landed or embarked or transhipped within the Harbour.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding -

Exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. -, 84 lbs., 112 lbs.

, 112 lbs., 140 lbs.

, 140 lbs., 196 lbs.

, 196 lbs., 2 cwt.

And for every cwt. exceeding 2 cwt. And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition

s. d.

0 2 0 4

0 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 0 4

0 1

CAP. LVII.

An Act to mate further Provision for the Enrolment of certain Deeds, Assurances, and other Instruments relating to Charitable Trusts.

[80th July 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the 6 Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

Chapter Thirty-six, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposi-

(tion

1866. Charitable Trusts Deeds Enrolment. Cap. 57. 327

tion of Lands whereby the same become inalienable: And whereas by a Second Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year ' of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Nine, certain c Deeds, Assurances, and Instruments theretofore made were,

notwithstanding the first-mentioned Act, made valid where the same, or any separate Deed or Instrument declaring the c Charitable Uses thereof, had been or should be within the

Time therein mentioned enrolled in Her Majesty's High f Court of Chancery; and by Two subsequent Acts respectively passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Her present Majesty,

Chapter Seventeen, and the Twenty-seventh Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirteen, the second-mentioned c Act was explained and amended, and the Time for making c Enrolments thereunder was extended, and has since expired;

and it is expedient that further Provision should be made ' with respect to certain Deeds, Assurances, and Instruments f now rendered void for Want of Compliance with the Provi-f sions of the first-mentioned Act

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any Trustee, Governor, Director, or Manager of any Any Trustee, Charity, or any other Person entitled to act in the Manage- of any ment 6f-br"-otherwise interested in any Charitable Trust, may, apply1toCourt by Summons in a summary Way, and without Service thereof of Chancery upon any PersonTappIy to the Court of CEancery for an Ordert fo^Order authorizing the Enrolment in the Court of any Deed, Assurance, ^rolmenfof or other Instrument whereby any Hereditaments of any Tenure any Deed, &c. or any Estate or Interest therein have or has been or shall be given, granted, or in any way conveyed, settled, or charged for Charitable Uses, or of any other Deed, Assurance, or instrument relative to or connected with any Charitable Trust, and which Deed, Assurance, or Instrument ought to have been enrolled, but has not been enrolled within the Time by Law limited for that Purpose, or (where such Deed, Assurance, or Instrument has been lost or destroyed by Time or Accident, and the Trusts thereof sufficiently appear by some subsequent Deed appointing new Trustees, or otherwise reciting the Trusts created by the original Deed, Assurance, or Instrument) for an Order authorizing the Enrolment of such subsequent Deed.

2. If the Court shall be satisfied by Affidavit or otherwise jf Court that the Deed, Assurance, or otEer Instrument conveying or satisfied that charging the Hereditaments, Estate, or Interest for Charitable

Uses was made really and bona fide for full h/ncT valuable Con- fuU°and 6 sideration, actually paid at or before the making or perfecting valuable Con-thereof, or reserved by way of Rentcharge or other-annual sideration, Payment, or partly paid at or before the making or perfecting make Order of such Deed, Assurance, or other Instrument, and partly re- authorizing served as aforesaid, without Fraud or Collusion, and that at Enrolment* the Time of the Application to the Court Possession or Enjoy-

328

Force and Effect given to Deed, &c. by Enrolment.

Proviso concerning Deeds, &c. as to which at Time of Application to Court, any Action, &c. shall be pending.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 45.

Orders set out in Schedule confirmed.

Cap. 57, 58. Charitable Trusts Deeds Enrolment. 29 & 30 VICT.

ment is held under such Deed, Assurance, or other Instrument, and that the Omission to enrol the same in proper Time has arisen from mere Ignorance or Inadvertence, or from the Destruction^thereof by Time or Accident^it shall be lawful for the CourtT to make an Order authorizing the Enrolment in the Court of the Deed, Assurance, or Instrument to which the Application relates, or of a such subsequent Deed, as the Case may be, and the same shall thereupon be enrolled accordingly at any Time within Six Calendar Months from the Date of the Order, and no-Acknowledgment shall be necessary prior to Enrolment.

3. Every Enrolment made pursuant to an Order of the Court under this Act shall, notwithstanding anything in the first-mentioned Act contained, have the same Force and Effect which by the second-mentioned Act, as explained and amended by the Two subsequent Acts before mentioned, is given to the Enrolment of a Deed, Assurance, or other Instrument, or of a subsequent Deed, by the Three last-mentioned Acts respectively authorized to be enrolled, and duly enrolled according to the Provisions thereof and within the Time thereby respectively limited.

4. Provided alwTays, That nothing herein contained shall affect or apply to any Deed, Instrument, or Assurance as to which at the Time of any such Application to the Court of Chancery any Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be pending for setting aside the same or for asserting any Eight founded on the Invalidity thereof, or any Decree or Judgment shall have been then already obtained founded on such Invalidity.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Ardglctss, Blackpool (South), Cowes (West), Dawlish, Hopeman, Hornsea, Llandudno, Benzance, Blymouth (Hoe), Redcar, and Scarborough.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of c " Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act,

1861, is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the c Confirmation thereof by Act of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisional c Orders made by the Board of Trade under the said Act, and

set out in the Schedule to this Act, be confirmed by Act of 6 Parliament

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Orders set out in the Schedule to this Act shall be and the same are hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions

1866.

329

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

visions thereof in Manner and Form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1866.

The SCHEDULE of Orders.

1. Ardglass. — Amendment of Order.

2. Blackpool (South). — Construction of a Pier.

3. Cowes (West). — Construction of a Pier.

4. Dawlish. — Construction of a Pier.

5. Hopeman. — Improvement of Harbour.

6. Hornsea. — Construction of a Pier.

7. Llandudno. — Construction of a Pier.

8. Penzance. — Construction of a Pier.

9. Plymouth (Hoe). — Construction of a Pier.

10. Redcar. — Construction of a Pier.

11. Scarborough. — Construction of a Pier.

ARDGLASS.

Order for the Amendment of The Ardglass Harbour Order, 1864,

and for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the

Harbour at Ardglass, in the County of Down.

1. The following clauses of The Ardglass Harbour Order, 1864, in this Order called the Order of 1864, namely, clauses 1 to 18 (both inclusive), 21, and 22, shall be deemed to be expunged therefrom.

2. Aubrey de Vere Beauclerk, of Ardglass Castle in the County of Down, Esquire, his heirs and assigns, or other his successors in estate, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the undertakers may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

4. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the undertakers may, in or at the said harbour, and in the lines and on the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the plans and sections deposited for the purposes of this Order, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

E e 3 6. The

[Short Title.]

Ardglass.

Amendment of Ardglass Harbour Order, 1864.

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Ardglass.

Description of works.

Commencement of rates.

Application of rates.

Pilotage, &c.

Incorporation of Order of 1864.

[Short Title.]

Blackpool

(South').

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

The repairing and rebuilding of the pier or quay for a length of 110 feet from the present quay:

The rebuilding and extension of the pier or quay for a further length of 100 feet seawards, and the erection of a beacon on the end of the same:

The deepening of portions of the harbour.

7. The right of the undertakers to demand and receive rates shall commence from and after the repairing and rebuilding of the pier or quay for a length of 110 feet from the present quay, whether the remaining part of the works authorized by this Order is completed or not, and not sooner; of which repairing and rebuilding a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions having jurisdiction at the port of Ardglass shall be conclusive evidence, which certificate such Chairman shall give on being satisfied of such repairing and rebuilding.

8. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following:

(1.) In paying the expenses of and connected with the applying for, obtaining, and making of this Order.

(2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing harbour and works, and of the works authorized by this Order.

(3.) And as to the surplus revenue of the harbour, that is to say, so much of the rates as remains after answering the purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applicable by the Undertakers to and for their own proper use and benefit.

9. The undertakers shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and Acts amending the same, with all the powers thereby conferred on pilotage authorities and on local authorities.

10. The provisions of the Order of 1864' (save the clauses in this Order specified as expunged therefrom) shall remain in full force, and shall be read together with this Order as one Order, the undertakers being substituted for the Company.

11. This Order may be cited as The Ardglass Harbour Order, 1866, and this Order and the Order of 1864 may be cited together as The Ardglass Harbour Orders, 1864 and L866.

BLACKPOOL (SOUTH).

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Blackpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

1. The South Blackpool Jetty Company (Limited), in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans

deposited

331

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

deposited for the purposes of this Order* as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, (except so much thereof respectively.as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement,) are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time, before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A promenade pier, jetty, and landing place commencing at a point on the shore near the Wellington Hotel, and opposite Chapel Street, in Blackpool, in the township of Layton-with-Warbrick, and parish of Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and extending thence into the sea in a westerly direction a distance of one thousand six hundred feet or thereabouts; and all necessary works and conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things described in the Schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers

Clauses

Blackpool

(South).

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Rates according to Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

332

Blackpool

(South') *

Custom-house Officers exempt from rates.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply. Restriction on use of pier.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 Vict.

Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following Sections of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely. Sections 16 to 19, and 21 to 23, all inclusive.

13. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels," and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. Part Y. of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

15. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier or jetty authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier or jetty for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

16. This Order may be cited as The South Blackpool Jetty Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Passengers and Pbomenaders using the

Pier.

£ s. d\

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each

time, any sum not exceeding - 0 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 2

For every Bath or sedan chair taken on the pier,

for each time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier or jetty,

for each time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 4

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 333

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, £ s. d. Blackpool being an inhabitant of the town of Blackpool, (South).

and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 1 0 0

II. — Rates on Passengers Luggage shipped or landed at the Pier.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 0 2

For every 112 lbs. weight, or fractional part thereof,

in addition - - -003

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton 0 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under

50 tons, per ton - - 0 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under

100 tons, per ton - - 0 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and

under 150 tons, per ton - 0 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and

upwards, per ton - - 0 1 0

For every lighter, for each trip, per ton - - 0 0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - - 0 0 6

COWES (WEST). Cowes

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a K__________

Pier at West Coives in the Isle of Wight and County of Southamvton.

1. The West Cowes Pier Company (Limited), in this Order The under-called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works takers, authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, Power to take the Company may from time to time by agreement enter on, specified lands take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans agreement, deposited for the purposes of this Order, as intended to be

taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, Actsincor-except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase pora e and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also Power to make to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board works *

of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company

may.

Cowes

West).

Description of pier.

Pier to be open.

Vessels not to be moored at pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Officers exempt from rates.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the plans and sections deposited for the purposes of this Order, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:—

The construction of a pier commencing at or near a point at the back of Gloucester House in High Street, West Cowes, in the Parish of North wood, in the Isle of Wight and County of Southampton, and extending thence into the sea, in a north-easterly direction, for a distance of 350 feet or thereabouts, but not beyond low-water mark at ordinary spring tides: with a landing place and all necessary works, approaches, and conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes.

6. The pier shall be constructed and maintained of open timber or iron work, and shall not be at any time solidified to any extent, except with the previous approval in writing of the Board of Trade.

7. Vessels or boats shall not be allowed to be moored alongside of the pier or to remain there longer than is necessary for landing or embarking passengers or goods.

8. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things described in the Schedule hereto, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

9. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

10. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a j>eriod, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

11. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on,

along,

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

along, and from the pier, by land, and with their vessels and otherwise without payment.

12. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

13. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

14. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to nineteen, and twenty-one to twenty-three, all inclusive.

15. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels, and things, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

16. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

17. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

18. Nothing in this Order shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect any right, power, authority, or privilege vested in, exercised, or enjoyed by the Local Board of Health for the town of West Cowes as the Commissioners for executing such parts of the Local Act of the Fifty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-five, as remain unrepealed.

19. This Order may be cited as The West Cowes Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier,

s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50

tons, per ton - - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under

100 tons, per ton - - 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under

150 tons, per ton - - 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton - - - 1 0

All lighters, for each trip, per ton - 0 2

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board

goods, each - - - 0 6

335

Cowes (West).

Lands for extraordinary-purposes. Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply.

Restriction on use of pier.

Saving for Local Board.

[Short Title.]

336 Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Cowes

(West). II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

s» d *

Ale* beer, and porter, per hogshead - - 0 6

Ale (bottled), per barrel - - 0 4

Ditto, per dozen bottles - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - 0 9

Anchor stock, per foot run - 0 2

Bark, per ton - 2 0

Bedding, per bundle - - 0 3

Beef or pork, per cwt. - - 0 3

Ditto, per barrel - 0 6

Biscuit or bread, per cwt. - 0 3

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons - - 3 0

Bones and bone dust, per ton - - 1 6

Bottles, per gross - - 0 9

Bricks, per 1,000 - 1 6

Butter and lard, per barrel - - 0 6

Ditto, per firkin - 0 3

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton - - 3 0

Canvas, per bolt - - 0 1

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per

puncheon - - 0 3

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle: —

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each - 3 0

Calves, each - - 1 0

Horses, each - 4 0

Pigs, each - - 0 6

Sheep, each - - 1 0

Chalk, per ton - - 1 0

Cheese, per cwt. - - 0 4

Chimney pots, each - 0 3

Clay, per ton - - 1 0

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding cwt. 0 6

Carriages: —

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each 7 6

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each 5 0

Hand-carts and perambulators, each - 1 0

Coals, per ton - - 1 0

Copper, per ton - .-30

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Cork, per cwt. - - 0 6

Corpses, each - - - 20 0

Crystal, per box or package - - 0 6

Dogs, each - — -06

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Earthenware (in crates), per foot - - 0 1

Eggs, per box - - 0 3

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt. - 0 2

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.

Flax, per ton -Flour and meal, per sack r Ditto, per barrel -Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate

Ditto, per small crate or case Ditto, per box -Grains and seeds, per quarter -Groceries (not enumerated)

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. Hardware, per ton Hares and rabbits, per dozen -Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -Hemp, per ton -Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 Ditto (cured), per barrel Hides:

Ox, Cow, or horse (wet or dry), each . Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton Manufactured, per ton -Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather, tanned and dressed, per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton -

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each -

Ditto, under 10 inches -Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cube foot -

Nets, per 5 cube feet -

Oakum, per cwt -Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ore3, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt.

Cap. 58.

s. d.

2 0

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 4

1 6

0 6

0 6

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 4

2 6

0 4.

1 6

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 2

1 6

1 0

2 6

0 1

2 0

2 6

0 3

1 4

1 0

2 6

1 0

4 6

3 0

0 6

0

0 t

0 4

0 2

2 0

2 0

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 2

337

Cowes (West).

338

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Cowes C West),

s. d.

Poultry and game, per dozen - - 0 4

Rags and old rope, per ton - - 2 0

Sails, per cwt. - - 0 6

Salt, per cwt. - - 0 1

Sand, per ton - ---10

Shrimp baskets, each - -02

Skins:— Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen - 0 6

Slates, per ton, of 24 cubic feet - 2 0

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead - - 1 0

Ditto, ditto, per gallon - - 0 1

Stones, per ton, of 16 cubic feet - 1 6

Steel, per ton - - 3 0

Sugar, per cwt. - - - 0 3

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt. - -.03

Tea, per chest - 1 0

Tiles, per 1,000 - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - 0 6

Turbot, per score - - 0 3

Turnips, per ton - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per.barrel - 0 6

Turtle, each ' - - 26

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - - 1 0

Water, per cask - - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - - - 1 0

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles - 0 2

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of 50 feet - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - 2 0

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - 1 6

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120- - 30

Oars, per 120 - 5 0

Spars under 22 feet in length, above 2^ and

under inches in diameter, per 120 - - 5 0

Ditto, inches in diameter and under, per

120 - -40

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches diameter, per 120 -90

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter,

per 120 - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

per 120 - - 2 0

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per ton - 3 0

Trenails, per 1,000 - 2 6

Wedges, per 1,000 - - - 2 6

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 339

Wood — continued. s. d. Cowes

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 - 2 6 (West).

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and

rosewood, per ton - 2 0

Wool, per cwt. - - 0 4

Yarn, per cwt. - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - 2 0

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a portion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates* for use of Cranes, Weighing Machines,

and Sheds.

lsf. Rates of Craneage.

s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - 0 4

Exceeding; 1 ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 6

33 2 tons 33 3 tons - 0 8

33 3 tons 33 4 tons 0 10

33 4 tons 33 5 tons - - 1 0

33 5 tons 33 6 tons - J 2

33 6 tons 33 7 tons - - 1 4

33 7 tons 33 8 tons - 1 6

33 8 tons 33 9 tons - - 1 10

33 9 tons 33 10 tons - 2 4

, 10 tons - 3 6

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum. of 3d., and the sum of l^c?. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day per package -02

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier.

Water, per 1,000 gallons - - 10 0

Cotoes (West).

Dawlish.

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT. V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the

Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on the s. d.

pier from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier,

for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each

time any sum not exceeding - - 0 2

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of North wood, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry.

an annual sum not exceeding - 20 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0 4

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 5

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - 0 6

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - 0 7

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - - 0 4

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0 1

DAWLISH.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Dawlish, in the County of Devon.

1. The Dawlish Pier Company (Limited), in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the Works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the Works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time by agreement enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board

of

341

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the plans and sections deposited for the purposes of this Order, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following

A pier at Dawlish in the county of Devon (with a landing-place and all necessary works and conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes), commencing at a point on the sea wall distant about 80 feet westward of the western end of the platform of the Dawlish Railway station, and extending from that point into the sea in a southerly direction for a distance of 800 feet or thereabouts, with lateral limits of deviation extending a distance of & chains on each side of the proposed pier throughout the whole length thereof.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things described in the Schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase, for extraordinary purposes, land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

F f 3 11. The

Dawlish.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Custom House Officers exempt from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

342

Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply.

Restriction on use of pier.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to nineteen, and twenty-one to twenty-three, all inclusive.

13. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

15. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the{pier for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

16. This Order may be cited as The Dawlish Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under

50 tons, per ton - - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under

100 tons, per ton - - 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under

150 tons, per ton - - 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and

upwards, per ton - -10

All lighters, for each trip, per ton - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board

goods, each - - . - 0 6

II — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the

Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead - 0 6

Ale (bottled), per barrel - - 0 4

Ditto, per dozen bottles - - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - . - - 0 9

Anchor stock, per foot run - - 0 2

Bark, per ton - -20

Bedding, per bundle- - - 0 3

Beef or pork, per cwt. - - 0 3

Ditto, per barrel - - 0 6

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

343

d. Dawlisk,

Biscuit or bread* per cwt. - - 0 3 -

Blubber^ per tun of 252 gallons - - 3 0

Bones and bone dust* per ton - 1 6

Bottles* per gross - - 0 9

Bricks* per 1*000 - - - 1 6

Butter and lard* per barrel - 0 6

Ditto* per firkin - - 0 3

Cables, iron or hempen* per ton - 3 0

Canvas, per bolt - - 0 1

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per

puncheon - - - 0 3

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle: —

Bulls* cows* and oxen* each - 3 0

Calves* each - - - 1 0

Horses* each - - 4 0

Pigs* each - - - 0 6

Sheep, each - 1 0

Chalk* per ton - - - 1 0

Cheese, per cwt. - - 0 4

Chimney pots* each - - - 0 3

Clay* per ton - - 1

Cloth* haberdashery* &c.* per package not exceeding

cwt. - -06

Carriages: —

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each - 7 6

Gigs* carts, and other two-wheeled carriages* each 5 0

Hand-carts and perambulators, each - - 1 0

Coals* per ton - - - 1 0

Copper* per ton - - - 3 0

Cordage* per cwt. - - 0 3

Cork* per cwt. - - - 0 6

Corpses, each - -200

Crystal* per box or package - - 0 6

Dogs, each - - 0 6

Drugs (in casks, hampers* or boxes)* per foot - - 0 2

Earthenware (in casks* hampers* or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Earthenware (in crates)* per foot - 0 1

Eggs* per box - - .- - - 0 3

Fish (dried and salted)* per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto* fresh (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 2

Flax* per ton - - - 2 0

Flour and meal* per sack - - 0 4

Ditto* per barrel - - 0 3

Fruit* per bushel or sieve - 0 4

Furniture (household)* per 5 cubic feet - - 0 4

Glass* per large crate - - 1 6

Ditto* per small crate or case - 1 0

Ditto, per box - - - 0 6

Grains and seeds, per quarter - 0 6

443

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Dawlish. ' s d

Groceries (not enumerated) - 0 6

Guano, per ton - - - 1 6

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg - - 0 6

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. - 0 4

Hardware, per ton - - 2 6

Hares and rabbits, per dozen - 0 4

Hay, per ton - -16

Ditto, per truss - - - 0 2

Hemp, per ton - - -20

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 - - 0 3

Ditto (cured), per barrel - 0 3

Hides: —

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each - - 0 2

Iron:—

Bar, bolt, rod, and sliots, per ton - - 1 6

Pig and old, per ton - -10

Manufactured, per ton - 2 6

Pots, each - - - 0 1

Kelp, per ton - - 2 0

Lead, per ton - - - 2 6

Leather, tanned and dressed, per cwt. - - 0 3

Lime, per 28 bushels - - 1 4

Limestone, per ton - - - 1 0

Machinery, per ton - - 2 6

Manure (not enumerated), per ton - 1 0

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards,

each - -46

Ditto, under 10 inches - 3 0

Meat (fresh), per cwt. - 0 6

Milk, per gallon - 0 0

Musical instruments, per cube foot - 0 1

Nets, per 5 cube feet - - 0 4

Oakum, per cwt. - 0 2

Oils, per tun - -20

Oilcake, per ton - - - 2 0

Oranges and lemons, per box - 0 6

Ores, per ton - - 1 0

Oysters, per bushel - - 0 3

Paint, per cwt. - - *- - 0 4

Pitch and tar, per barrel - - 0 6

Potatoes, per cwt. - - 0 2

Poultry and game, per dozen - 0 4

Rags and old rope, per ton - 2 0

Sails, per cwt. - - 0 6

Salt, per cwt. - - 0 1

Sand, per ton - - - 1 0

Shrimp baskets, each - 0 2

Skins: —

Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen - 0 6

Slates, per ton, of 24 cubic feet - 2 0

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 345

s. d. Dawlisk.

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead - - 1 0

Ditto, ditto, per gallon - 0 1

Stones, per ton, of 16 cubic feet - .1 6

Steel, per ton - - 3 0

Sugar, per cwt. - - 0 3

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt. - - 0 3

Tea, per chest - - -10

Tiles, per 1,000 - - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - - 0 6

Turbot, per score - -0.3

Turnips, per ton - - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel - 0 6

Turtle, each - - 2 6

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - - 1 0

Water, per cask - - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - - 1 0

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles - 0 2

Wood: —

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of 50 feet - - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - - 2 0

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - -16

Juaths and lathwood, per^fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120- -30

Oars, per 120 - -50

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2\ and under

inches in diameter, per 120 - - 5 0

Ditto, inches in diameter and under, per 120 4 0

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 - 9 0

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

per 120 - - 2 0

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - 3 0

Trenails, per 1,000 - - 2 6

Wedges, per 1,000 - - 2 6

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 - 2 6

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and

rosewood, per ton - 2 0

Wool, per cwt. - - - 0 4

Yarn, per cwt. - - - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot - - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - - 2 0

346

JDawlish.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a portion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st. Rates of Craneage.

s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 6

2 tons 99 3 tons - 0 8

99 3 tons 99 4 tons - - 0 10

99 4 tons 99 5 tons - 1 0

99 5 tons 99 6 tons - - 1 2

99 6 tons 99 7 tons - 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons - 1 6

. 99 8 tons 99 9 tons - - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons - 2 4

99 10 tons - - 3 6

2d, Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d., and the sum of 1 %d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - - 0 2

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier.

Water, per 1,000 gallons - 10 0

Y. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - 0 6

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every time not exceeding - - 0 6

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 347

s. d, Daiolisk.

For every perambulator - 0 2 -

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of Dawlish, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - 20 0

VI. — Bates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - 0 4

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 5

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - 0 6

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - 0 7

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - 0 4

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0 1

HOPEMAN. Hopeman.

Order for the Improvement and Regulation of the Harbour of Hopeman in the Parish of Duffus and County of Elgin.

1. Thomas Duff Gordon Duff, Esquire, and his successors, Undertakers, owners of the harbour of Hopeman for the time being, shall be the undertakers for carrying this Order into execution.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, Powers to take the undertakers may from time to time, by agreement, enter lands by

on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the aSreement plan deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," incorporation except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of Lands

of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Clauses Acts* Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and to the pro- Power to visions for notice to the Board of Trade, contained in the Act execute works, of the 46 th year of the reign of King George the Third,

chapter 153, as amended by The Harbours Transfer Act, 1862* the undertakers may maintain and improve the existing harbour and works, and may also within the limits of this Order execute and maintain all such other works, buildings, sheds, warehouses, wharves, jetties, and conveniences as are from time to time necessary for the improvement of the harbour, or the accommodation of the shipping resorting thereto.

5. The limits of this Order shall be as follows, namely: — Limits of Commencing at a point on the street leading from the harbour.

village of Hopeman to the harbour, at a distance of ten feet from the north-east corner of the Hopeman

Steam

348

Hopemari.

Power to levy dues according to schedule.

Power to reduce dues.

Recovery of dues.

Publication of Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from dues.

Exemption of Customs officers.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Steam Mills, and proceeding in a westerly direction therefrom for a distance of three hundred and sixty yards, to a point on the shore about sixty-five yards, measuring at right angles, from high-water mark, and from that point, in a northerly direction, seawards, a distance of four hundred and sixty-five yards, thence eastwards a distance of six hundred and sixty yards, thence shorewards in a southerly direction for a distance of four hundred and sixty-five yards to a point on the shore three hundred yards east of the point first described, and thence westwards for a distance of three hundred yards to that point.

6. Subject and according to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may demand and receive in respect of vessels, passengers, goods, fish, animals, and things described in the Schedule to this Order any dues not exceeding the several sums therein specified.

7. The Board of Trade, at any time on an application in writing from six or more of the owners of vessels or boats resorting to the harbour, and after hearing the undertakers, may, if the dues appear to the Board of Trade excessive or disproportionate to the benefits conferred, reduce the same, with power to the Board of Trade to raise them again to not exceeding the maximum amounts specified in the Schedule, and so toties quoties.

8. Dues on a vessel may be recovered by action in any Court of competent jurisdiction from the owner or any part owner or skipper thereof, or from the consignee or owner of the goods therein; and this provision shall be without prejudice to the powers of the undertakers under section of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847.

9. The undertakers shall keep a copy of the Schedule to this Order, printed in large letters and figures, exhibited in the office of the collector of the dues, and accessible to all persons at all times while the office is in use for business; and they shall also at all times keep printed copies of the Schedule, and sell the same to all persons desiring to buy the same at a price not exceeding one penny a copy.

10. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the harbour of Hopeman, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from dues leviable under this Order.

11. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the wharf, harbour, and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

12. The

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58,

12. The undertakers shall not grant a lease or tack of the harbour or of the dues leviable under this Order for a longer period than three years at a time.

13. The dues received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise

1. In paying the costs of and connected with the pre-

paration and making of this Order:

2. In paying the expenses of the maintenance, repair,

improvement, management, and regulation of the existing harbour and works:

3. In payment of the interest of any money borrowed

under this Order, and in or towards repayment of the principal of such money:

4. In the execution and maintenance of such other works,

buildings, sheds, warehouses, wharves, jetties, and conveniences as are authorized by this Order:

5. As to the surplus revenue of the harbour, if any, after

providing for the purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applicable by the undertakers to and for their own proper use and benefit.

14. The undertakers may from time to time borrow and reborrow at interest such money as may be required for the purposes of this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine thousand pounds, on the security of the due3 authorized by this Order; or they may accept and take from any bank or banking company credit to such amount as they deem expedient, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of nine thousand pounds, on a cash account to be opened and kept in the name of the undertakers, according to the usage of bankers in Scotland, and they may assign the dues hereby authorized, in security of the repayment of the sum or sums so borrowed, or of the amount of such credit, or of the surps advanced from time to time on such cash account, with interest thereon respectively, by dispositions and assignations, which dispositions and assignations, and all transfers thereof, may be in the form as near as may be in the Schedule (B.) to the Burgh Harbours (Scotland) Act, 1853, annexed, and shall be recorded in the General Register of Sasines or in the Particular Register of Sasines for the county of Elgin, and have preference according to the priority of their registration therein, except in so far as a pari passu preference may by the dispositions and assignations have been established among all or some of them, as being assignations of parts of one capital sum, which the undertakers may by a resolution of a specified date have determined to borrow in parts.

15. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

16. The undertakers shall regularly keep down the interest accruing on any money borrowed under this Order, and shall not allow any such interest to be in arrear for a longer period

349

Hopeman.

Lease of harbour.

Application of Receipts.

Power to borrow.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Undertakers to keep down interest and pay off principal.

350

Hopeman.

Arrears of interest, &c. may be enforced by the appointment of a judicial factor.

Appointment of a judicial factor.

Amount to authorize application for judicial factor. Exclusion of portions of Harbours Clauses Act, 1847.

Meters and weighers.

Steam vessels, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

[Short title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

than three months at any one time, and shall repay the money borrowed within 50 years from the time of borrowing.

17. If within two months after the interest on any mortgages granted by the undertakers has become due, or after the period prescribed for the payment of the principal sums in such mortgages has expired, such interest or principal (as the case may be) is not paid, the holders of such mortgages may, without prejudice to any rights, remedies, or security otherwise competent to or held by them, require the appointment of a judicial factor, by an application to be made as herein-after provided.

18. Every application for a judicial factor under the provisions of this Order shall be made to the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of the county of Elgin; on any such application the said Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute may, by order in writing, after hearing the parties, appoint some person to receive the whole or a competent part of the dues, until all the arrears of interest or of principal, as the case may be, then due on the outstanding mortgages, together with all costs, including the charges of receiving the said rates, be fully paid; on such appointment being made all the dues shall be paid to and received by the person so appointed, and the money so received shall be so much money received by or to the use of the mortgagees, and so soon as the full amount of any interest or principal in arrear, and costs, has been so received, the power of such judicial factor shall cease: Provided always, that such judicial factor shall distribute among all the mortgagees to whom interest or principal shall be in arrear the rates and other monies which shall so come into his hands, having respect in such distribution to the priorities, if any, of such mortgages.

19. The amount to authorize the application for appointment of a judicial factor shall be one thousand pounds in one or more mortgages.

20. Notwithstanding anything in The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act contained, the following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 25, 26, and 47.

21. The undertakers shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the harbour.

22. The undertakers may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for the purposes of the harbour, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

23. The undertakers shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and Acts amending the same, with all the powers thereby conferred on pilotage authorities and on local authorities.

24. This Order may be cited as The Hopeman Harbour Order, 1866.

1866.

Pie? and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

351

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Dues on Vessels entering or using the Harbour.

Hopeman.

For every vessel wholly or partly decked: — s, d.

If under 20 tons burden - per register ton 0 4

If 20 tons burden or upwards - per register ton 0 6

All open boats engaged in the herring fishery at the port to pay each, at the commencement of the summer fishing season, in full of tonnage duty, for such season - 10 0

All open boats loading or discharging herrings or other fresh fish, not engaged to fish at the port for the summer season, shall each pay for every time they so load or discharge' - - 1 0

AJ1 open boats entering said harbour, wind-bound or

for shelter, having no cargo, to pay each time -06 Ditto, ditto, having a cargo but not discharging, to pay

each time - 0 9

All other boats loading or discharging, for every time 1 6

All boats engaged in the white fishing for the season, to commence 1st October, shall pay annually in advance - - 15 0

II. — Stance Dues.

For every herring boat hauled up in the harbour for

wintering, yearly, per boat - 4 0

III. — Dues for Passengers.

For every passenger landing from or embarking in

any vessel or boat in the harbour 0 3

IV. — Dues on Animals and Goods shipped or unshipped,

RECEIVED OR DELIVERED IN THE HARBOUR.

Ballast ---- per ton 0 1

Boxes and casks, empty, exclusive of empties returned,

each - 0 1

Ditto, ditto, returned empty within 3 months after

arriving full - Exempt

Ditto, ditto, if returned empty after 3 month - each 0

Bricks, tiles, and slates, all kinds - per 1,000 1 6

Cake and feeding stuffs for cattle, all kinds per ton 1 0

Cattle and other live animals, viz .:

Horses, asses, mules, bulls, cows, and oxen each 1 0

Calves, sheep, and pigs - - each 0 1J

Lambs and other live animals, except poultry - each 0 1

Live poultry - per dozen 0 3

Coals, all kinds - per ton 0 6

Corn, all kinds - per quarter 0 2

Fish, viz.: — Salmon, herring, and white, all kinds,

fresh, cured, salted, and dry - - per cwt. 0 1

Or, in the Collector's option per cran or barrel 0 2\

- G g 2

352

ffopeman.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Flour and meal -Guano, bones, and other extraneous, or portable manures Hay and straw -Lime -

Or, in the Collector's option Luggage of each passenger arriving more than two barrels bulk Manure, common -Salt

- per cwt. artificial, light,

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton per 8 bushels

or leaving, if - per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton

Shell-fish, all kinds (bait for fishing exempted) per cwt. Spirits and wine, all kinds - - per gallon

Stones, undressed - per ton

Ditto, dressed - per ton

Ditto, paving - per ton

Tea - per 80 lbs.

Timber, unwrought, all kinds, 2 per cent, of value, or at Collector's option, per load of 50 cubic feet -All other goods, articles, and effects not enumerated: By weight - per cwt.

Or, in the Collector's option, by measurement, per barrel bulk -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement to be taken, and for any less weight or measurement than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged, not being less than Id. for any one box, parcel, or package.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding 2\ cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of 5 cubic, feet is greater than 2\ cwt., then 2\ cwt. is to be rated as a barrel bulk.

s. d. 0 1

1 0 0 8

0 5 0 1

0 2 0 2

1 0 0 1 0

0 1 0 2 0 4

0 5

0 6

0 1

0 3

V. — Dues for the Use of Sheds, Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Hawsers.

1st Sheds.

For each ton and each 8 barrels bulk of goods which shall remain in any shed, or on the pier, for any

longer time than 48 hours, for the first day, or part of a day, 3d .; and for each day thereafter,

1 id.

2d. Use of Cranes.

For all goods raised or lowered - - per ton 0 2

3d. Use of Weighing Machines.

For coals, lime, and timber - - per ton 0 2 .

For hay and salt - - - per load 0 6

For all other goods and commodities - per ton 0 4

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

353

Hbpeman.

Hornsea.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

4dh. Haivsers.

For every vessel under the burden of 100 tons using any hawser, the property of the undertakers, 6d. per vessel; and for every vessel of the burden of 100 tons or upwards, Is. per vessel; each time of using.

HORNSEA.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Hornsea in the East Riding of the County of York.

1. The Hornsea Pier Company (Limited), hereafter in this The under-Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the takers, works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order Power to take the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, specified lands take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans by agreemen deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be

taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also Power to to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board make works* of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: Description of A pier, jetty, and landing place, with all proper works, Pier *

tramways, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith, for promenade, and for the embarking and landing of passengers, fish, cattle, goods, and merchandise, and for the safe keeping of boats and other purposes, commencing at or near the northern extremity of an arable field in the township and parish of Hornsea, in the East Riding of the county of York, called Hodgson's Close, the property of and in the occupation of Joseph Armytage Wade, Esq., lying between the terminus of the Hull and Hornsea Railway, at Hornsea, and the sea, and extending seaward in an easterly direction a distance of 1, 200 feet or thereabouts.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the Power to take persons, vessels, fish, cattle, goods, and things described in the ^Schedule1tcf Schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the rates in that Order. Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the Certain fishing

time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port ..... 1

vessels under stress of wea-

354

Homseh.

ther exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Custom-house officers exempt from rates.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c.Act, 1847, excepted.

Restriction on use of pier.

[Short title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16 to 19, and 21 to 23, all inclusive.

13. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier, jetty, or landing place authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier, jetty, or landing place for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

14. This Order may be cited as The Hornsea Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates oh Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on the £ s. d. pier from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 2

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each time any sum not exceeding For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each time any sum not exceeding For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Hornsea, and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding

Cap. 58.

£ S. d.

0 0 6

0 0 2

355

Hornsea.

1 0 0

II. — Rates on Passengers Luggage landed or shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, and not borne by the passenger, not exceeding 28 lbs.

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

, 84 lbs., 112 lbs.

, 112 lbs., 140 lbs.

, 140 lbs., 196 lbs.

, 196 lbs., 2 cwt.

And for every 20 lbs. weight^n addition -

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier

For every vessel under 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton, 50 tons, 100 tons,

, 100 tons, 150 tons,

, 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each -

the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead Ale, bottled, per barrel Ditto, per dozen bottles -Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -Bark, per ton -Bedding, per bundle Beef or pork, per cwt.

Beef or pork, per barrel Biscuits or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons - Bones and bone dust, per ton Bottles, per gross Bricks, per 1,000 Butter and lard, per barrel - Ditto, per firkin

s. d.

0 2

0 4

0 5

0 6

0 7

0 8

0 1

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

AT

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 6

0 3

3 0

1 6

0 9

1 6

0 6

0 3

356 Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT-

Hornsea. s. d.

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton - - 3 0

Canvas, per bolt - 0 1

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each 7 6

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each 5 0

Hand carts and perambulators, each - - 1 0

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per

puncheon - 0 3

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each - 3 0

Calves, each - - - 1 0

Horses, each - - - 4 0

Pigs, each - - - 0 6

Sheep, each - - - 0 6

Chalk, per ton - 1 0

Cheese, per cwt. - - 0 4

Chimney pots, each - 0 3

Clay, per ton - - - 1 0

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding

one cwt. - - 0 6

Coals, per ton - - - 1 0

Copper, per ton - 3 0

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Corks, per cwt. - 0 6

Corpses, each - - - 20 0

Crystal, per box or package - - 0 6

Dogs, each - - 06

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Earthenware (in crates), per foot - 0 1

Eggs, per box - - 2 0

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. - .-03

Ditto, fresh, not enumerated - 0 2

Flax, per ton - - 2 0

Flour and meal, per sack - - 0 4

Ditto, per barrel - - 0 3

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet - - 0 4

Fruit, per bushel or sieve - - 0 4

Glass, per large crate - - 1 6

Ditto, per small crate or case - - 1 0

Ditto, per box - - - 0 6

Grains and seeds, per quarter - - 0 6

Groceries, not enumerated, per cwt. - - 0 6

Guano, per ton - 1 6

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg - p 6

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. - - 0 4

Hardware, per ton - -26

Hares and rabbits, ]>er dozen - 0' 4

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.

Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

Ditto (cured), per barrel -

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton Masts and spars, ten inches in diameter and upwards, each -

Ditto, under ten inches, each -

Meat (fresh), per cwt. -Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic foot Nets, per 5 cubic foot -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt.

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet Spirits (Foreign or British), per hogshead Ditto, per gallon -Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Cap. 58.

s. d.

1 6

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 2

1 6

1 0

2 6

0 1

2 0

2 6

0 4

1 4

1 0

2 6

1 0

4 6

3 0

0 6

0 0 *

0 1

0 4

0 2

2 0

2 0

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 2

0 4

2 0

0 6

0 1

1 0

0 2

0 6

2 0

1 0

0 1

1 6

3 0

0 3

0 3

357

Hornsea *

358 Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Hornsea. s. d.

Tea, per chest - 1 0

Tiles, per 1,000 - - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - - 0 6

Turbot, per score - 0 3

Turnips, per ton - - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel - 0 6

Turtle, each - - - 2 6

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - 0 1

Water, per cask - - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - - 1 0

Ditto (bottled), per dozen bottles - 0 2

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of fifty feet - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of fifty feet - >20

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - 1 6

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120 -30

Oars, per 120- - - 50

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2 £ and under

inches in diameter, per 120 - - 4 0

Ditto, 2\ inches in diameter and under, per 120 5 0

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 9 0

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter,

per 120 - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

per 120 - - -20

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - 3 0

Ditto, treenails, per 1,000 - - 2 6

Ditto, wedges, per 1,000 - 2 6

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 - 2 6

Lignum vitse, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and

rosewood, per ton - - 2 0

Wool, per cwt. - - 0 4

Yarn, per cwt. - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumeratad above.

Light goods, per cubic foot - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - - 2 0

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement on all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58 *

Y. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st. Rates of Craneage. s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceedin: g 2 tons - - 0 6

99 2 tons 99 3 tons - 0 8

99 3 tons 99 4 tons - 0 10

99 4 tons 99 5 tons 1 0

99 5 tons 99 6 tons - 1 2

99 6 tons 99 7 tons - 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons - 1 6

99 8 tons 99 9 tons - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons 2 4

, 10 tons - 3 6

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton 0 2

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works^of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - 0 2

VI. — Rates for laying Water Main on Pier.

Water, per ton - 0 6

LLANDUDNO.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Llandudno in the County of Carnarvon.

1. The Llandudno Pier Company (Limited), in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Company shall, within two years from the confirmation of this Provisional Order, and before opening for public traffic the pier and works by this Order authorized, purchase from the London and North-western Railway Company, and the London and North-western Railway Company shall sell to the Company, the existing pier and works at Llandudno aforesaid as shown on the deposited plans, and constructed under the powers

359

Hornsea.

Llandudno.

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands "by agreement.

Power to purchase the pier and works of the London and Northwestern Railway Company.

360

Llandudno.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Alteration of limits of deviation.

Description of pier.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

powers of "The St. George's Harbour Act, 1853," and the several Acts amending the same, and all the tolls, rates, and duties payable in respect thereof, and all the rights and powers of the said Railway Company by virtue of the provisions of the said Acts or any or either of them in relation thereto, connected therewith, or incidental thereto, at the price or sum of One thousand pounds sterling.

4. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, and on the lands mentioned in Clause Six of this Order, subject nevertheless as to such last-mentioned lands to the conditions hereafter contained, [make and maintain the works hereby authorized.

6. With the consent of the Board of Trade and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, the limits of deviation on the north or sea side of the said pier and works shall be extended to a distance of one hundred and twenty or thereabouts yards from the centre line as shown on the said deposited plans, so as to include the existing pier and works of the London and North-western Railway.

.7. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: A pier, jetty, and landing place, with an approach commencing at the bottom of Church Walks, at Llandudno, in the county of Carnarvon, and proceeding across the promenade and slope belonging to the Improvement Commissioners of Llandudno, to high-water mark at ordinary spring tides, a distance of one hundred and eighty feet or thereabouts, in a nearly due easterly direction, and thence proceeding in the same direction by a solid embankment for a distance of about four hundred and fifty feet, thence by a pier or jetty and landing place, extending one thousand six hundred and seventy feet or thereabouts, also in an easterly direction, and of not less than eight feet in height above high-water mark at ordinary spring tides, and fifteen feet in width, to be widened at the head to fifty feet, for a distance of three hundred feet or thereabouts, with a return pier or cant proceeding in a south-westerly direction, two hundred and sixty feet in length and fifty feet in width, or thereabouts;

and

1866.]Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

and all proper works, approaches, and conveniences connected therewith for the embarking and landing of passengers, cattle, goods, and merchandise.

8. The Company may from time to time, with the approval of the Board of Trade first obtained, enlarge the head and cant, or either, to such further extent as the Board of Trade in the interest of navigation approve, and may from time to time, with the like approval first obtained, fill up and solidify with concrete blocks or other material the whole or any part or parts of the space or spaces beneath the head and cant, and the enlarged head or cant.

9. The Company may demand and receive, in respect of the vessels, cattle, goods, merchandise, persons, and things in the Schedule to this Order described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

10. The Company may from time to time give security on the rates leviable under this Order for any money borrowed by the Company for the purposes of the pier and works authorized by this Order; and the Public Works Loan Commissioners may from time to time lend to the Company, on such security as aforesaid, any such money required for those purposes as to the Commissioners seems fit.

11. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. A pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person to whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses, or attempts to use, any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered as penalties are recoverable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

13. The Company may from time to time enter into a contract or contracts with any person or persons, company or body corporate, for any period not exceeding one year, for a composition or reduced payment or payments in respect of any rates leviable under this Order, but so that no preference be given to any such person or persons, company or body corporate, respectively.

14. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier autho-

361

Jjlandudno,

Powers to enlarge head, &c. and fill up space under pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule.

Powers to borrow money.

Money to be applied for purposes of Order.

Pass tickets.

Company may contract for use of pier.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

362

Llandudno.

Exemption of Custom-house officers from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving hells, lighters, &c.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 3D Vict.

rized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

15. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment.

16. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes (within the meaning of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847,) lands exceeding in the whole three acres.

17. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on the pier.

18. The Company may from time to time provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, and other machinery and vessels, and also such tramways on the pier, jetty, and landing place and the approaches thereto authorized by this Order, and such carriages for traffic thereon, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

19. Part Y. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, Act, &c. 1861, shall apply to the pier authorized by this Order.

20. This Order may be cited as The Llandudno Pier Order, 1866.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Piee.

s. cl.

For every vessel under 15 tons, per ton 0 4

For every vessel of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per

ton - -06

For every vessel of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per

ton - - 08

For every vessel of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per

ton - -0 10

For every vessel of 150 tons and upwards, per ton -10 All lighters, for each trip, per ton - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board

goods, each - - 0 6

II. — Rates on Goods shipped ok unshipped at

THE PlEK.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead - - 0 6

Ale, bottled, per barrel - 0 4

Ditto, per dozen bottles - - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - - - 0 9

Anchor stock, per foot run - - 0 2

Bark, per ton - - 2 0

Bedding, per bundle - 0 3

Beef or pork, per cwt. - 0 3

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.

Cap. 58.

363

S; d. Llandudno.

Beef or pork, per barrel Biscuits or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons Bones and bone dust, per ton Bottles, per gross Bricks, per 1,000 Butter and lard, per barrel Ditto, per firkin -Cables, iron or hempen, per ton Canvas, per bolt Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each 7 6

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each 5 0

Hand carts and perambulators, each - 1 0

Casks (empty) not being returned packages, per pun-

x cheon - - -03

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each - 3 0

Calves, each - - 1 0

Horses, each - 4 0

Pigs, each - 0 6

Sheep, each - 0 6

Chalk, per ton - -10

Cheese, per cwt. - - 0 4

Chimney pots, each - 0 3

Clay, per ton - 1 0

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding

1 cwt. - -06

Coals, per ton - - 1 0

Copper, per ton - 3 0

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Corks, per cwt. - - - 0 6

Corpses, each - -20 0

Crystal, per box or package - 0 6

Dogs, each - -06

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot 0 2

Earthenware (in crates), per foot - - 0 1

Eggs, per box - 0 3

Fish (dried or salted), per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto, fresh, not enumerated- - 0 2

Flax, per ton - -20

Flour and meal, per sack - - - 0 4

Ditto, per barrel - 0 3

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet - - 0 4

Fruit, per bushel or sieve - -.-04

Glass, per large crate - - 1 6

Ditto, per small crate or case - 1 0

Ditto, per box - -06

Hh 2

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 6

- 0 9

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 . 0

- 0 1

364

Llandudno.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Grain and seeds, per quarter s. 0 d. 6

Groceries not enumerated, per cwt. - - 0 6

Guano, per ton - - 1 6

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg - 0 6 '

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. - 0 4

Hardware, per ton - - - 2 6

Hares and rabbits, per dozen - 0 4

Hay, per ton - 1 6

Ditto, per truss - 0 2

Hemp, per* ton - - 2 0

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 - - 0 3

Ditto (cured), per barrel [- - - 0 3

Hides: Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each _ 0 2

Iron: Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton - . _ 1 6

Pig and old, per ton - - 1 0

Manufactured, per ton - 2 6

Pots, .each - - 0 1

Kelp, per ton - 2 0

Lead, per ton - - 2 6

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt. - - 0 4

Lime, per 28 bushels - - 1 4

Limestone, per ton - 1 0

Machinery, per ton - 2 6

Manure (not enumerated), per ton - - 1 0

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and each - upwards. 4 6

Ditto, under 10 inches, each - - 3 0

Meat (fresh), per cwt. - 0 6

Milk, per gallon - 0 oi

Musical instruments, per cubic feet - - 0 1

Nets, per 5 cubic feet - - 0 4

Oakum, per cwt. - - 0 2

Oils, per tun - 2 0

Oil cake, per ton - 2 0

Oranges and lemons, per box - - 0 6

Ores, per ton - - 1 0

Oysters, per bushel - 0 3

Paint, per cwt. - 0 4

Pitch and tar, per barrel - - 0 6

Potatoes, per cwt. - 0 2

Poultry and game, per dozen - - 0 4

Rags and old rope, per ton - - 2 0

Sails, per cwt. - - 0 6

Salt, per cwt. - 0 1

Sand, per ton - _ - 1 0

Shrimp baskets, each - - 0 2

1866.

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of^24 cubic feet -Spirits (Foreign or British), per hogshead Ditto, per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt. -

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel -Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt.

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto (bottled), per dozen bottles -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet -

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet -

Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2^ and under inches in diameter, per 120 - Ditto, 2\ inches in diameter, and under, per 120 Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 -

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 -

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Ditto, treenails, per 1,000 Ditto, wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 -

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton -

Wool, per cwt. -Yarn, per cwt.

Hh 3

Cap. 58.

s. d.

0 6

2 0

1 0

0 1

1 6

3 0

0 3

0 3

1 0

1 6

3 0

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 6

2 6

0 4

0 6

0 1

0 3

1 0

0 2

1 6

2 0

1 6

2 6

3 0

5 0

5 0

4 0

9 0

14 0

2 0

3 0

2 6

2 6

2 6

2 0

0 4

0 2

365

Llandudno.

366

Llandudno,

Cap. 58.|P«r and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

All other goods not particularly enumerated above.

s. d»

Light goods, per cubic foot - - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - - 2 0

In charging the rate's on goods, the gross weight or measurement on all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st. Bates of Craneage. All goods or packages, not exceeding ton -Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons 2 tons,

99

>9

3)

99

99

3 tons

tons

5 tons

6 tons

7 tons

8 tons

9 tons 10 tons

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton

3 rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package -

s. d.

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0

1 2

1 4

1 6

1 10

2 4

3 6

0 2

0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - 0 6

V. — Rates on Passengers landing on or embarking from the Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier from, or embarking from it to, any ship, packet, or vessel, passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - -06

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

s. d.

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 2

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each

time any sum not exceeding - 0 2

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Llandudno, and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 20 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage landed or shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, and not borne by the passenger, not exceeding 28 lbs. Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

, 84 lbs., 112 lbs.

, 112 lbs., 140 lbs.

, 140 lbs., 196 lbs.

, 196 lbs., 2 cwt.

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition

0 2 0 4 0 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 0 1

VII. — Rates on Vessels entering within the Shelter and Protection of the Pier and Works only.

For every vessel, per ton - - 0 2

All pleasure boats, and boats entirely open, exempt.

PENZANCE.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Penzance in the County of Cornwall.

1. The Penzance Promenade Pier Company (Limited), in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the

works

367

Llandudno.

Penzance.

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

368

Penzance.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Custom-house officers exempt from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: A promenade pier, with a landing place, commencing at a point on the quay wall on the parade, opposite to the -Queen's Hotel, in the town and chapelry or borough of Penzance, in the parish of Madron, in the county of Cornwall, and extending from that point, seawards, a distance of 1000 feet, or thereabouts, in a direction south-east by south (with lateral limits of deviation extending a distance of 10 chains on each side of the proposed pier throughout the whole length thereof); and all necessary works and conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things described in the Schedule to this Order, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Pishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty? shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

11. The

H osted by Cj O LC

1866.

369

Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16 to 19, and 21 to 23, all inclusive.

13. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

15. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which, in the judgment of the Company, might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier for recreation or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

16. This Order may be cited as The Penzance Promenade Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50

tons, per ton - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100

tons, per ton - 0 8

For every vessel of theburdenof 100 tons and under 150

tons, per ton - - - 010

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton - 1 0

All lighters for each trip, per ton - - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board

goods, each - 0 6

IT.--Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead - 0 6

Ale (bottled), per barrel - - 0 4

Ditto, per dozen bottles - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - 0 9

Anchor stock, per foot run - - 0 2

Bark, per ton - 2 0

Bedding, per bundle - 0 3

Beef or pork, per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto, per barrel ---06

Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply. Restriction on use of pier.

[Short title.]

370 Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Penzance. s j

Biscuit or bread, per cwt. - 0 3

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons - - 3 0

Bones and bone-dust, per ton - - 1 6

Bottles, per gross - - 0 9

Bricks, per 1,000 - 1 6

Butter and lard, per barrel - 0 6

Ditto, per firkin - 0 3

Cables, iron or bempen, per ton 3 0

Canvas, per bolt - - 0 1

Casks (empty) not being returned packages, per puncheon ... 0 3

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each - - 3 0

Calves, each - 1 0

Horses, each - 4 0

Pigs, each - - 0 6

Sheep, each . - - 1 0

Chalk, per ton - - 1 0

Cheese, per cwt. - 0 4

Chimney pots, each - - 0 3

Clay, per ton - 1 0

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding

cwt. - - 0 6

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each 7 0

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages,

each - 5 0

Hand-carts and perambulators, each - 1 0

Coals, per ton - - 1 0

Copper, per ton - - 3 0

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Cork, per cwt. - - 0 6

Corpses, each - - 20 0

Crystal, per box or package - 0 6

Dogs, each - - - 0 6

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Ditto (in crates), per foot - - 0 1

Eggs, per box - - - 0 3

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt - 0 3

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt. - 0 2

Flax, per ton - 2 0

Flour and meal, per sack - 0 4

Ditto, per barrel - 0 3

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -04

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic fpet - - 0 4

Glass, per large crate - - - 1 6

Ditto, per small crate or case -10

Ditto, per box - - 0 6

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

Grains and seeds, per quarter -Groceries (not enumerated) -

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

Ditto (cured), per barrel -

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each -Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather, tanned and dressed, per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -Manure (not enumerated), per ton -Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each -

Ditto, under 10 inches -

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cube foot Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt. -

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt. -

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Bags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: — Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen -Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -

371

s. d.

0 6

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 4

2 6

0 4

1 6

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 2

1 6

1 0

2 6

0 1

2 0

2 6

0 3

1 4

1 0

2 6

1 0

4 6

3 0

0 6

0 ^2

0 1

0 4

0 2

2 0

2 0

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 2

0 4

2 0

0 6

0 1

1 0

0 2

0 6

2 0

Penzance.

372

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation* 29 & 30 VICT.

Penzance. Sm d.

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead - 1 0

Ditto, ditto, per gallon - - 0 1

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet. - 1 6

Steel, per ton - 3 0

Sugar, per cwt. - - 0 3

Tallow, soap, and candles - - 0 3

Tea, per chest - - 1 0

Tiles, per 1,000 - - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - - 0 6

Turbot, per score - - 0 3

Turnips, per ton - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel - - 0 6

Turtle, each - 2 6

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - - 1 0

Water, per cask - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - -10

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles - 0 2

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of 50 feet - - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - 2 0

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - 1 6

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120 - - 3 0

Oars, per 120 - - 5 0

Spars under 22 feet in length, above 2^ and

under inches in diameter, per 120 5 0

Ditto, 2^ inches in diameter and under, per 120 4 0

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 - 9 0

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter,

per 120 - - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length,

per 120 - 2 0

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 3 0

Trenails, per 1,000 - - 2 6

Wedges, per 1,000 - 2 6

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 - 2 6

Lignum vitse, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and

rosewood, per ton - - 2 O

Wool, per cwt. - 0 4

Yarn, per cwt. - - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot - - 0 1

Heavy goods, per ton - 2 0

Pier and harbour Orders Confirmation, Cap. 58.

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights* measures* and quantities than those above specified* a portion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes* Weighing Machines *

and Sheds.

1st Rates of Craneage, s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - - 0 6

33 2 tons 33 3 tons - 0 8

33 3 tons 35 4 tons - - 0 10

35 4 tons 33 5 tons - 1 0

33 5 tons 33 6 tons - - 1 2

33 6 tons 33 7 tons - 1 4

33 7 tons 33 8 tons - - 1 6

33 8 tons 33 9 tons - 1 10

33 9 tons, 33 10 tons - - 2 4

, 10 tons - 3 6

2d Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed* for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3 d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet* or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt, which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours* the sum of 3d* and the sum of ljd per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel* or other article of passengers luggage* for each day or part of a day* per package - 0 2

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier. Water, per 1*000 gallons - -10 0

Y. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier from* or embarking from it on board of* any ship* vessel* packet* or passage boat* for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise* pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking* for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier* for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 6

Penzance.

Plymouth (Hoe).

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

s» dt

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each

time any sum not exceeding - - 0 2

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the borough of Penzance, and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - 20 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage brought on the Pier.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - 0 4

, 84 lbs. a 112 lbs. - - 0 5

, 112 lbs. 5) 140 lbs. - 0 6

, 140 lbs. 196 lbs. - - 0 7

, 196 lbs. >9 2 cwt. - - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - 0 4

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0 1

PLYMOUTH (HOE).

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Plymouth in the County of Devon.

1. The Plymouth (Hoe) Pier Company (Limited), hereafter in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order, as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans, as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, and subject also to the previous consent in writing of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Plymouth under their Common Seal, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The

1866. Piers and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier* jetty, and landing place, commencing at a point on the southern extremity of the Hoe, opposite or nearly opposite, and at a distance of* five chains or thereabouts in a southerly direction from the Trinity Obelisk, situate in the town of Plymouth, in the parish of St. Andrew, in the county of Devon, and extending thence in a southerly direction five hundred feet or thereabouts; and all proper works, sea walls, terraces, promenades, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, and things described in the Schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels or otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following Sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16 to 19 and 21 to 23, all inclusive.

13. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or unship at the pier, jetty, or landing place authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship anything which in the judg-

H /

375

Plymouth

{Hoe.)

Description of pier.

Power to make rates according to Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Restriction on use of pier.

376

Plymouth

(Hoe).

[Short title.]

Redcar.

The undertakers.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

ment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier, jetty, or landing place for recreation or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

14. This Order may be cited as The Plymouth (Hoe) Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the

Pier.

£ s. d.

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier,

for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each

time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 4

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry,

being an inhabitant of the town of Plymouth, and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding -10 0

II. — Rates on Passengers Luggage brought on the

Pier.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 0 2

For every 112 lbs. weight, or fractional part thereof,

in addition - - 0 0 3

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under 15 tons, per ton - - 0 0 4

For every vessel of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton 0 0 6

, 50 tons, 100 tons, , 0 0 8

, 100 tons, 150 tons, , 0 0 10

, 150 tons and upwards, per ton -010

For every lighter, for each trip - 0 0 2

REDCAR.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Redcar in the County of York.

1. The Redcar Pier Company (Limited), hereafter in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For

377

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time by agreement enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans for the purposes of this Order as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works, in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following;

A promenade pier, commencing at a point on the beach or sea-shore nearly opposite to and east of Moore Street in Redcar, in the parish of Marske, in the north riding of the county of York, and extending from that point into the sea, in a north-easterly direction, a distance of 1, 200 feet or thereabouts (with limits of deviation laterally between a point on the beach or sea-shore opposite to and east of King Street, and a point opposite to and east of the street leading from the beach to the railway station, and extending seawards in a north-easterly direction 1, 600 feet from the beach or sea-shore);

and a landing place and all necessary works and conveniences for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things described in the Schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders, or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier, on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by

JRedcar.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier.

Jiedcar.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Lands for extraordinary-purposes. Meters and weighers.

Parts of Harbours, &c. Act, 1847, excepted.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply. Restriction on use of pier.

[Short title.]

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

any person except the person for whom it is granted* or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision* or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket* he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings* to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours* Docks* and Piers Clauses Act* 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs* being in the execution of their duty* shall at all times have free ingress* passage* and egress to* on* along and from the pier by land* and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase* for extraordinary purposes, land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

12. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks* and Piers Clauses Act* 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order* namely, sections sixteen to nineteen and twenty-one to twenty-three* all inclusive.

13. The Company may provide such steam engines* steam vessels* tugs, piling engines, diving bells* ballast lighters* rubbish lighters* moorings* dredging machines* and other machinery, vessels* and things* as they think necessary for effectuating^any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. Part Y. of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act* 1861* shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

15. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship oi unship at the pier authorized by this Order any sheep* cattle* or merchandise* or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier for recreation* or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

16. This Order may be cited as The Redcar Pier Order* 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons* per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under

50 tons* per ton - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under

100 tons* per ton - - 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under

150 tons, per ton - 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards* per ton - -10

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 379

S. d. Redcar

All lighters* for each trip, per ton - - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board

goods, each - - 0 6

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the

Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead - - 0 6

Ale (bottled), per barrel - - 0 4

Ditto, per dozen bottles - - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - - .-09

Anchor stock, per foot run - 0 2

Bark, per ton - - 2 0

Bedding, per bundle - 0 3

Beef or pork, per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto, per barrel - 0 6

Biscuit or bread, per cwt. - - 0 3

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons - 3 0

Bones and bone dust, per ton - 1 6

Bottles, per gross - >06

Bricks, per 1,000 - 1 6

Butter and lard, per barrel - - 0 6

Ditto, per firkin - - >03

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton - - 3 0

Canvas, per bolt - 0 1

Casks (empty) not being returned packages, per puncheon - - 0 3

Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each - - 3 0

Calves, each - - 1 0

Horses, each - - - 4 0

Pigs, each - 0 6

Sheep, each - - - 1 0

Chalk, per ton - 1 0

Cheese, per cwt. - - 0 4

Chimney pots, each - 0 3

Clay, per ton - - - 1 0

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding

cwt. - - 0 6

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each - 7 6

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each 5 0

Hand-carts and perambulators, each - - 1 0

Coals, per ton - - - 1 0

Copper, per ton - - 3 0

Cordage, per cwt. - - 0 3

Cork, per cwt. - - - 0 6

Corpses, each - - 20 0

Crystal, per box or package -06

Dogs, each - 0 6

380

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. &30 VICT.

Redcar. s

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot 0 2

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot - 0 2

Ditto (in crates), per foot - 0 1

Eggs, per box - - 0 3

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. - 0 3

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 2

Flax, per ton - - 2 0

Flour and meal, per sack - - 0 4

Ditto, per barrel - 0 3

Fruit, per bushel or sieve - - 0 4

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet - 0 4

Glass, per large crate - 1 6

Ditto, per small crate or case - - 1 0

Ditto, per box - - 0 6

Grains and seeds, per quarter - - 0 6

Groceries (not enumerated) - - 0 6

Guano, per ton - - 1 6

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg - - 0 6

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. - 0 4

Hardware, per ton - 2 6

Hares and rabbits, per dozen - - 0 4

Hay, per ton - 16

Ditto, per truss - 0 2

Hemp, per ton - 2 0

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 - - 0 3

Ditto (cured), per barrel - - 0 3

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each - - 0 2

Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots; per ton - 1 6

Pig and old, per ton - - 1 0

Manufactured, per ton - 2 6

Pots, each - 0 1

Kelp, per ton - - 2 0

Lead, per ton - - 2 6

Leather, tanned and dressed, per cwt. - 0 3

Lime, per 28 bushels - - 1 4

Limestone, per ton - 1 0

Machinery, per ton - - r 2 6

Manure (not enumerated), per ton - - 1 0

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards,

each - - 46

Ditto, under 10 inches - 3 0

Meat (fresh), per cwt. - 0 6

Milk, per gallon - - 0 0

Musical instruments, per cube foot - - 0 1

Nets, per 5 cubic feet - 0 4

Oakum, per cwt. - 0 2

Oils, per tun - - 2 0

Oilcake, per ton - - 2 0

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 381

s, d JRedcar, Oranges and lemons, per box - - 0 6

Ores, per ton - 1 0

Oysters, per bushel - 0 3

Paint, per cwt, - - 0 4

Pitch and tar, per barrel - 0 6

Potatoes, per cwt. - - 0 2

Poultry and game, per dozen - - 0 4

Rags and old rope, per ton - - 2 0

Sails, per cwt. - 0 6

Salt, per cwt. - - 0 1

Sand, per ton - - - 1 0

Shrimp baskets, each - 0 2

Skins: — Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen 0 6

Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet - - 2 0

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead - 1 0

Ditto, ditto, per gallon - 0 1

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet - 1 6

Steel, per ton - -.30

Sugar, per cwt. - - - 0 3

Tallow, soap, and candles - - 0 3

Tea, per chest - - - 1 0

Tiles, per 1,000 - 1 6

Tin and zinc, per ton - 3 0

Tobacco, per cwt. - - 0 6

Turbot, per score - - 0 3

Turnips, per ton - - 0 6

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel - 0 6

Turtle, each - -26

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0 4

Vinegar, per hogshead - 0 6

Vitriol, per carboy - - - 1 0

Water, per cask - 0 3

Wine, per hogshead - - - 1 0

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles - 0 2

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated,

per load of 50 feet - - 1 6

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - - 2 0

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - - 1 6

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6

Handspikes, per 120 - - .-30

Oars, per 120- - - 50

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2\ and

under inches in diameter, per 120 - - 5 0

Ditto, 2\ inches in diameter and under, per 120 4 0

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 - 9 0

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter,

per 120 - - - 14 0

382 Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Redcar. Wood — continued. s. d.

Spokes of wheels* not exceeding 2 feet in length *

per 120 - 2 0

Ditto* exceeding 2 feet in length* per 120 3 0

Trenails* per 1,000 - 2 6

Wedges* per 1*000 - - 2 6

Pipe staves* and others in proportion* per 120 2 6

Lignum vitae* fustic* logwood* mahogany* and

rosewood* per ton - 2 0

Wool* per cwt - 0 4

Yarn* per cwt. - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot - -01

Heavy goods* per ton - 2 0

In charging the rates on goods* the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken*; and for any less weights, measures* and quantities than those above specified* a portion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes* Weighing Machines* and Sheds.

1st. Rates of Craneage. s. <L

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 6

99 2 ton3 99 3 tons - 0 8

99 3 tons 99 4 tons - 0 10

99 4 tons 99 5 tons - 1 2

99 5 tons 99 6 tons - 1 0

99 6 tons 99 7 tons - 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons - 1 6

99 8 tons 99 9 tons - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons - - 2 4

* 10 tons - 3 6

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet* or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt.* which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which, such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau* trunk, parcel* or other article of passengers luggage* for each day or part of a day* per package - 0 2

1866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58. 383

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier. Redcar.

5. e?.

Water, per 1,000 gallons - - 10 0

V — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the

Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 6

For every person using the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each

time any sum not exceeding - - 0 2

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of Marske, and using the pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 20 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage landed or shipped

at the Pier.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lb3. - - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0 4

, 84 lbs., 112 lbs. - 0 5

, 112 lbs. 140 lbs. - 0 6

, 140 lbs., 196 lbs. - - 0 7

, 196 lbs., 2 cwt. - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - - 0 4

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0 1

S C ARB OR OUGrH. Scarborough,

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York.

1. The Scarborough Promenade Pier Company (Limited), Undertakers in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers specified# of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, Power to take the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on lands

or take and use all or any part of the lands shown on the S men plans deposited for the purposes of this Order, as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so Incorporation much thereof as relates to the purchase or taking of lands ci^es Act

otherwise 1845. 9

384

Scarborough.

Additional

lands.

Po^er to make works.

Description of works.

Power to deviate.

Power to take rates.

Cattle, &c. not to be brought on pier.

Pass tickets.

Cap. 58. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company may purchase by agreement any lands and other property which they deem necessary for the purposes of their undertaking, not exceeding in the whole two acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations (if any) in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may on the lands purchased or taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels shown on the deposited plans and sections, make, execute, and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order are the following:

A pier and jetty or landing place commencing at a point on the north shore above high-water mark, opposite or nearly opposite to the north end of Blenheim Terrace, at or near the east side of a certain parcel of land belonging to George Fenwick Brown and George Porrett, all situate in the township, parish, and borough of Scarborough, in the north riding of the county of York, and extending seaward one thousand feet or thereabouts;

with all proper works, sea-walls, promenades, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith.

7. In constructing the works authorized by this Order the Company may deviate from the lines thereof laid down on the deposited plans to any extent within the limits of deviation shown on those plans.

8. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, animals, and things in the Schedule to this Order described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

9. No person shall be entitled to bring on the pier, or embark or disembark thereat, any cattle, sheep, animals, fish, merchandise, matters, or things other than those described in the Schedule to this Order.

10. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others, pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such period, not exceeding one year, as are agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any such person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours,

Docks,

]866. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation. Cap. 58.

Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

11. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coast of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

12. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress into, along, through, and out of the pier, and the use thereof with their vessels and boats, without payment.

13. The Company may erect on the pier or promenade tollhouses, waiting, refreshment, and other rooms, and demise the same either wholly or in part for any term or terms of years.

14. The Company may lay down tramways on the pier and promenade, and run carriages thereon for hire.

15. The provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to life boats, and with respect to keeping a tide and weather gauge, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

16. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Scarborough, acting by the Council of the same borough, may by order under their corporate seal, and with the consent of the Board of Trade, vary or extinguish any regulation, right, or privilege now existing as to the use or enjoyment by any person or persons of so much of the soil and foreshore between low-water mark and the first line of columns or piles as may be occupied by the said pier or promenade and works.

17. This Order maybe cited as The Scarborough Promenade Pier Order, 1866.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Order refers.

1. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier or Jetty.

£ s. d.

For every passenger or other person landing on the pier or jetty from, or embarking from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every person using the pier or jetty for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 2

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier or

jetty, for each time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier or jetty,

for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 4

385

Scarborough.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Officers of Customs.

Toll-houses, & c.

T ramways.

Parts of Harbours, &e. Clauses Act, 1847, not incorporated.

Foreshore

rights.

[Short title.]

386

Scarborough.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 75.

9 G. 4. c. 38.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 127.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 95.

6 & 7 W.4. c. 80.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 57.

Cap. 58, 59. Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation, 29 & 30 VICT *

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Scarborough, and using the pier or jetty for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - 1 0 0

2. — Rates on Passengers Luggage shipped or landed at the Pier.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, ex-exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs *, not exceeding - - 0 0 2

And for every 112 lbs. weight or fractional part

thereof, in addition, not exceeding - - 0 0 3

3. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier or Jetty. For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton 0 0 4

the^S j" t°ns an imer^ tons, per ton 0 0 6

, 50 tons, 100 tons, 0 0 8

, 100 tons, 150 tons, 0 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton - -010

For every lighter, for each trip - 0 0 2

4. — Rates eor laying Water Mains.

For water supplied from mains on pier, per ton - 0 0 6

CAP. LIX.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth c Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the c Fourth, Chapter Seventy-five:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Second and c Third Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, c Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Third and c Fourth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, Chapter c Ninety-five:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth and c Seventh Years of His said Majesty, Chapter Eighty:

And whereas another Act was passed in the First and s Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter ' Fifty-seven:

(And

1866. Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh and c Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy- nine:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh and

Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixteenth and (Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth and c Twenty-first Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-

six:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth ' and Twenty-seventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter

One hundred and one:

And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional Persons to put in execution the several Acts for granting an Aid to

Her Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty Rates

and Taxes: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several and respective Persons herein-after named shall and may and are hereby empowered and authorized (being duly qualified) to put in execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, and Places in England and Wales herein-after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth; (that is to say,)

For the County of Bedford.

Sir John Montagu Burgoyne Bart

For the County of Berks.

Thomas Sargent Esquire, Inland Revenue, Somerset House, London, John Humphrey Fuller Esquire, Aston Tirrold, William Wright Esquire, Cholsey, Edward Halifax Hansell Clerk, East Ilsley, Albert Williams Chieveley, Edmund Price Clerk, Farnborough, William Brown Compton, the Reverend William Richard James Dickson Lambourne Woodlands, the Reverend Frederick Menzies Shefford, near Lambourne, James Ellison, J ohn William Caley, John Seeker, William Weaver Berridge, John Yyse Cooper, James Griffin, George Weller, Henry Frowd.

For the County of Cambridge.

Frederick Nash Fordham Royston, Edward King Fordham Ashwell, Herbert Fordham Odsey, John Hampden Fordham

387

7 & 8 Vict. c. 79.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 62.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 111.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 46.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 101.

Appointment of additional Commissioners.

388

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Melbourn Bury, James Lilley Royston, John Williamson Leader Buntingford, John Morslock Melbourn, John Phillips junior, Royston, Joseph Edward John Phillips Royston, John Phillips Nunn Royston, Henry Thumall Royston, Octavius Wedd Foulmere, William Fuller Nash Woodham Shepretk, Thomas Aveling Elm, Joseph Hurton Barker Newton, Christopher Beakley Thorney, James Blunt London Street, Whittlesea, J ohn Blunt Inhams End, Whittlesea, William Bowker Whittlesea, Robert Charles Catling Elm, William Climenson Welney, Thomas Dearlove Leverington, Frederick Fawssett senior, Wisbech, Alexander Goodman Thorney, Emanuel Greeves Tid Saint Giles, Daniel Ground Eldernell, Whittlesea, Edward Hugh Jackson Wisbech, the Reverend Frederic Jackson Parson-drove, Richard Kilham senior, Wisbech Saint Mary, William Cutlack Little Elm, Herbert J ohn Little Wisbech Saint Mary, Zachariah Livett Whittlesea, David Martin Wisbech Saint Mary, John Maxwell Thorney, Charles Metcalfe Wisbech, Bryan William Morris Thorney, William Newsham Willoch, Wisbech Saint Mary, John Peck Parsondrove, Jonathan Peckover Wisbech, Lancelot Heed junior, Elm, Henry Sharpe Leverington, Richard Joseph Tindall Tid Saint Giles, Samuel West Upwell, William West Newton, Stephen West Newton, John Wool Upwell, Richard Young Wisbech.

For the County of Chester.

William Barnett Macclesfield, Thomas Antrobus Bollington, George Weston Upton near Macclesfield, George Godwin Macclesfield, George Wilkinson Upton near Macclesfield, William Adshead Macclesfield, Charles Brocklehurst Hurdsfield, Richard Wright Macclesfield, James Swinnerton Macclesfield, George Robert Oldham, Sutton near Macclesfield, Robert Simpson Nether Alderley, Albert Greg Bollington, George Swindells Bollington, Richard Simpson Chorley, Richardson Andrew Prestbury, Samuel Robinson Fuhhaw, Robert Lonsdale Macclesfield.

For the County of Cornwall.

William Brown Callington, Surgeon, Francis Yansittart Thornton the Rectory at South Hill, Clerk, Charles Bissett Fenwick the Rectory at Pillaton, Clerk, John Hawker Menheniot, John Sobey Menheniot, George Raby Menheniot, John Raby Menheniot, George Rowe Menheniot, Augustus Bazeley Lis-heard, Paul Bush Clerk, Duloe, Peter Clymo Liskeard, Francis Edward Baston Cole Clerk, Pelynt, Flavel Smith Cook Clerk, Liskeard, John Eliott Liskeard, Francis Paul James Hendy Clerk, Saint Neot, George Hill Clerk, Saint Winnow, Francis John Hext Kendall Clerk, Talland, James Kendall Clerk, Ianteglos-by-Fowey, John Maynard Liskeard, Philip Melvill Saint Winnow, Nicholas Michell Saint Neot, George Richards, Serpell Duloe, John Carswell Serpell Talland, Robert Taylor Liskeard, John Vivian Vivian Clerk, Cardynham, Alfred Wilson Mills Vicar of Saint Erth, Willoughby John Trevelyan

Esquire,

1866.

389

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Esquire, Perranuthnoe, the Reverend John Francis Kitson Antony in the East, the Reverend William E. Vigor Botus-Jleming, the Reverend Henry Carew Glanville Sheviock, the Reverend Edward Polwhele St. Stephen's by Saltash, John Edwards Esquire, Trematon Hall, St. Stephen's by Saltash, Robert William Peard Kerswill Esquire, St. Germans, John Taylor Gorle Pong hill, William Sloggat Hawker Esquire, Boscastle.

For the County of Cumberland.

Thomas Charles Thompson Esquire, Milton Hall, William Carrick junior, Esquire, Tarn Lodge, George Africanus Thompson Esquire, Farlam Hall, Reverend Malise Graham Arthuret, Thomas Gibbons Esquire, Burnfoot, Christopher Taylor Esquire, Lowhouers.

For the County of Derby.

Thomas Carrington Chesterfield, Charles Stanhope Burke Busby Chesterfield, Joseph Shipton Chesterfield, Robert Waller Chesterfield, John Hopkinson Chesterfield, James Ball White Chesterfield, Mansfeldt Forster Mills Duckmanton Lodge, Alfred Sorby the Rookery, Ashford, John Fessick Lucas Middleton by Youlgreave, Reverend Stephen Ray Eddy Buston, John Wright Eyam Hall, Thomas Gregory Orr Great Long stone, Edward Smithers Little Long stone, Thomas Swann Hargate Wall, Wormhill, Thomas Rhodes Merseybank, Hadfield, Francis Nicholas Smith Chaddesden Moor, Thomas Keelinge Bateman Morley, Henry Boden Ednaston, Walter Boden Ednaston, John Huish Heanor Hall, John Brentnall Woolley Kilborne, Charles Oldacre Hodges Spondon, Henry James Breton Wood, Wirks-'worth, Charles Richard Levett Barton Fields, the Honourable Arthur Strutt Dujfield, John Hemsley Melbourne, Richard Sale Barrow, Richard Sale the younger, Normanton, Reverend John Wadham Weston-on-Trent, Reverend Benjamin W. Spils-bury Findern, Robert Hankinson Cox Mill Hill, Derby, Francis Mosley Spilsbury Willington, Reverend James Holden Aston, Reverend Joseph Edwards Barrow, John Beard Linton, Edmund Sharpe Sivadlincote, Henry Wardle Stapenhill, William Henry Worthington Winshill, Richard Ratcliff Walton-on-Trent, Thomas Boden Forman Derby, Robert Pegg Derby, Frederick Longdon Derby, Thomas Roe senior, Derby, Thomas Clarke Derby, James Holling worth Derby, Charles H. Turner Derby, John Jobson Derby, Henry Darby Derby, George W. Darby Derby, William Jeffrey Etches Derby, Robert Curzon Derby, William Curzon Derby, Honourable William Jervis Derby, John Tempest Morley Littleover, Richard Bott Godfrey Meynell Langley, Reverend German Buckstone Sutton, Rowland Cotton Etwall, Andrew Corbet Ashborne, Reverend J. R. Errington Ashborne, John Harrison the younger, Snelston, William Fitz-herbert Tissington, Colonel Wilkie Bradborne, Sir Matthew Blakiston Bart., Sandybrook, William Webster Belper, Edward Wass Lea, James Charles Arkwright Cromford, Robert Chad-

Kk 3 wick

390

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

wick Matlock, Eobert Keith Pringle Darley Dale, Henry Walthall Walthall Alton Manor, Reverend Thomas Vernon Mellor Ideridgehay, Reverend Herbert Harris Wirksworth, Reverend Henry Middleton Codnor, James Crossley Ripley, Mathew Hobson Ilkeston, Reverend William Eoby Burgin Shardlow, the Reverend Edmund May Pamvich.

For the County of Devon.

Thomas Maitland Snow St. Thomas, William Harding St. Leonard, William Wills Hooper Northbroohe, the Reverend Henry Palk Shillingford, Edmund Pitman Heavitree, Thomas Edward Drake Exeter, William Unwin Hayne House, Tiverton, Esquire, Edward Hallam Tiverton, Esquire, William Partridge Tiverton, Gentleman, John Breen Tucker Tiverton and Willand, Gentleman, John Lane Tiverton, Gentleman, the Reverend John Huy she Clisthydon, Clerk, George Marker Marker of Grantlands, Uffculm, Esquire, John Cave New Uffculm, Esquire, William Henry Besley Dunmore House, Bradninch, Esquire, Octavius Phillpotts Compton Gifford, Esquire, Charles Cobley Whiteford Thornhill, Compton Gifford, Esquire, Doctor Shortland Compton Gifford, Edward B. Mills Mannamead in Compton Gifford, Esquire, Reverend Peter Holmes Mannamead in Compton Gifford, D.D., Major Mc-Keller R.M., Compton Gifford, Captain May R.N., Compton Gifford, Walter H. Molesworth Compton Gifford, Esquire, Captain J. W. Preedy R.N., Compton Gifford, William East-lake Mannamead, Compton Gifford, Esquire, William Chapell Hodge Weston Peverell Esquire, Chapell William Hodge Weston Peverell, Esquire, Reverend Charles John Padley Weston Peverell, Clerk, Eobert Eimclle Weston Peverell, Esquire, James John Elliott Egg Buckland, Esquire, Reverend C. E.

Turner Clerk, Vicar of Egg Buckland, ---- Hawker Rock,

Egg Buckland, Esquire, Reverend B. W. S. Vallack Clerk, Vicar of St Budeaux, John Cornelis Thierens East Stonehouse, Esquire, Henry Bacon East Stonehouse, Captain R.N, Reverend Eichard Dunning Albemarle Villas, Stoke Darner el, Clerk, Reginald Gill Beamount House, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Allan Belfield Bone Belmont House, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, John Walker Thring Mount Edgcumbe Terrace, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Reverend James Metcalfe Clerk, Mount Edgcumbe Terrace, Stoke Damerel, Reverend George Edmund Carwithen Home Park Cottage, Stoke Damerel, Clerk, Josias Hayne Dawe Molesworth Terrace, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Reverend Orlando Manley Morice Square, Stoke Damerel, Clerk, Edward St. Aubyn junior, Nelson Villa, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Colonel Grant Osborne Villas, Stoke Damerel, Timothy Carew Osborne Villas, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, General Ord Penlee Villas, Stoke Damerel, John Grant Park Place, Stoke Damerel, Captain R.N, James Glencross Park Place, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, William Edye Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Admiral Keith Stewart Saint MichaeVs Terrace, Stoke Damerel, Pentyre A.

C^r\r\n\o Morshead

1866.

391

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Morshead Captain R.N., Wingfield Villas Stoke Damerel ', Thomas Hillersden Bulteel of Wingfield Villas, Stoke Damerel, Esquire ', Admiral Arthur Lowe Wingfield Villas, Stoke Damerel, "William Pleaclwell Molesworth Terrace, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Charles Frederick Priddle Albemarle Villas, Stoke Damerel, Esquire, Samuel Huxham Totness, Merchant, John Bag will Plumer Allerton, Dartington, John Webber Chaster Totness, George Presswell Totness, Solicitor, James Dymond Moysey Venton, Dartington, Augustus Woodley Didworihy, South Brent, Captain R.N., William Smith Dartmouth, Solicitor, Percy Hockin Dartmouth, Solicitor, William Renclle Beer Kingsbridge, Merchant, John Miles Stanborough House, Hal-well, Thomas Harris Pitts South Allington, Chivelstone, Francis Strath Cornish Kingsbridge, George Bidder Dartmouth, William Bastard Coltscombe, Slapton, Ernest Joseph Oldham of Strata-bridge in the Parish of Hatherleigh, Esquire, Elias Tremlett Ward Crediton, Esquire, Walter Paul Ipplepen, William Strode Hewlett Ipplepen, Henry Carew Hunt Stoke Gabriel, Henry Tozer Ashburton, Fortescue Arthur Wonton, South Brent, Esquire, Reverend Harry Tudor Wolborough, Robert Wills Stokeinteignhead, Esquire, Reverend Christopher Wolston Tor-brian, Hercules Brown Kingskersnele, Reverend Bourehier William Wray Coombeinteignhead, Walter Carew Haccombe Esquire, Richard John Laity, Robert Mather Watson, John William Walters Ryder, William Nosworthy of Forder, Manaton, Esquire, Reverend Francis Ley Bazeley Bideford, Reverend Herbert Barnes Alwington, John Richard Pine Coffin Esquire, Ahvington, Captain William Montague Dowell R.N., Bideford, Lieutenant-General William Nelson Hutchinson Northam, James Peard Ley Esquire, Bideford, John Saltren Willett junior, Esquire, Monkleigh, the Reverend James Mayne of Romansleigh, Clerk, John Tanner Davy of Rose Ash, Esquire.

County of Dorset.

Henry John James Cockeram Tryermayne near Dorchester, Esquire, the Reverend Edmund Ward Pears Dorchester, Clerk, Thomas Cox Esquire, Thomas Slade Esquire, Poole, David Slade Esquire, David Durell Esquire, John Barnes Durell Esquire, Alfred Balston Esquire, Edward Bellamy Kit son Beaminster, William Henry Wheaton Toby Beaminster.

For the County of Durham.

John Allan Eliot Cottage, Robert Anthony Burnell, John Henry Forster, Francis Greenwell, Henry Green well, Thomas Greenwell, William Greenwell Clerk, Edgar John Maynell, Henry Richard Ridley Clerk, John Shields, George Francis White, all of Durham, George Wilkinson Osivald Houses, Samuel Alcock Sunderland, William Briggs Sunderland, Thomas Edward Chapman Sunderland, John Crozier Sunderland, Albany William Featherstonhaugh Sunderland, Richard Henry Hay Sunderland, Thomas Hunter Sunderland,

Ralph

392

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Ralph Milbank Hudson Sunderland, Jolin Kayll Sunderland, James Laing Sunderland, Anthony John Moore Sunderland, Thomas Bell Ord Sunderland, Thomas Reed Sunderland, James Septimus Robinson Sunderland, John Scott Sunderland, Thomas Boyes Simey Sunderland, Robert Smart Sunderland, William Snowball Sunderland, Samuel Tyzack Sunderland, Joseph Norman Wilson Sunderland, Ambrose Bamlett Heighington, David Bruce Merrington, Richard Bowser Bishop Auckland, Frederick Brown Barnard Castle, Edward Cheese Haughton le Skerne, John Curry Wolsingham, South, Michael Darling Coatham Mundeville, C. Henry Ford Bishopton, John Foster Helm Park, William Foggitt Darlington, John Remington Fothergill Darlington, William Forster Harewood Hill, John Geldart Gainford, James Green Stanhope Forest, Henry George Hardy Bgers Green, Arthur W. Headlam Whorlton, Robert Headlam Winstone, Henry Charles Hardinge Coatham Mundeville, John Hett Gainford, Valentine Hutchinson Bishop Auckland, George Hodgson Bishop Auckland, Edmund Healey Bishop Auckland, John Dickinson Holmes Barnard Castle, William Johnson Bishop Auckland, John Kirsopp Wolsingham, John Lamb Barnard Castle, Thomas McLachlan Headlam Hall, John Marley Thornfield, David Nesham Haugliton le Skerne, Samuel Rowlandson Newton Morrell, Thompson Richardson Barnard Castle, William Stowell the younger. Favor dale, John Robinson Stowell Favor dale, Horatio Spurrier Shildon, Archer Upton Coundon, George Watson Etherley, George Thomas Willett West Auckland, C. L. Wood HowlisJi Hall, George Hutton Wilkinson Pollards Land, Richard Dan* vers Ward Bishop Auckland, John Wood Stamoix, William Watson Barnard Castle, William Rain Atkinson Barton, Joseph Boyer Barton, Edward Thomas Pease Darlington, Joseph Thompson Satley, William Dale Trotter Bishop Auckland.

For the Town of Colchester.

Philip Oxenden Papillon, John Fitzsimmons Bishop, Francis Philip Francis, William Waylen, George Jennings, William Kington, Henry Lewis.

For the Rest of the County of Essex.

Edward Ind Romford, Esquire, Charles Peter Matthews Romford, Esquire, William Thomson Great Ilford, Esquire, Thomas Single Woodford, Esquire, Edward North Buxton Woodford, Esquire, Barclay Reynolds Woodford, Esquire, Smith Harrison Woodford, Esquire, Henry Fowler Woodford, Esquire, William Mashiter Romford, Esquire.

For the County of Gloucester.

Honourable Edward Lennox Dutton Sherborne, Northleach, Reverend Charles Henry Lowry Nortldeach, Reverend Richard Rice Hampnett, Northleach, the Reverend Frederick Wood

C" r\r\n\o Newent

1866.

393

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Newent!, the Reverend Reginald Pindar Hill Bromsherrow, Charles Bernard Atherton Esquire, Taynton, the Reverend Thomas Palling Little Oxenhall, Andrew George Onslow Esquire, Newent, John Thaekwell junior, Esquire, Dymoclt, William Arthur Onslow Esquire, Newent, Guy Hill Esquire, Dymock.

For the Town of Huntingdon.

Francis Cooper Armstrong, Arthur Ashton, Bateman Brown, William Bale Cawley, William Foreman, John Hearn, James Henderson, Robert Hutchinson, John Ingram, John Jenkins, Charles Berkeley Margetts, Arthur Wellington Marshall, Charles Marshall, John Oldman, Charles Piper, Thomas Barrance Ridgley, John George Rust, Reverend Francis Gerald Yesey.

For the Rest of the County of Huntingdon.

Reverend John Rumpf Bluntisham, William Mason Somers-ham, Reverend Richard Sinclair Brook D.D., Witton, John Warner Saint Ives, William Wigstone Warner Saint Ives, John Julian Bury, George Ekins Warhoys, Henry Goodman Saint Ives, George William Brown Houghton, John Longland Warhoys, the Reverend Henry John Wale Norman Cross, Edward Augustus Skrimshire Esquire, Stanground, the Reverend Thomas Hutton Stilton.

For the Town and Liberty of Dover.

Sir Luke Smithett, Joseph George Churchward, John George Smith, Edward Rutley Mowll, Frederick Samuel Pierce, Charles Spice, William Henry Cotterell, John Cornelius Thorpe, John Clark, William Bags, John Johnson, Edward James Tapley, Percy Simpson Court, Thomas Norwood, John Barber Thornton senior, John Farrar Crookes, Alexander Bottle, Stephen Chambers Tucker, Stephen Manser Pain, William Crundall, William Rigden Mummery, Henry Iggulden, Edward J Pryor, Henry Peake, William Wrightson, John Ellis Webb, Christopher Wood, Edward Pilcher Coleman, William Coleman junior, Edward Wollaston Knocker, Edward Part Robinson, Alfred William Ayers, William Polling Mummery, James Evenden, Alfred Leney, George Sydney Page, John Barber Thornton junior.

For the Town of Folkestone.

Silvester Eastes Esquire, J.P., William Bateman Esquire, J.P., John Kingsnorth Esquire, J.P., Angus Mack ay Leith Esquire, J.P, Charles Doridant Esquire, the Reverend Matthew Woodward, the Reverend George Saunders El win, the Reverend William Powell, the Reverend Charles Taylor, the Reverend Charles Parsons, Charles Egerton Fitzgerald Esquire, M.D., Henry Lewis Esquire, M.D., Hunt Jeffery Esquire, Robert Lemon Bowles Esquire, Joseph Hunt Brooke Esquire.

i For

394

Cap. 59.

Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

For the Town and Liberty of Sandwich.

Thomas Spencer Boyes Esquire, Captain Henry Harvey R.N., Captain Frederick Bing Montresor R.N., Henry Page Esquire, Captain William Boys.

For the Rest of the County of Kent.

John Henry Adams Greenwich, Henry Couchman Lee, John Pound Lee, Samuel Herman De Zoete Lee, William Spencer Shove Lewisham, Richard Andrew Marsden Lewisham, William George Dawson of Plumstead.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster.

John Farnworth Liverpool, Samuel Greg Rathbone Liverpool, Joseph Hubback Liverpool, John Owens Johnson Liverpool, John Woodruff Liverpool, Henry Threlfall Wilson Liverpool, Joseph Gibbons Livingston Liverpool, Edward Lawrence Liverpool, Alfred Castellam Liverpool, Robert Gladstone Liverpool, Thomas Earle Liverpool, Thomas Mills Liverpool, John George Woodhouse Liverpool, Horace Turner Liverpool, Gilbert McMicking Liverpool, Alexander Shand Liverpool, John Higson Liverpool, George Alexander Mackenzie Liverpool, George Swainson Liverpool, Arthur Thompson Liverpool, William Bowker (Mayor of Manchester) Old Trafford, Wright Turner (Mayor of Salford) Pendleton, John Allen ICng Street, Man-, Chester, John Appleby Pendleton, William Booth Holly Bank, Stretford Old Road, Henry Blacklock Didsbury, Thomas Davies Salford, Samuel Dewhurst Pendleton, James Fallows Rusholme, Edward Hardcastle Manchester, Henry Houldsworth Manchester, Edward Jackson Manchester, James Frederick Jackson Manchester, Peter Roth well Jackson Salford, Alfred Lowe Manchester, Henry Marriott Whalley Range, George Milnes Manchester, Edward Marriott Prestioich, William Morris Salford, John Napier Plymouth Grove, Henry Nixon Old Tr afford, Thomas Henry Neville Didsbury, Henry Mere Ormerod Manchester, Charles Ogden Manchester, Henry Davies Pochin Broughton, John Porteus Manchester, Edward Preston Rose Hill, Eccles, Charles Henry Preston Gilda Brook, Eccles, John Parlane Fallowfield, Thomas Doughty Pritchard Lawnfield, Eccles, Joseph Rice Cheetham Hill, Charles Frederick Smith Manchester, Charles Samuels Rusholme, John Edward Taylor Manchester, Samuel Taylor Urmston, Robert Udall Rusholme, Thomas Vickers, Newton Heath, Thomas Harrison Maghull, Robert Mawdsley Maghull, John Peter Duff Aughton, George Cook Aughton, Gilbert Harrison Southport, Edward Lawton Southport, Richard Ainscough Burscough, Arthur Brierley Rochdale, George Taylor Chadwick Rochdale, Henry Haigh Manchester Road, Rochdale, Abram Crompton\High Crompton, Robert Jewison Bridge End, Rochdale, John Henry Kirtley Penterfield, Clement Robert Nuttall Royds Rochdale, Edmund Albert Nuttall Royds Rochdale, Clement Mollineux Royds

t Rochdale,

1866.

395

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Rochdale, William Herbert Royds Rochdale, Samuel Stott* Clover Cottage, Rochdale, Joseph Wood junior, Manchester Road, Rochdale, John George Blackburne Dryclough, Thomas Evans Lees Hathershaw, Edward Brown Lees Clarkesfield, Joseph Crompton Lees Clarkesfield, John Rowland junior* Thorncliffe, Richard Shiers junior, Dirtcar, James Henry Ashworth Green Bank, Rawtenstall, John Barnes Reedley Grove, Burnley, Thomas Edward Every Clayton Carr Hall, Burnley* Adam Dugdale Rose Hill' Burnley, James Dugdale the younger. Lower House, Burnley, William Dugdale Simon-stone, Padiham, William Farrer Ecroyd Spring Cottage, Marsden, Nicholas England Southfield, Mar sden, Charles Hamilton Fenton Hollins, Burnley, Thomas Holgate* Manchester Road, Burnley, John Massey Hawkes House, Burnley, Henry Moore Loiver Hood House, Burnley, Henry Roberts South Parade, Burnley, William Roberts Thorneyholme, Burnley, Richard Shaw Holme Lodge, Burnley, Ughtred Kay Shuttleworth Gawthorpe Hall, Padiham, Adam Dugdale* Griffin Lodge, Blackburn, Thomas Dugdale the younger, Mill Hill, Blackburn, William Leyland Feilden Feniscoides Hall, Blackburn, John Hargreaves the younger. Broad Oak, Accrington, William Harrison Galli-greaves, Blackburn, William Henry Hornby the younger, Blackburn, Thomas Lund Woodfold Park, Blackburn, William Bradley Parkinson Blackburn, James Barlow Stewardson Sturdy Blackburn, Charles Jame3 Byrnand Trappes Clitheroe, John Mitchell Clitheroe, William Wilkinson Clitheroe, Thomas Bulcock Clitheroe, William Redmayne Clitheroe, Thomas Garnett Clitheroe, John Pownall Ormskirk, Charles Hill Ormskirk* Charles Price Symonds Ormskirk, William Henry Smith Ormskirk, Edward Sudbury Ormskirk, Robert Craven -South-port, Nathan Slater Southport, Samuel Boothroyd Southport, Edward Lawton Southport, Edward John Longton M.D., Southport, William Marsh Southport, Luke Smith Birkdale, James Haslam Birkdale, Reverend Benjamin Swift Birkdale, Thomas Grassyard Edmondson Esquire, Caton, near Lancaster, Thomas Fenwick Fenwick Esquire, Burrow Hall, Thomas Barton Esquire, Lancaster, the Reverend George Quirk Clerk, Over Kellet, near Lancaster, James Williamson Esquire, Lancaster, Thomas Storey Esquire, Lancaster.

For the County of Leicester.

Sir Archdale Robert Palmer Baronet, Wanlip Hall, William David Jourdain Esquire, Kegworth, George William Johnson Esquire, Burleigh, Loughborough, Captain Frederick Henry Walsh Staunton Harrold, the Reverend William Beresford Beaumont Coleorton Rectory, George John Moore Esquire, Appleby Hall, Oscar Leslie Stephen Esquire, Bardon Park* Charles Brooks Esquire, Enderby Hall, J. T. Fairfax Scott Esquire, Mountsorrel* Thomas Hen ton Simpkin Esquire, Hoby, William Beardsley Esquire, Glenn House3 Richard Lewis De Capel Brook Esquire, Market Harborough* Frank Sutton

Esquire *

396

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Esquire, Carlton Hall, James Baillie Esquire, Ilston House, Viscount Ingestre Gumley Hall, William Simpkin Esquire, Hallaton, the Reverend John C. Davenport Skeffngton, the Reverend Edward W. Woodcock Beeby Rectory, Eowland Hunt Esquire, Kibworth Hall, the Reverend Frederick Sutton Thed-dingworth, Thomas Ward Esquire, Melton Moicbray, Stephen Miller Esquire, Guadaloupe near Melton Mowbray, the Reverend John Fitzrichard Hinde Vicar of Little Dolby, Edward Barnard Esquire, the Grove, Somerby, the Reverend Henry Brandt Rector of Burrough-on-the-Hill, the Reverend Nathan Hub-bersty Eastwell Hall, Edward Doubleday Esquire, M.D., Long Clawson, Major Thomas William Clagett Stapleford Park, William Coleman, Esquire, Long Clawson, David New Esquire, Nether Broughton, Edward Moody Burbridge Esquire, Thorpe Arnold, George Killich Esquire, Kirby Bellars, the Reverend Robert Wynn Vicar of Scalford, William Inett Esquire, Asfordby, Edward Bright Esquire, Bescaby, the Reverend William Lyme Fowke Vicar of Barkstone, the Reverend George Searl Ebsworth Vicar of Croxton Kerrial, the Reverend Manners Octavius Norman Rector of Harby, John Green Esquire, Knipton, Francis Vincent Esquire, Bottesford, the Reverend John Healy Rector of Redmile, George Gorden Esquire, Muston, Philip Peter Perring Goodchild Esquire, The Grange, Glen Parva, near Leicester, the Honourable Frederick James Tolle-mache, the Honourable Henry Coventry, Henry Lowther, Henry Forester, the Reverend William M Colles, William Cox Manners Buckminster, Robert Russell, William Higgs, Thomas Pickworth, Frederick Bryan, John Alleyne Middleton Loughborough, William Worthington Briscoe, Thomas Westland Rowland Normanton, the Reverend John Noble Nether Broughton, William Latham Melton Mowbray, Reverend Henry Duke Harington Knossington, William Spencer Sapcote, Reverend Henry O'Neill Queensborough, John Alleyne Bosworth Humberstone, Reverend Edward Gillson Mount Sorrell, Reverend Henry John Shackleton Rotliby, Reverend Edmund Davys Leicester, Marcus Huish Castle Donington, Reverend James Edward Dalton Seagrave, Reverend Robert Martin Anstey Pasturis, Frederick Penn Newcome Long Clawston, William Nall Kegworth, Jonathan Wood Aston Flamville, Henry Loader Ensor Woodville, James Richards, Ragdale, George Cowdell Neale Skeffington, the Reverend Thomas Stackhouse Carlyon Glenfield, Benjamin Adcock Syston, William Barratt Wymondham, James Parke Sikes Tilton, John Greazley.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City #/* Lincoln.

James George Watts (Clerk), Fulletby, Bennett Rothes Langton Langton by Spilsby, William Jollands Gilliafc Ashby Puerorum, Robert Spiking Betts Ashby Puerorum, William Wordsworth Talfourd (Clerk), Winceby, Evan York Nepean (Clerk), Bucknall, George Babb [Clerk), Asterby, John Wadham

Floyer

1866.

397

Land Tax Commisdoners Names. Cap. 59.

Floyer Martin, Francis Otter Ranby, William Chatterton Steniyot, John Thomas Stafford Hotchkin Woodhall, Charles Frederick Rogers Bay lay (Clerk), Kirkby Bain, Robert Fawssett Ward (Clerk), Coningsby, Joseph Eperingliam Hurdman Mareham on the Hill, Mark Gavfit (Clerk), Coning sby, John Everington Ashby, William Emerson Chapman Zaw

Tointon, the Reverend John Doughty Grenside Donington, the Reverend Joseph Holmes Swine she ad, the Reverend Joseph Heath New Bolingbroke, Captain Richard George Calthrop Gosberton, William Gee Esquire, Boston, William Welsh Esquire, Leake, Joseph Ilurton Barker Esquire, Holbeach, Samuel Bonsor Barnoldby-le-Beck, Reverend John Bennett Walcot, Reverend Thomas Todd Newton, Reverend Thomas Molyneux Jackson Osburnby, Reverend John Tillard Bonner Dembleby, John Henry Casswell Laughton, William Munton Laurance JDunsby, Joseph Pare Baker Morton, William Cragg Threekingham, William Everington Skegness, John Ashlin Fir sby, John West Walker M, B., Spilsby, Marshall Heanley Croft, Harwood Mackinder Langton Grange, West John Rainey Spilsby, James Tillard Bonner Demblely, John Burton Boultham, Robert Eden George Cole Doddington, John Walter Dudding Howell, Gordon Deedes Culverthorpe, John Dudding Waslingborough, R. G. Ellison Boultham, Charles Garth Fullerton Boothby Groffoe, George E. Jarvis Doddington, Edward Kefford Lutt Harneston, Henry Earle Tweede Coleby, Thomas Todd Newton, William Spranged White Potterhamioorth, Henry Hawkes, Michael Yarrard, Charles Dickinson Jennings, Jacob Kelk, Isaac Teesdale the younger, George Robinson, all of Spalding, Thomas John Clark, William Gedney Weston, the Reverend John Fairfax Francklin, Thomas Ashby Whaplode, Becuda Cowley, James Measure King Moulton, Valentine Ingram Allen Surfleet, Richard Kilham Tydd Saint Mary, William Ashley of the City of Uncoln, Wine Merchant, George Maples Fox of the City of Lincoln, Ironmonger, John Foster of the City of Lincoln, Builder, Richard Hall of the City of Lincoln, Auctioneer, John Hall of the City of Uncoln, Tailor, Henry Joseph Key worth of the City of Lincoln, John Norton the younger, of the City of Uncoln, Draper, the Reverend Thomas Sherlock Nelson of the City of Lincoln, Clerk, Joseph Ruston of the City of Lincoln, Engineer, John Smith of the City of Lincoln, Grocer, Richard Waddington of the City of Lincoln, Ironmonger, Cuthbert Wilks of the City of IAncoln, Chemist, the Reverend Christopher Robert Andrews Hough-on-the-Hill, the Reverend Charles Knowles Wintringham, the Reverend Edward Frederick St. Leger Scotton, Matthew Maw the younger, Cleatham, John William Pash ley Morton, Edward Peacock Bottesford Manor, the Reverend George Edward Smith Owston, Henry Johnson Esquire, Stamford, Henry Michelson Esquire, Stamford, Moses Galloway Browne Esquire, Stamford, Edward Robbs Esquire, M.D., Stamford, Fortescue John [iVo. 34. Price 2dd\ L 1 Morgan

398

Cap. :59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Morgan Esquire, Stamford, Charles Phillips Esquire, Stamford, John Wintringham Great Grimsby.

For the City ^London.

Jeremiah Colman, George Harker, Mellor Hetherington, William Lawley, Edmund Waller, George Walter, Benjamin Bower (Deputy), John Tomkin Young, Henry Gibson, Edward Pickering, Charles Gammon (Deputy), Edmund Burke, Cres-cens Robinson, Hamilton Field, Charles M. Major, Charles Sully, Thomas Webber, William Herrett, Andrew Bowring, George Virtue (Deputy), John Kelday, Joseph Perkins (Deputy), William Hunter, Thomas Cattley, John Lavicount Anderdon, William Jenkinson, George Broom, William Bagshaw, George Batty, Charles Bischoff, James John Noyes, Frederick Jones, Jame3 Edward Shearman, Lawrence Redhead, William James Thompson, Richard Heatley, Thomas Turnbull, Thomas Bennett, Soloman Peile, James Hunt, John Day, Hilary Nicholas Nissen, Thomas Sidney Smith, John Young (junior), Thomas Bennett Humphreys, John Malcolm (Deputy), Henry Hodsell Heath, John Stephen Banning, John Northway, Edwin Smith, Charles Heginbotham, Gordan Wyatt Clark, John Williams Watson, Charles Pugh, John Mouat, David Henry, John King, Frederick Richard Frinneby, Edwin Mappin, John King Farlow, Charles Valentine Game, William Hawtrey (Deputy), Nicholas Maughan, Frederick Maynard, Robert Stapleton.

For the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof, and Offices executed in Westminster Hall.

Samuel Harvey Twining No. 215, Strand, Thomas Stilwell No. 22, Arundel Street, Strand, George Parker Tuxford No. 246, Strand, John Prout No. 229, Strand, Nicholas McCann Esquire, M.D., Thomas Goode South Audley Street, William Leuchars Esquire, Piccadilly, Arthur Thomas Miller Esquire, Piccadilly, Frederick Wyndham Payne Esquire, St. Jamess Street, Charles Bentley Bingley Esquire, Regent Street, Edward Brydges Hardisty Esquire, Great Marlborough Street, Arthur Cobbett Esquire, Pall Mall, William Hearn Ridgway Esquire, Piccadilly, Charles Frederick Greenhill Esquire, Bury Street, George Taverner Miller Esquire, of 59, Portland Place.

For the Rest of the County of Middlesex.

Blomfield Burnell, John Garford junior, James Smart, Nathaniel Hardingham, William French, Nathaniel James Powell, Thomas Venables, Charles Venables, Christopher Hill, George Scammell, Henry Woolven, Alexander Thomas Laport, Henry White, John Outhwaite, Andrew Wilson, Thomas Bradshaw, Thomas Mosdell Smith Vimiera House, Hammersmith, Henry Joseph Smith 30, Argyll Road, Kensington, Samuel Harvey Twining No. 2i5, Strand, Thomas Stilwell

No.

1866.

399

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

No. 22, Arundel Street, Strand, George Parker Tuxford iVb. 24£, Strand, John Prout No. 229, Strand, William Nathan Esquire, Irwin Edward Bainbridge Cox, William Edward Johnson, John Humphreys the younger, the Manor House, Wesibourne Green, Paddington, Robert Webb East India Road, Poplar, Henry Grisell Wharf Road, City Road, Frederick James Gant Grenville Street, Brunswick Square, James

Edmunds Spital Square, ---- Faith Park House, Mile End

Road, John Wirrett 6, Clapton Villas, Clapton, Thomas Beath Christie Hackney, Robert King Champion Place, Upper Clapton, Leonard Carter Warwick Terrace, North, Upper Clapton,

John Kelday Upper Clapton, ---- Merry Lower Terrace,

Upper Clapton, John Gay Finsbury Place, Richard Brushfield Spitalfields, Caesar Alexander Long Shoreditch, John Harris Heal 169, Tottenham Court Road, James Hodge 445, 446, and 447, Drury Lane, and Ivy House, Highgate, John Hodge 57, Russell Squai'e, and 445, 446, and 447, Drury Lane, Thomas Henry Scarborough 5, Bloomsbury Square, Robert Stedall, Broad Street, Bloomsbury, and The Priory, Highgate, Nathaniel Hardingham 3, Paradise Row, Bethnal Green, N.E., Robert Barnes Harefield Grove, Esquire, Henry William Woodbridge Uxbridge, Barrister-at-Law, Frederick John Rutter Hillingdon,

Esquire, Richard Hall Hillingdon, Esquire, Joseph Fisher Hillingdon, Esquire, George Edwards 3, Canterbury Villas, Maida Hill, Charles Frederick Wallis 4, Springfield Road, Hampstead, Henry Cornick Heath Street, Hampstead, Arthur Elley Finch 46, Haverstock Hill, Edward Robert Butler Cromwell Hall, Finchley, John Savage 54, Thornhill Square, Islington, William Nathaniel Wortley Highgate, Middlesex, William Webb 4, York Place, Albion Road, Stoke Newington, Henry Witten 5, Alwyne Road, Canonbury, Robert Sinclair 9, St Mary Road, Islington, Marmaduke Levitt 47, Park Road, Upper Holloway, Leopold Keller Hornsey, Arthur Waller 4 4, Aberdeen Park, Highbury, Percy Arden Sunbury, Douglas Arden Sunbury, Robert Freeman 43, Upper Phillimore Place, George Farmiloq junior, 448, Saint John Street, West Smithfield, Arthur Walter 44, Aberdeen Park, Highbury, Richard Moreland junior, 5, Old Street, Saint Luke's, Edward Complin 24, Charterhouse Square, William Walton Williams Highbury New Park, Thomas Hall Upper Holloway, Benjamin Ambler 6, Oxford Terrace, Upper Holloway, Edward John Thompson 2, Myddelton Square, Clerkenwell, Frederick Shadbolt Hornsey Lane, Charles Edward Elston 24, Myddelton Street, Clerkenwell, Henry Hayne 5, Highbury Crescent, Islington, John Kilpatrick 2, Northampton Square, Clerkenwell, William Leavers 403, City Road, Islington, Sir George Samuel Abercromby Baronet, Portman Square, Charles Baddeley Regent Street, Frederick Beasley Upper Hamilton Terrace, James Renhain Wigmore Street, John Benham Wigmore Street, William Lionel Bird Castle Street East, John Bloomer Upper Gloucester Place, Matthias Boyce Greville Road, George Brown Newman Street,

400

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Thomas Buckmaster Nottingham Place, James Champion Hare-looood Square, William Gadsby Davies Wigmore Street, Frederick Debenham Wigmore Street, Charles Duncum Wigmore Street, John Fielder Filmer Berners Street, William Foster Wigmore Street, Henry Gotto Oxford Sti'eet, Caleb Hall Bryanston Street, George Hanbury Portman Square, John Harman Portman Square, Frederick Headland M.D., Margaret Street, Thomas Henry Ince Oxford Street, John Robert Kenyon Lower Berkeley Street, Henry Smith Lawford Manchester Square, Reverend Henry Thomas Lumsden Lower Berkeley Street, James Marshall junior, Vere Street, Thomas Marshall Vere Street, William Page Thomas Phillips Gloucester Place, George Arthur Poland Oxford Street, George Valentine Rathbone Wigmore Street, Robert Reid Mansfield Street, Alexander Nisbet Shaw York Place, John Snelgrove Hamilton Terrace, Captain James H. Storey Bryanston Square, Henry Taylor Vere Street, Thomas Taylor Vere Street, William George Taylor Baker Street, William Frederick Tee van Port-man Squai'e, Henry Thompson Wimp ole Street, Captain Samuel John Unwin Harewood Square, David Webster Norfolk Road\

For the County of Monmouth.

Reverend Bury Capel Vicar of Abergavenny, Richard Carlisle Llanvapley Court, Esquire, John Theophilus Wilson New Court, Esquire, James Humphrey Llamvenarth House, Esquire, John Logan Esquire, Christchurch, Edward James Phillips Esquire, Christchurch, John Cross Esquire, Christchurch.

For the Borough of King's Lynn.

Alexander Bowker, James Bowker, Yvrilliam Clifton the younger, Henry Houghton Cook, William Cooper, Edwin Elmer Durrant, John Vincent Hawkins M.D., William Watson Jeffery, Thomas Marsters Kendall, Frederick Kendle, John Lowe M.D., Thomas Batman Marriott, Henry Bradfield Plow-right, John Pole, George Bacon Sweeting, John Goddard Wiggj George William Wood.

For the Rest of the County of Norfolk.

Samuel Dalton West Bilney, James Elsden Everard Cong-ham, James Mason Hillington, Somerville Arthur Gurney Middleton, Thomas Everard Hutton Middleton, Lewis Whincop Jarvis Middleton, Edward Brett East Winch, Gerard Barton Fundenhall in the District of Depioade, the Reverend Charles Neville R. Custance Marsham, William Watts Wickes Aylsham, Robert Ives Calthorpe, William Devas Everington Dillington, near East Dereham, William Foster Hardingham, John Cann Wymondham, Edmund Larke Wymondham, Alfred Muskett Hingham, Charles Crawshay Hingham, John Oddin Taylor Hardingham, John Oddin Howard Taylor Hardingham, the Reverend William Dack Daniel Wymondham.

For

1866.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Cap. 59.

401

For the County of Northampton.

John Wood Sharman Wellingborough, Adam Corrie Keep Wollaston, the Reverend Charles Heycock Pytchley, Clerk, the Reverend George Edmond Maunsell Thorpe Malsor, Clerk.

For the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

Benjamin Plummer, James Morrison, John Burnup the younger, George Angus, Silas Angus, Clement Lister, James Gilpin, Cuthbert Burnup, Nathaniel Hardcastle, John George Abbot, Charles Frederic Hamond, Henry Yipond Wilson, William J. Hutchinson.

For the County of Northumberland.

Henry Christian Allliusen Elsioick Hall, William Edward Barnett Benwell, Thomas Bates Heddon, Edward Beck Prestwick Lodge, William Bourne North Shields, John Byrom Bramwell North Shields, Jacob Burnett Tynemouth, Thomas Play ton Burnett Elswick Lane, John Burrell Ravensworth Terrace, William Charlton Causey House, William Chartres Fenham Place, James Coxon Longbenton, John Dryden Camp Terrace, George Dunn Bath House, John Fawcus Lovaine Terrace, John William Fenwick Northumberland Square, William Grace Scotsiooood, William Harle Carlton Place, Dennis Plill Washington Terrace, Thomas Hodgkin Elswick Lane, George Jobling Tynemouth, Solomon Mease Cleveland House, Samuel Neville North Elswick, Andrew Noble Heaton, John William Pease Benwell, Edward Potter Tynemouth, Christian John Reed North Elswick, Robert Robey Redmayne Victoria Terrace, George William Rendal Benwell, Joseph Robinson Northumberland Square, William Shields North Elswick, Edward Shotton Northumberland Square, John Sowerby Benwell, William Snowball Gosforth, Alexander Shannen Stevenson Tynemouth, John Forster Spence Chirton Cottage, Emanuel Young Camp Terrace, William Smith Melkington, George Hogg Kyloe.

For the County of Nottingham.

William Hodgkinson Allison Bilby, Reverend Charles Dale Butterfield West Retford, Charles Sherard Burnaby East Retford, Joseph Collingham Welhcim, Joseph Denman Bever-cotes, Thomas William Denman East Retford, Josh. Garside Worksop, Reverend John Meredith Lewes Mattersey, William Peck Bothamsall, John Thomas Rose East Markham, John Smith Barnby Moor, Reverend John Twells Gamston Rectory, the Honourable and Reverend Percival George Willoughby Saundby, Joseph White Babworth, Samuel Morley of Lenton Grove, Esquire, Grosvenor Hodgkinson Esquire, M.P., James Clark, George Harvey, John Thomas Becher Pratt, William Edward Tallerts, John Wilson.

402

Cap. 59.

Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Lor the Borough of Banbury.

The Reverend J. A. Gould B o dicote, C. J. Brickwell Esquire, Overthorpe, John Davis Esquire, Bloxham, Henry Ward Esquire, Banbury, the Reverend R. R. Stephens Adderbury, the Reverend E. Payne Sivalcliffe.

For the University of Oxford.

The Registrar and the Keeper of the Archives for the Time being.

For the Rest of the County of Oxford.

Nicholas Caesar Corselles Esquire, Bensington, Alfred de Mornay Esquire, Cold Harbour, Crowmarsh, Edward Bennett, William Potts, John Golby Rusher, Thomas Hunt, Joseph Jarvis, Henry Ward, Benjamin Gardner, Jonathan Gillett, Shearman Chesterman, Arthur Brisley Rye, Henry Stone, Thomas Draper, Robert Stanton Wise, Timothy Rhodes Cobb, John Hadland, William Strange, John Phillips Barford, AJfred Gillett, Charles Gillett, William Thomas Douglas, Henry Walford, Richard Edmunds junior, William Edmunds, Henry Cowper, Joseph Malsbury, John Gazey, William Wemvs Methvin Dewar Esquire, Middleton Stoney, the Reverend James Charles Blomfield Launton, the Reverend Charles Montague Style Bicester House, William Douglas Cole Esquire, Bicester.

For the County of Salop.

Reverend David Mountfield Newport, Robert George Higgins Esquire, Newport, Thomas Derington Esquire, Chetwynd End, near Newport, William Gibson Esquire, Park House, near Newport, Thomas Harper Adams Esquire, Edgmond House, Edgmond, near Newport, John Blakemore Esquire, Edgmond, near Newport, the Reverend Francis Henry Wolryche Whitmore Dudmaston Hall, near Bridgenorth, Clerk, the Reverend Edward George Childe Kinlet Vicarage, Clerk, the Reverend Samuel Woodward Hopton Wafers, Clerk, Charles Wicksted Shaken-hurst, near Bewdley, Esquire, William Layton Lowndes Linley Hall, Linley, Esquire.

For the City of Bath.

Benjamin Bartrum Newland House, Charlcombe, also of the City.

For the Borough of Bridgwater.

William Holland Bridgwater, Merchant, George Wilson Bridgwater, Merchant, Alfred Garratt Barham Bridgwater, Merchant, Alfred Garrett Barham, Follett Charles Hennet, Arthur George Pain, William Pine, Cuthbert Ritson, Joseph Richard Smith, Richard Bealy Smith.

For the Rest of the County of Somerset.

Reverend George Sweet Broadleigh, Sampford Arundel, Reverend George Knowling Vicarage, Wellington, Reverend

Thomas

1866.

403

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Thomas Charles Tanner Vicarage, Burlescombe, Octavius Gardner Walter Ford House, Wellington, Esquire, Charles James Elworthy Wellington, Esquire, Edward Miller Wellington, Bank Manager, Benjamin Bartrum of Newland House, Charlcombe, also of the City of Bath, John Llewellin Clerk, Wiveliscombe, Benjamin Boucher Wiveliscombe, James Edward Knollys Fitz-hecid, Alfred ^Garrett Barham Bridgwater, Follett Charles Hen-net Bridgwater, William George Galloway Spaxton, Arthur George Pain Bridgwater, William Pine Bridgwater, Cuthbert Ritson Bridgwater, Joseph Richard Smith Bridgwater, Richard Bealy Smith Bridgwater, James Trevor Nether Stoioey, William Withy combe Charlinch, William Dickinson Kingweston, near Somerton, Esquire, William "Neal Kingsdon, near Somerton, Esquire, Samuel Hobbs Burnham, Esquire, Walker Meade King Taunton, Banker, Samuel Farrant Taunton, Surgeon, Samuel Knight Pollard Taunton, Architect.

For the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

Arthur Andrews Esquire, Thomas Bowman Esquire, George Simon Brinton Esquire, Henry Philip Buchan Esquire, William Chaplin Esquire, William Cooper Esquire, John Henry Cooksey Esquire, Joseph Clarke Esquire, William Erasmus Darwin Esquire, John Watkins Drew Esquire, Samuel Michael Emanuel Esquire, George Foster Esquire, Robert Ohatfield Hankinson Esquire, George Lungley Esquire, James Edward Lefeuvre Esquire, Frederick George Lomer Esquire, Robert Parker Esquire, Henry Stanley Robert Pearce Esquire, Thomas Pibble Payne Esquire, Alfred Pegler Esquire, Frederick Perkins Esquire, Richard Hopkins Perkins Esquire, John Ransom Esquire, William Brodribb Randall Esquire, Thomas Summers Esquire, Joseph Rankin Stebbing Esquire, S. W. L. Stretton Colonel, William Sharland Esquire, Samuel Tryon Major General, William Vincent Esquire, William Colson Westlake Esquire.

For the County of Southampton and Isle of Wight.

William Philip Snell.

For the City and County of the City of Lichfield.

Arthur Hinckley Stowe Hill, Esquire, Robert Thomas Kennedy Levett- Packington, Esquire.

For the Rest of the County of Stafford

William Adams Tunstall, Henry Alcock Cobridge, Burslem, John Alcock Porthill, Wolstanton, Taylor Ashworth Hanley, Sims Bull Bur stem. Stone, Sampson Bridgwood junior, Longton, William Bates Tunstall, Robert Heath junior, Biddulph, John Boulton Hanley, Thomas Peake junior, Tunstall, Enoch Wedgwood Tunstall, Clement Wedgwood Etruria, the Reverend

Alfred

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Alfred Francis Boucher Cheddleton, William Beaumont Badnall Leek, John Brough Leek, Charles Carr Henry Carr

Leek, John Challenor Blackwood, Leek, George Davenport XeeA, George Hammersley Leek, John Bussell junior, Leek, Thomas Wardle Leek Brook, Leek.

For the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds.

Horace Barker, Frank Robert Chapman Clei'k, Thomas White Cooper, Charles Johnson Gedge, John iWycliffe Goodwin M.D., John McGregor, John Richardson Clerk.

For the Rest of the County of Suffolk.

Reverend Alexander Ronald Grant The Rectory, Hit chain, near Bildeston, Reverend Charles Betham The Rectory, Brettenham, near Bildeston, Reverend Thomas Barber The Rectory, Elmsett, near Ipswich, the Reverend John Dawson Hull Wickhambrook Rectory, the Reverend George Francis Turner Rede Rectory, Frederic Darby Robinson Ashman's Hall, Bar sham, Henry Read (the present Mayor) Esquire, Blyburgate Street, Beccles, William Lenny North Gate Street, Beccles, John King Garrod The Grove, Ingate Street, Beccles, William Henry Garrod North Gate Street, Beccles.

For the County of Surrey.

John Curling Esquire, Frederick Gould Esquire, John Marshall Paine Sages Court, Chertsey, Reverend John Jennings Tioynersli, Chertsey, David Innis Road Fan Court, Chertsey, Reverend Newton John Spicer Rectory, By fleet, Benjamin Lewis Ongar Hill House, Chertsey, Frank Lewis Dowling Ongar Hill Cottage, Chertsey, John Charles Blackett Thorpe Lea, Chertsey, Major Augustus Howell Shepherd EastivortJi, Chertsey, John Docwra Dickinson Esquire, Farncombe Place, Godalming, William James Lees Esquire, Nethemvood, Godalming, Reverend William Duncan Long Vicar of Godalming, John Charles Francis Ramsden Esquire, Busbridge Hall, Godalming, Thomas Jenkyns Heathcote Boxhill Farm, Dorking, Richard Attlee Rose Hill, Dorking, Henry Lee Steere Ockley, John Morland, William Goodson, George Chasemore, George Appleton, Joseph M. Eastty, Thomas Leedham Robinson, William Browne (Brick-wood House), Thomas Farley, Alfred Crowley, Thomas White Davies, James Laming, George Friend Whiteley, William James Maxwell, Philip Hanbury, Frederick Alers Hankey Esquire, Silverlands, Chertsey, Jonah Cressingham, Hedworth David Barclay Esquire, John Churchill Esquire, Henry Knight Esquire, William Leaf Esquire, Owen Lewis Esquire, Charles Barrett Lennard Esquire, John Andrew Lyon Esquire, Washington Lyon Esquire, Daniel Sturdy Esquire, Timothy Sarr Esquire, Seymour Teulon Esquire, Benjamin Thorn Esquire, Alfred James Waterlow Esquire, John Freetham Esquire,

George

1866. Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59. 405

George Brooksbank Bermondsey, Benjamin Gay Wilkinson Bermondsey, Thomas William Ellston Bermondsey, George Matthews Bermondsey, Enoch Clarke Cambenvell, Thomas Suffield Bermondsey, William Senhouse Gaitskell Streatham,

Henry H. Fawcett Streatham, Peter B. Cow Streatham, John Barton Streatham, George Francis Trollope Streatham, Francis Fuller Streatham, William Carpmael Streatham, Henry Newsome Goodhart Tootiny.

For the Town and Port of Hastings.

William Pain Beecham, John Wyatt Barnard, Alfred Burton,

Robert Deudney, William John Gant, George Gipps, Robert Douglas Hale, Anthony Harvey, Colonel Edward William Harcourt, Jame3 George Langham, Frederick Molyneux Montgomerie, Sir Woodbine Parish, Robert Ransom, Colonel William Shakespere, Francis William Staines, Eli West Stubbs,

Edward Sutton, Joshua Walker, Henry Earley Wyatt, Horatio Nelson Williams, William Blackman Young.

For the Town of Winchelsea.

Samuel Griffiths Winchelsea, Robert Buchanan Dunlop Winchelsea, Walter Fuller Winchelsea, John Turley Winchelsea,

George Jenner Winchelsea.

For the Rest of the County of Sussex.

Reverend Francis R. Hepburne Challey. Reverend William Powell Newick, Thomas St. Leger Blaauw Neioick, George Grantham Bar combe, Charles Ellis Streat, James Dumbrell JDitchliny, William Fames St. Michael, Leioes, the Reverend William Henry Meade Buck, James Holland, Buckmaster Joseph Tuck and Thomas Vincent, all of the Town and Port of Seaford, Reverend John Rouse Bloxam Upper Beeding, D.D.,

Reverend John Moreland Rice Bramber, Clerk, Reverend Hugh Ingram Steyning, Clerk, Robert Bethume Ingram Steyning,

Major in Her Majesty's Army, John Ingram Steyning, Eardley Nicholas Hall Henfield, Banker, Reverend Divie Robertson Heiifield, Clerk, Reverend John Ballard Washington, Clerk,

Robert Kenward Icklesham, James Weston Icklesham, John Simmons Icklesham, James Smith Icklesham, George Jenner Icklesham, Edmund Andrew Sadler Bepton, Mullens Dennett Lodsworth, Captain Henry King R.N., Chithurst, Anthony Salvin Fernhurst, the Reverend William Henry Parson Linch-mere, Herbert George Yatman North Amber sham, Nathaniel Weekes Midhurst, Augustus Thorne Battle, Very Reverend Edward Neville Crake Battle, Reverend Charles William Cass Battle, William Edward Moncton AYatts Battle, James Laurence Battle, Samuel Carter Battle, Julian Arthur Worge Battle,

Reverend W. Hedley Beckley, Reverend Charles Parker Bodiam,

Reverend Thomas Henry Papillon Crowhurst, Reverend Ralph R. Tatham Dallington, Henry Burra East Guldeford, John

Launchton

406

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Launchton Maclean Etchingham, Humphrey Conwell Barton Etching ham, Reverend Robert Gilbe Barton Etchingham, Henry Edward Samuel Rudyerd Etching ham, Reverend G. Bodier Ewhurst, Reverend Henry Stunt Fairlight, Bridger Stent Fair-light, Lawrence Ashburnham Guestling, Cromer Ashburnham Guestling, Reverend Edward Newson Blomfield Guestling, James Weston Guestling, Reverend William Jackson Heathfield, Reverend Rose Fuller Whistler Hollington, Edward Haberson Hollington, David Stone Hollington, Edward Farncomb Hollington, Samuel Pix Iden, Charles Harris M.D., Northiam, John Frewen Northiam, James Selmes Northiam, George D. Bishopp Northiam, Reverend George Rainer Ninfield, Thomas Sampson Ninfield, Henry Early Wyatt Ore, Reverend W. Richard Ick Peasmarsh, Henry Crockford Peasmarsh, Laurence Reeve Peasmarsh, Reverend Frederic Young Pett, Hugh Johnston Salehurst, Reverend Alexander Orr Salehurst, Reverend George Luxford Salehurst, Reverend John Alton Hatchard Saint Leonards, Reverend Edward Owen Sedlescomb, Richard Frederick Pratt Sedlescomb, Reverend G. E. Haviland Warble -ton, Charles Marion Welstead Whatlingion, Robert Bayley Follett Westfield, Brent Spencer Follett Westfield, William Leigh Smith Westfield, John Curling 8, King's Bench Walk, Temple.

For the County of Warwick.

Arthur Starlin Exliall, John Neale Exhall, John Smith Neale Exhall, George Isaac Starlin Exltall, Swain Wilson Exhall, Richard Masser Longford, Joseph Moggs Keresley, James Sibley Whittem Wyken Colliery, Joseph Calloway Foleshill, George Earle Stoke, John Gulson Coventry, Richard Caldicott the younger, Coventry, Charles James Bill Coventry, William Carter Coventry, George Newark Coventry, John Cash Coventry, William Stevens Coventry, Eusebius Holmes Crutchlow Coventry, John Ward Coventry, William Henry Marston Coventry, William Slingsby Coventry, Richard Kevitt Rotherham Coventry, John Rotherham the younger, Coventry, Henry Soden Coventry, John Sutton Coventry, Edward Mattocks Coventry, William Pitman Collingbourne Coventry, Thomas Smith Coventry, Joseph Russell Coventry, Joseph Anstey Coventry, John Anstey Coventry, Robert Arnold Dalton Coventry, Thomas Berry Coventry, John Hill Coventry, Thomas William Crofts Coventry, Alexander Rotherham Coventry, Charles Bray Coventry, John Pratt Coventry, John Pratt the younger, Coventry, Henry Scampton Coventry, Robert Harvey Minster Coventry, Benjamin Hickling Coventry, Andrew Hughes Coventry, Joseph Caldicott Coventry, John Astley Coventry, Edward Lynes M.D., Coventry, Ignatius Denis McVeagh M.D., Coventry, Samuel Hitehins Coventry, William Henry Heginbottom Coventry, Henry Ingles Davis Coventry, the Reverend William Heygate Benn Churchover near Rugby, the Reverend David Wauchope Church Lawford near Rugby, George

Charles

407

-Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Charles Benn Esquire, Rugby, Henry Brierly Esquire, King's Newnham near Rugby, William Henry Worth Townsend Esquire, King's Newnham near Rugby, the Reverend Degge Wilmot Sitwell Leamington Hastings near Rugby, John Charles Buelmill M.D., Hillmorton Hall near Rugby, James Smith Barnwell Esquire, Belton near Rugby, Lieutenant-Colonel William Henry Kickards Rugby, William Pearson Esquire, North Kilworth House near Rugby, the Reverend Edward C. Topham Ladbrook near Rugby, Thomas Phillips of Edgbaston, Edwin Gwyther of Edgbaston, Henry Rotton of Moseley, Samuel De la Grange Williams the younger, of Birmingham.

For the County of Westmoreland,

George Braithwaite Crewclson The Wood, Windermere, Thomas Ullock Quarry How, Windermere, the Reverend Thomas Staniforth Storrs Hall, Windermere, Clerk, George Pritt the Helm, Windermere, Esquire, John Jowitt Wilson Underfell, Kendal, Esquire, William Whitwell Tolson Hall, Kendal, Roger Moser Blindbech House, Kendal, James Thompson Netherfield, Kendal, Edward Branthwaite Kendal, Edward Crewclson Kendal, Banker, William Wakefield Kendal, Banker.

For the County of Wilts.

John Stephen Banning Ogbourne St. George, Alfred Batson Ramsbury, Reverend Alfred George Bleeck Preshute, George Bracher Overton, Thomas Brown Lower Upham, Stephen Butler Stitchcomb, Thomas Chandler Aldbourn, Henry Puck-ridge Dixon Marlborough, Thomas Appleford Gale Ogbourne St. George, James Sheward Gwillim Marlborough, Bartholomew Horsell Winterbourn Bassett, James Blake Maurice M.D., Marlborough, Edward Baverstock Merriman Marlborough, Robert William Merriman Marlborough, Thomas [Large Pin-niger Beckhampton, Richard Edmonds Price Marlborough, John Webb Rowland Oxford, Samuel Hale Smith Broad Hinton, Robert Pinchney Tanner Ogbourne Maizey, Reverend Edward Blackburn Warren Marlborough, William Oldham Whitley near Melksham, Esquire, Abraham Laverton Esquire, Westbury House, Westbury, Reverend Henry Pountney Ches-shire Clerk, Stratton St Margaret, George De Windt Esquire, Blunsdon St. Andrew, Reverend Henry Rudge Hayward Clerk, Liddiard Millicent, William Farrow Lawrence Esquire, High-worth, John Merwin Prower junior, Esquire, Purton, Reverend John Henry Warneford Clerk, Warneford Place, Sevenhampton, Reverend Thomas Stanton Kinwardstone, Reverend John Worthington Kinwardstone, Reverend Charles Summer Burder Kinwardstone.

For the County of Worcester.

George Baldwin Wilden Hartlebury, Thomas Joseph Baldwin Stourport, William Hawkes Ryland Bewdley, Joseph Rogers

Areley

408

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT.

Areley House, Areley Kings, George GWynne Brown Stour-port, Henry Haines of Pool House, Astley, Francis Daniel Zachary of Areley Hall, Esquire, Henry Brown of Eatham Rectory, Clerk, William Bufford Laver Sapey Rectory, Clerk, John Higginbottom Pensax Court, Esquire, John Lewis Moilliet of Abberley Rectory, Clerk.

For the East Riding of the County of York.

The Honourable Digby Wentworth Bayard Willoughby Bird sail House, Malton, Sir Darcy Widdrington Legard Ganton, York, Baronet, Henry Hird Forster Norton Grove, Malton, Esquire, William Preston Burythorpe House, Malton, Esquire, Matthew Chitty Downes St. Quintin Scampston Hall, Malton, Esquire, James Tindall Knapton Hall, Malton, Esquire, Edward Tindall Knapton Hall, Malton, Esquire, the Venerable Charles Maitland Long Settrington, Malton, Clerk, the Reverend William Frederick Douglas Scrayingham, York, Clerk, the Reverend Bobert Hale Thorpebassett, Malton, Clerk, the Reverend Bobert Bitching Westoio, Malton, Clerk, Hugh Bobinson Norcliffe Langton Hall, Malton, Esquire, John William Bivis Newstead House, Norton, Esquire, the Reverend Henry John Walker Burythorpe, Malton, Clerk, the Reverend Cyril William Wood Atioick near Hull, William Wright Esquire, Sigglesthorne near Hull, John Hall Esquire, Walkington near Beverley, Henry Barkworth Esquire, Tranby near Hull, Francis Hoare Esquire, of the Borough of Kingston-up on' Hull, John Barkworth Esquire, Willerby near Hull, William Key Esquire, Water Fulford Hall, William Hotham Esquire, Fulford House, Captain John Sutton, Yarburgh George Lloyd Seicerby-cum-Marton, Marmaduke Prickett Bridlington, Richard Dickson Preston Barrister- at-Law, Bridlington.

For the North Riding of the County of York.

The Reverend Canon William Hey of Clifton, William Clough of Clifton House, Esquire, Henry Stafford Thompson of St. Leonard's Place, Esquire, William Jameson Bag dale, Whitby, Bobert Barry Park Hill, Fylingdales, Henry Simpson Meadow-field House, Whitby, Joseph Barker Richardson Sneaton, Thomas Percival Union Place, Whitby, Thomas Peirson Aislaby near Whitby, Thomas Bag nail junior, Airy Hill, Whitby, Thomas Staunton Starkey Hutton Lodge, Malton, Esquire, the Reverend Samuel Wimbush Terrington, York, Clerk, the Reverend George Augustus Smith The Elms, Malton, and Vicar of AuttorCs Ambo, Clerk, James Smith Barton Cottage, Malton, Esquire, John Hawksworth Legard Easthorpe Park, Malton, Esquire, William Charles Copperthwaite The Lodge, Malton, Esquire, John Kitching Pickering, Bobert Parkinson Pickering, William Watson Pickering, John Watson junior, Pickering, Thomas Mitchelson Kendall, Pickering, James Lesley Sinnington, William Dennis Parkinson Pickering, Frank Parkinson Picker-

ing.

409

1866. Land Tax Commissioners Names, Cap. 59.

ing, Edward John Jackson Wrelton, Joshua Priestman Thornton, Thomas Harrison junior, Great Bar ugh, Robert Harding Harding Marishes, John Bainbridge Booth Esquire, Killerby, Catterick, William Charge Booth Esquire, Oram, Catterick, Reverend John Daunce y Anderson Thornton, Watiass, Digby Cayley Esquire, Brompton, Henry Thomas Laye Esquire, Scarborough, William Taylor Esquire, Scarborough, Thomas Joseph Candler Esquire, West Ayton, Sherburn, Thomas Keld Beswick Esquire, Gristhorpe, Alfred Henry Darley Esquire, Scarborough, John Kelk M.D., Scarborough, William Bean Fowler Esquire, Scarborough, Henry Fowler Esquire, Scarborough, Robert Champley Esquire, Scarborough, William Holden Esquire, Scarborough, the Reverend James Alexander Birch Middleham Rectory, near Bedale, Francis Chapman Esquire, Thornton Rust, near Bedale, Claveaux Darley Chaytor Esquire, Spennithorne Hall, near Bedale, John Clarkson Esquire, The Chantry, West Witton, near Bedale, Robert Lodge Esquire, Bishopdale, near Bedale, Christopher Other Esquire, junior, Elrn House, Redmire, near Bedale, Thomas William Other Esquire, Elm House, Redmire, near Bedale, the Honourable and Reverend Thomas Orde Powlett Wensley Rectory, near Bedale, Lieutenant-Colonel Sir William Topham Caldbergh, Coverdale, near Bedale, Oswald Routh Whaley Esquire, Halves, near Bedale, the Reverend John Winn Askrigg, near Bedale.

For the West Riding of the County of York.

George Greenwood Tetley Esquire, Ma.nningham, Bradford, Charles Semon Esquire, Manningham, Bradford, George Turner the younger, Esquire, Legrams, Horton, Bradford, John Light Esquire, Horton, Bradford, Marmaduke William Whitaker Esquire, Thomas Barker Spring Bank, Harrowgate, Esquire, the Reverend Robert Elmhirst Knaresbrough, Clerk, Edward Earnshaw Knaresbrough, Esquire, Joseph Holt Wedderburne House, Harrowgate, Esquire, William Whincup Haya Park, Knaresbrough, Esquire, William Driffield the younger, Knaresbrough, Esquire, Edward Barnes Thorpe Green Hall, Esquire, William H. Gaunt Thornville Royal, Esquire, Thomas Lock-wood Harrowgate, Esquire, Thomas Moss Horsfall Buxton Cottage, Rawden, Jeremiah Raw son Raivden, Edwin Anderton New Laith's Hall, Leeds, Godfrey Rhodes Rawdon Hill, Otley, Henry Woffindin Newton Grove, Corn Merchant, John Dearman Birchall Gledhow, Cloth Merchant, William Christy Horsfall Low Hall, Horsforth, Francis Howard Taylor Barnsley, John Cordeux Barnsley, Richard Inns Barnsley, Thomas Dymond Brierley, Herbert Hodgetts Taylor Dodworth Hall, William Hop wood Barnsley, Henry Briggs Brampton, William James Dandison Barnsley, George Harrison Barnsley, John Kaye Clayton West, Charles Newman Barnsley, Edward Lancaster Barnsley, Robert Stockil Doncaster, Jonathan Barnard Shear-down Doncaster, Henry Moore Doncaster, William Cotterell Clark Doncaster, Henry Jubb Moor gate, Rotherham, Robert M m Storr

Cap. 59. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 Vict.

Storr Best Esquire, Moorfields, Goole, John Humble Rockett Esquire, Goole, John Birkbeck junior, Anley, near Settle, Esquire, Lorenzo Christie Langcliffe Place, near Settle, Esquire, Robert Hattersley Ellis Esquire, Dewsbury, Jonathan Haigh Heaton Lodge, near Dewsbury, Esquire, Samuel Whitham Esquire, Stanley Hall, Wakefield, Reverend Robert Hicks Clerk, Smeaton, Reverend Thomas Phipps Amiens Champney Clerk, Badsworth, George W. Carter Esquire, Lime Grove, Knottingley.

For the County of Anglesea.

Henry Vvitohaxdjunior, Esquire, Trescawen, Reverend Arthur Ellis Llangwyllog, Clerk, Reverend R. H. Williams LAandrygarn, Clerk, H. B. Mitchell Esquire, Llysdidas, Reverend J. B. Goodman Jones Llangristiolus, Clerk, Reverend T. J. Williams Llanfaethlu, Clerk, Reverend James Hughes Bodedern, Clerk, Reverend Robert Williams Llanfaelog, Clerk.

For the County of Brecon.

Alexander Wood Esquire, the Lodge, Glasbury, Major Chandos Clifton Ryswen, Lieutenant-Colonel William Bridgwater Broomfield, Glasbury, Thomas Downes Brynich, Thomas Williams Skethrog, Rees Williams Penkelly Castle, David Downes Maesmaur, the Reverend Rees Price Clerk, Brecon, David William Jones Thomas Brecon, Thomas Evans Brecon, Joseph Joseph Brecon, Thomas Jones Senny Bridge, James Powell Pantscallog, Thomas Thomas Abersenny, James Evans Bailybedw.

For the County of Carmarthen,

John Griffiths Llwyncelyn-Hengoed in the Parish of IJanelly, James Forrest Wellfield, Llanelly, Edward Bagot Bradbury Hall, Llanelly, Josiah Jameson Letcher New Road, Llanelly, Arthur David Davies New Road, Llanelly, Howard Elkington Plasnewydd, Pembrey, Reverend Rys Thomas Jenkins Mydrim, John Thomas Jenkins Esquire, Surgeon, R.N, Saint Clears, Richard Richards, Carver Esquire, Wenalet, William Nicholas Bryndilo, Thomas Nicholas Pentrepaw, Walter Powell Jeffreys Henllis, John Morgan Davies Firwdy Vale, James Jones Maesglas, Henry Morgan Lluyncynyris, John Morgan Mass Clydan, John Lewis Philipps Bolauhaul, John Stephens Holcwm House, John Thomas Cwmfelin, Llandefeilog, Evan Stephens Bertwn, John Hughes Penplwydd, Liangendeirne, William Williams Tredarren, Llanpumpsaint, Thomas Rhys Saunders Perthyberllan, Reverend Evan Jones Clerk, Llanfihangel-ar-arth Vicarage.

For the County of Carnarvon.

John Whitehead Esquire, Pabo, Llangystenin, Murry Gladstone Esquire, Tan y foel, Dygyfylchi, C. S. Lemon Esquire,

Llandudno,

Hosted.

1866.

411

Land Tax Commissioners Names. Cap. 59.

Llandudno, James Lighthouse Esquire, Bryngolan, Llanfair-fechan, George Walker Esquire, Gloddaeth, near Conway, Andrew Schofield Esquire, Tanrallt, Eglwysrhos, Edward Moore Esquire, Moore House, Llandudno, Henry Kneeshaw Esquire, Plas Celyn, Dygyfylchi, Robert Owen Moulsdale Esquire, junior, Bryndyffryn, West Llanrwst

For the County of Denbigh.

Brooke Cunliffe Dinbren Hall, Llangollen, George Lloyd Dickin Tyndwfr, Llangollen, William Jones Trewyn, Esquire, Thomas Jenkins Esquire, Plas-y-ward, James Franklyn Preston Llwyn Ynn, Esquire, William Charles Newcombe Upper Eyarth, Esquire, John Jenkins Plas-isa, Esquire, Josiah Robert Jenkins Record Street, Ruthin, Esquire, Richard Gregson Ellis Bron-rhudd, Esquire, the Reverend John W. Freeborn M.A., Ruthin, Wood Gibson Plas-gwyn, Llanychan, Esquire, Owen Jones Pentre Voelas, Clerk, Sadrack Pryse* Yspytty Efau, Clerk, Robert Roberts Esquire, Bottegir Bettiosgwerfylgoch, John Booth Mason Esquire, Bryn Aber, Abergele, Thomas Owen Esquire, Bodlondeb House, Abergele, Colonel Edmund Maynard Hen-dregydu, Abergele, Reverend Hugh Edward Heaton Vicar, Bettws yn Rhos, Reverend Evan Lewis Vicar, Llanfair, Reverend John Pugh Vicar, Llansannan.

For the County of Flint.

John Henry Manor House near Flint, Clement Decimus Williamson Plas yn Morfa, Greentied.

For the County of Glamorgan.

John Prichard Architect, Llandqff\ William Alexander Timber Merchant, John Bird Esquire, William Done Bushell Esquire, Hugh Bird Merchant, Thomas Evans Surgeon, Henry Jones Evans Banker, Edward Stock Hill Esquire, Griffith Phillips Esquire, Henry James Paine M.D., William Taylor M.D., Charles Thompson Flour Merchant, William Yachell Iron Merchant, Charles Henry Williams Esquire, William Bradley Watkins Esquire, Richard Wyndham Williams Esquire, Benjamin Hill Civmdwr near Clydach in the Parish of Llangefelach, Richard Jenkins Geliyfeddan in the Parish of Llangefelach, the Reverend Thomas Jenkins Clerk, Incumbent of Saint Martin's, Caerphilly, Richard Richards, Esquire, Bellevue, Swansea.

For the County of Merioneth.

Lewis Holland Thomas Caerjfynnon, Esquire, William F. Johnson Brynmawr, Esquire, Richard Hughes Bridge Street, Dolgelley, Esquire, Edward Jones Queens Square, Dolgelley, Hotel Keeper, John Lloyd Pant Llanegryn, Farmer, David Llewelyn Lloyd Meirion House, Dolgelley, Esquire, Evan Rowlands Bryngwyn Llanegryn, Land Agent, Richard Williams Queens Square, Dolgelley, Merchant, William Williams Vrouw-

412

Cap. 59, 60. Land Tax Commissioners Names. 29 & 30 VICT'.

nion, Dolgelley Bank, William Walton Esquire, Cwmllecoeding, James Walton Esquire, Ctvmllecoeding, Reverend D, S. Evans Llanymowddwy, Robert Pugh Jones Esquire, Llanerch, John Roberts Esquire, Bwlchcoedog, Morris Evans Esquire, Dinas-mowddwy, John Jones Esquire, Lynycelyn, J. W. Willcock Esquire, Cleivion, A. Willcock Esquire, Cleivion.

For the County of Montgomery.

Robert Devereux Harrison Welshpool, Griffith Jenkins Derwch, Esquire, the Reverend David Phillips Lewis Guils-field. Clerk, Peter Arthur Beck Guilsfield, Esquire, Richard Asterley Pentre, Carreghofa, Edward Kempster of Llandisilio, Thomas Whittingham of Rhos, Llandrinio, John Pritchard of Crew Green.

For the County of Pembroke.

George White Tenby, John Joseph Clarke Waterwynch Tenby, George Chater Tenby, Frederick Maitland Tenby, Evan Evans Tenby, William Rees Tenby, Thomas Morgan Tenby, Charles William Rees Stokes Tenby, Edward Vernon Utterson Tenby, John Henry Harries Priskilly Forest, Owen Alexander Nares Clerk, Letterston Rectory, David Owen James Clerk, Mathry.

For the Borough of Radnor.

The Reverend Sir Gilbert Frankland Lewis Baronet, Robert Baskerville Mynors of Evancoed, Thomas Baskerville Mynors of Borland, Reverend Thomas Charles Prichard New Radnor, the Reverend Henry Fullalove Moggridge Old Radnor, the Reverend John Rogers Stanage Park, Radnor, Henry Ayre Laurel House, Knighton, Esquire.

CAP. LX.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, including the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland, and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the

Regular

413

Militia Pay, Cap. 60.

1 Regular Militia, who have been allowed to retire, and to Ad- c jutants disabled after long Service:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied) in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the Permanent Staff of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant -

, Quartermaster, where One is a_

pointed in Corps consisting of not less than 360 Private Men and of less than 360 Private Men -

, Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, Quartermaster Serjeant (in Corps

whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) and for the Serjeant performing the Duty of .both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less)

, Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or

Gunnery -, Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps whose

Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -, Serjeant, Orderly Room Clerk, Drum

Major, or Bugle Major -, Drummer, Trumpeter, Bugler, or

Fifer above Sixteen Years of Age and if under Sixteen Years of Age -

Infantry. Artillery.

£ s. d. £ s, d.

0 10 0 0 10 0

o o 0 5 0

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 3 0 0 3 6

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 2 6 0 1 10

0 1 10 0 1 10 0 1 1 0 0 10

0 2 10 0 2 6

2

2

1

0 0 10

Provided always, that when any Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also at Rates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instructions for the Provision of

Mm3 Clothing

Secretary of State for War to issue the Moneyrequired for Pay, &c. of Regular Militia, as herein stated.

414

Members of the Permanent Staff to reside where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

And may be employed in their Comities.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing.

Adjutant to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

Power to Secretary of State for War to order Arms,

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT.

-Clothing for each Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Permanent Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once inTwo Years.

2. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Member of the Permanent Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such Member shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men at the same Time.

3. Every Member of the Permanent Staff, when not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said MDilitia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force so employed.

4. The Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other

Stores,

1866.

415

Militia Pay. Cap. 60.

Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corpte of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

5. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Permanent Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Permanent Staff shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

6. All Persons receiving Pay as Members of the Permanent Staff of any Militia Regiment shall be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act and Articles of War for the Time being in force, and shall be entitled to be billeted in like Manner as Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army, and the Innkeepers and others who are liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted on them shall provide the Members of the Permanent Staff with convenient Lodging, Fire, and Candle, and in default thereof be liable to the Penalties imposed upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets, as prescribed by the Mutiny Act for the Time being in force.

7. The Officers and Volunteer Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances:

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -Major -

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) -Lieutenant -Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies

Infantry. Artillery.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 6

&c. to be deposited in War Office Stores, while disembodied.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Persons receiving Pay as Members of Permanent Staff of Militia to be subject to Mutiny Act.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay, &c. as herein stated.

416

Cap. 60.

Militia Pay.

Volunteers punished for Absence, serving for additional Period, to receive Bounty under 15 & 16 Vict. c. 50.

Volunteers attached to Regiments of the Line to be subject to the Mutiny Act,

29 & 30 Vict.

Adjutant if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -

, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff)-, (if holding a Subaltern's

Commission, and if not on the Permanent Staff) -, (if on the Permanent Staff

in Corps of not less than 360 Private Men)

, (if on the Permanent Staff

in Corps of less than 360 Private Men)

Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery, in addition to the daily Rate of Pay granted by Sec. 1.

Serjeant (not on the Permanent Staff) Corporal -Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Man (including the Permanent Staff), present at Training and Exercise -

Infantry. £ s. d.

0 7 0

0 4 6

0 6 6

0 3 6

0 1 6

0 3 0 0 11 4 0 7 6

0 1 0

0 1. 6

0 1 2

0 1 0

0 3 0

0 0 1

Artillery. £ s. d.

0 7 0

0 4 6

0 6 6

0 3 6

0 1 6

0 3 0 0 11 4 0 7 6

0 1 0

0 2 6 0 1 4i 0 1 2

0 3 0

0 0 1

8. Whenever a Volunteer who has been punished for Absence from any annual Training shall subsequently thereto serve for an additional Year or Years for any annual Period or Periods of Training and Exercise from or during which he absented himself, he shall be entitled to receive the same Bounty which, under the Regulation under the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, would have been payable to him during or in respect of Attendance at Training and Exercise.

9. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, be allowed Pay whilst so under Instruction, but while they remain so attached they will be under the Command of the Officer commanding the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers of that Regiment, and will be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act.

10. Volunteers

1866. Militia Pay. Cap. 60.

10. Volunteers may* if they desire, be transferred to another Regiment, with the Consent of the Commanding Officers of both Regiments, whether of Great Britain or Ireland, without being required to take any Oath other than that which they took on their original Enrolment.

11. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Sur-c geons Mates of the Militia of Great Britain, or Subaltern c Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon a retired c Allowance equal to and instead of the Allowance granted to c them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination c of the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and

Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed c on a retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced

Allowances granted to them in pursuance of an Act passed in

the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth: ' All such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,) c I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That

4 I formerly served as a in the

4 Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from the f Day of to the Day of

e I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employ-

ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or in c the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, c or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of 4 per Diem as a of the said Militia,

except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a /

12. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the OutPension, although not unfit for further Service No Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

13. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such

Person

417

Volunteers may be transferred to another Regiment -without being re-sworn.

Certain Officers unfit for Duty entitled to a retired Allowance, upon making the following Declaration.

Dorm of Declaration.

Out-Pension to reduced Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay,

&c. during Training.

418

Members of the Permanent Staff, &c. not to lose their Right to Chelsea or Kihnainhani Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1867.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT

Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

14. Provided always, That no Member of the Permanent Staff in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

15. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Rank and File effective Men during the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers and Men thereof, including the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week, excluding the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance for the sick Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

16. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

17. ' And Hosted

Militia Pay. Cap. 60. 419

17. 'And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in Allowances to

pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants* Surgeons* and Quarter- ^ta^Sur' f masters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity QuSemas-c been rendered unfit for further ServiceSuch Allowances ters. shall be issued and paid* during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always* that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

18. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid* Allowances under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed,

to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's certain Periods Regular or Indian Forces* or in the Army^of the East India of Service* Company* and in the Militia* if unfit* either by Age or Infirmity* for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions;

(that is to say*)

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet*)

Fifteen Years* of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem:

Twenty Years* of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem:

Twenty-five Years* of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem:

Thirty Years* of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia* an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem:

Provided that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension* notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War* founded upon such Certificate* the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always* that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas* o? under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment* except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the

Secretary

Restrictions as to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming the said Allowance.

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT *

Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment.

19. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted

to reduced Adjutants of the Local MilitiaThe said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

20. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

| 4.5. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving f as Adjutant in the of Local Militia at the Reduction c of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders (during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to ' receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the c Day of One thousand eight hundred and

to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold or

enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any c Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other c Government, besides the Allowance of a Day

now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of the

Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be\!

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or

Military

1C

1866.

421

Militia Pay. Cap. 60.

Military Half Pay* or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

21. Any Adjutant who has served as such in the Embodied or Disembodied Militia for Five consecutive Years immediately preceding the Appointment herein-after referred to may, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Militia Regiment in which he has been serving as aforesaid, be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place from which such Regiment has been raised to serve with the Rank of Captain, subject nevertheless to all the same Restrictions as to Rank, Command, and Pay as are now in force with reference to other Adjutants now serving with the Rank of Captain.

22. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Rates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act.

23. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry* City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (ividelicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings. c I do solemnly declare. That the preceding

Account, so far as ^regards my Interest therein, is a just

and true Account of Business performed by me for and in

behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein

set forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually

paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

| do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial

f A Schoolmaster [or Constable or other Officer'] of the District 6 in the Subdivision of the County of; and that the preceding Account

Adjutant after Five Years Service may be appointed to serve with Rank of Captain.

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

Manner of

granting

Allowances.

Clerks, & c. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

422

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Pay, &c. to be issued under Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT.

i is a just and true Account of Business actually performed by c myself for and in behalf of the Public Service according to c the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the

Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me/

And the said Accounts shall 'be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

24. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieu-c tenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry,

City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the c Counties of Cornwall and Devon, should be assisted by the c Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia ' by reason of bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service e of the Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment / It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

I do solemnly declare. That I will, to the

best of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the c Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be sub-c mitted to my Examination, and that I wTill not receive from any of them any Fee or Keward whatever for any such c Examination/

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment

25. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head *

26. All

1866.

423

Militia Pay. Cap. 60.

26. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allow- Bills drawn for

ances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; &c- ma7

and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of stamp^Paper, being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

27. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid No Pee to be for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which taken, shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

28. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, All Things in and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed tins Act relat-to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, Ji^shaUextend and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies to Ridings, respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Shires, &c. Devon.

29. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from Continuance of the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Act *

sixty-six until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers .;

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, 3 and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1.

d.

0 7 6

For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertise-

o o

ments) -

2. For attending General £ Meetings at which the Statutory

Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each - 5 5 0

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants - - 111

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief

Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - 0 0 6

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters,

Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return

Lists, each - - 006

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating,

arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals - 0 7 6

Nn 2

424

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 Vict.

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof. Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

£ s. d.

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

6 6 0

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto wards -

from 201 to 400 Men - from 401 to 600 Men - from 601 to 800 Men - from 801 Men and up-

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the

Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards -

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual

Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps -

Ditto - Two - Ditto -

Ditto - Three - Ditto

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

1 1 0

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

1 0 0 1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

1866. Militia Pay. Cap. 60,

- 9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men -

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards

10. For Copyings* Correspondence* &c. &c .:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under -In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

11, The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing

the Advertisements* for Postages* Expresses* and Messengers* to be allowed upon an Account* specifying each Article of Postage* &c.* certified specially by the Lieutenancy* whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

425

£ s. d.

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision

Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised* each Notice -

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or

other Commanding Officer's Returns* Schedule (F.)* in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion -

In Counties in England* Wales* and Scotland furnishing One Regiment* Battalion* or Corps Ditto - Two Ditto -

Ditto - Three Ditto -

0 0 6

1 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement* no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement -050

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants* the Adjutant* or other Commanding Officer* (no Charge being made for the Draft*) for each Letter - - - 0 10 *

* Hosted

426 Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT.

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings* for each of the Three £ s. d. first or principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet *

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals *

For balloting *

For enrolling *

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes* et cetera* when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised* which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - 2 2 0

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - - 15 0

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned* but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - - 0150

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High

Constables in England and Wales* including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon* to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish* and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men* each Precept. - - 006

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters *

Chief Constables* or other Officers in Scotland* for the Performance of similar Duty* each Precept - 0 0 6

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable

to serve in the Regular Militia* by taking out the

Names of all Persons who may appeal* and whose

Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed *

and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been

omitted to be inserted* and in numbering the Returns *

and making out the Tickets for the balloting* after the

Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of

Persons returned liable to serve* and so in proportion

for a greater or smaller Number of Men - -£2 per 1,000

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists* Schedule (C.)* for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings*'"where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision

is 50 Men and under - - 2 2 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 3 3 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 4 4 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - 5 5 0

1866* Militia Pay. Cap. 60.

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men

enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain* including the Tower Hamlets and the Stan-naries of Cornwall and Devon* for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings* Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet*) For a Roll containing 50 Names and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing

Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet*)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

21. For Correspondence* Copyings* et cetera* to the Clerk of

a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet*)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing

Advertisements* for Postage* Expresses* and Messengers* to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage* and specially certified by the Lieutenancy* whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes* et cetera* within the Limits of the Subdivision* the various Forms of Schedules* et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief

Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales* including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon* to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables* Tithingmen* or other OflScers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice

427 £ s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0

1 10 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0 0 15 0 10 0

428

Cap. 60. Militia Pay. 29 & 30 VICT.

in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10* Names and under - Ditto from 11 to 30 Names Ditto from 31 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 70 Names Ditto from 71 to 100 Names Ditto from 100 upwards -25* For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise: For a Roll containing 20 Names and under - Ditto from 21 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 and upwards 26* For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 and upwards

£ s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

10 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 2 0 0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hour3 -050

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty

Lines - - - 010

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting - 0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per

Day - - - 0 5 0

31. For Stationery, per Annum -050

1866. Militia Pay. Cap. 60. 420

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for <£ s. d%

each Day consisting of Eight Hours - - 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty-

Lines - - 010

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and

enrolled Men, per Day - -040

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the

Constables, per Annum - - . - 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform

the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account.

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Boom at the

Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot.

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 Where the Quota is

Above 200 and not exceeding 400 -

Above 400 and not exceeding 500 And where the Quota exceeds 500 the following Additions for every 100 or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500 and not exceeding 1,000 Above 1,000 and not exceeding 2,000 Above 2,000 and not exceeding 3,000 Above 3,000 and not exceeding 4,000 Above 4,000 -

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant - The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

Per Annum.

£ s. d.

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 0 0

2 2 0

430

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 61. Drainage, &c. Lands Act(L) Prov. Order. 29 & 30 VICT«

CAP. LXI.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), and the Acts amending the same.

[6th August 1866.]

Xl/'HEEE AS the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland c T T have, in pursuance of u The Drainage and Improvement

of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863/' and the Acts amending the e same, duly made the Provisional Order contained in the

Schedule to this Act annexed; and it is by the first-

mentioned Act provided that no such Orders shall be of e any Validity whatsoever until they shall be confirmed by

Parliament; and it is expedient that said Order should be so c confirmed: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act.

2. This Act maybe cited for all Purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental Act (Ireland), 1866."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88., 27 & 28 Vict. c. 72., and 28 & 29 Vict.

c. 52.

In the Matter of the Connell Drainage District in the County of Kildare.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands upon and adjacent to the Connell Stream or River on or about the Thirtieth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the Provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, and the Acts amending the same, accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information required by the said Act, showing, by reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that said Lands within the proposed District should be constituted a separate Drainage District under the Provisions of the said Acts: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esq., Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said

_ Acts:

431

1866. Drainage, , fyc. c. Lands Act (I.} Provisional Order. Cap. 61.

Acts: And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said Inspector has duly reported to us, the said Commissioners, in Writing, the result of his Inquiries, and we, the said Commissioners, have duly considered the same: And whereas no Objection to the said Report has been made to us: And whereas all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order have been performed and complied with: And whereas we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon Consideration of the Premises, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Acts, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do by this Provisional Order, under our Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report, and the Boundaries and Extent of which'are set forth within Yellow Lines on the Map to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached (and which Map is deposited in the Office of Public Works in Ireland), a separate Drainage District by the Name of "The Connell Drainage District: And we, the said Commissioners of Public Works, do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for the Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of November which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board: That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Five Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board:

viz.-

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Walter Hurley of Old ConnelF House, Esquire,

Hugh Kelly of Great Connell,

Esquire,

Eyre Powell of Great Connell, y Esquire,

James Coffey of Tiercross, Esquire,

And George P. L. Mansfield of Morristown Latten, Esquire,

That the First Meeting of the said Board i by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in the Dublin Gazette, and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be that he shall be the Proprietor, as defined

by

All in the County of Kildare.

shall be summoned

Cap. 61, 62. Drainage, &c. Act {!.) Prov, Order. 29 & 30 VICT.

by the said Act, and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith, of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for Time being of a Person being a Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District, and acting as Receiver of the Rents and Profits of such Lands:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said last-mentioned Act: Provided always, that no such Elector shall be entitled to vote, or exercise any Privilege as such, unless the Lands of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District.

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed, this Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

E. Hornsby, (Seal.)

Office of Public Works, Dublin. Secretary.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend, the Law relating to the "Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

[6th August 1866.] DE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Power to Treasury to direct Cost of Improvements to be charged to Capital and repaid out of Income.

Permanent Improvements.

1. Where at any Time after the passing of this Act any -Operation, Work, Matter, or Thing, being within the Description of the Improvement of Land contained in Section Nine of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, (The Improvement of Land Act, 1864,) is effected or done in or with reference to any Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown under the Management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Commissioners of Woods), the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Commissioners of the Treasury) may, if they think fit, direct, with respect to any such Operation, Work, Matter, or Thing, that

Croton Lands.

433

Cap. 62.

the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and connected with the same shall be charged as a Principal Sum to the Account of the Capital of the Land Revenue of the Crown; but in every Case where such Direction is given the Principal Sum so charged shall be repaid out of the Income of the Land Revenue of the Crown in such Manner and within such Time as in each Case the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time direct, so nevertheless that in every Case Provision be made for the complete Repayment of Principal out of Income as aforesaid within a Period not exceeding Thirty Years from the Time at which the Principal Sum becomes a Charge as aforesaid.

Mines.

2. From and after the passing of this Act One Moiety of the net annual Income of the Land Revenue of the Crown received by the Commissioners of Woods in respect of any Coal, Ironstone, or Mineral, Stone, Slate, Clay, Gravel, Sand, or Chalk, or of any Substance obtained by mining, quarrying, or excavating, shall be carried to the Account of the Capital of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and the Residue of the net Amount received from the Sources in this Section mentioned shall be carried to the Account of the Income of such Land Revenue.

For the Ascertainment of such net Income as aforesaid there shall be deducted from the gross Amount received such Sum as the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time think fit in respect of the Salary and Expenses of the Crown Mineral Inspector and Expenses of local Management, and for the Purposes aforesaid the Commissioners of Woods shall keep a separate Account (in such Form as the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time direct) to be called "The Mines Account," which Account shall include all Receipts and Outgoings in respect of the Sources of Revenue in this Section mentioned, and which Account shall show the respective Amounts to be from Time to Time carried under this Section to the Capital and to the Income of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

3. On granting a Lease of any Coal or other such Substance as in the last preceding Section mentioned, or any Authority or Licence for the working thereof, or any Licence for the making of an Underlease, Assignment, or other Disposition of the Interest of any Person under any such Lease, Authority, or Licence, the Commissioners of Woods, or One of them, may, if they or he think fit, with the Approval of the Commissioners of the Treasury, receive or agree to receive (in addition to any Rent, Royalty, or Reservation) such Sum of Money as seems to them or him sufficient Consideration for such Lease, Authority, or Licence.

Capitalization of Moiety of net Produce of Mines.

Consideration for Mining Leases.

Cap. 62.

Crown Lands.

29 & 30 Vict.

Repeal of Sect. 9. of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 76.

Power to Commissioners of Woods, with Approval of Treasury, to grant Licences to hunt, &c. over New Forest and Forest of Dean.

Transfer of Management of Forestal Rights in Ep-ping Forest to Commissioners of Works.

Transfer of Management of Foreshore to Board of Trade.

New Forest and Forest of Dean.

4. From and after the passing of this Act Section Nine of the Act of the Session of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Seventy-six), "to extinguish " the Right of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to " give Compensation in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes " relating to the said Forest," shall be and the same is hereby repealed; but nothing herein shall affect any Licence for any of the Purposes in that Section mentioned granted before the passing of this Act.

5. From and after the passing of this Act the Commissioners of Woods, or One of them, on behalf of Her Majesty, may from Time to Time, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, grant Licences to any Person or Persons to hunt, hawk, fish, and fowl on and over all or any Parts or Part of the New Forest and Forest of Dean respectively the Soil and Freehold whereof are for the Time being vested in the Crown, subject and according to the Provisions for the Time being in force relative to Licences by the said Commissioners or either of them in exercise of any Powers by Law vested in them or him to grant Licences to hunt, hawk, fish, or fowl upon or over any Forest belonging to Her Majesty, and under the Management of the said Commissioners or either of them; provided always, that notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, no such Licence shall be deemed to be or construed to operate as or in the Nature of a Lease or Demise.

Epping Forest.

6. From and immediately after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the Commissioners of Her Maj jsty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall perform and exercise the Duties and Powers of Management, and all other Duties and Powers, which if this Act had not been passed would have been performed and exercised by the Commissioners of Woods of and in relation to the Forestal Rights and Interests of the Crown in, to, or over that Portion of Waltham Forest usually called Epping Forest.

Transfer to Board of Trade.

7. From and immediately after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six all such Parts and Rights and Interests as then belong to Her Majesty in right of the Crown of and in the Shore and Bed of the Sea, and of every Channel, Creek, Bay, Estuary, and of every navigable River of the United Kingdom, as far up the same as the Tide flows (and which are herein-after for Brevity called the Foreshore), except as in this Act provided, shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, and subject also to such public and other Rights as by Law exist in, over, or affect-

1866. Crown Lands. Cap. 62. 435

ing the Foreshore or any Part thereof, be and the same are. hereby transferred from the Management of the Commissioners of Woods to, and thenceforth the same shall be under the Management of, the Board of Trade.

8. The Board of Trade shall have and may exercise all Board of Trade

the Powers and Authorities, Bights and Privileges, whatsoever ^me

with regard to the Foreshore which the Commissioners of Commissioners Woods now have or are entitled to exercise with respect to the of Woods, same.

9. All Deeds and Instruments made by the Board of Trade Execution of under this Act shall be executed and signed by One of the I)eeds> &c* Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries of the Board of Trade;

but nothing in this Act or in any such Deed or Instrument shall extend to charge personally the Officer of the Board of Trade executing or signing the same.

10. The following Provisions of the Act of the Tenth Year Application to of the Reign of King George the Fourth (Chapter Fifty)," to of P^ts^of^6 <c consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management io Gr. 4. c. 50.

" and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks,

" and Chases, of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the " Survey of the Exchequer in England, and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland, and for extending certain " Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and " Alderney," shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Board of Trade, their Deeds, Acts, Proceedings, Officers, and Servants under this Act, as if those Provisions were here repeated, with the Substitution therein of the Board of Trade for the Commissioners of Woods, and of the Foreshore under the Management of the Board of Trade for the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown to which that Act relates, namely, - — Sections Seventy-four, Seventy-seven, Eighty-one to Eighty-five, and Ninety to Ninety-four (all inclusive) — save that such Consent of any Authority or Inrolment of any Instrument as is in any Case required by any of those Sections shall not be requisite under this Act.

11. The Provisions of Section Five of the Act of the Application to Session of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Ma- of°Sect°5Tof jesty's Reign (Chapter Fifty-six), ec to facilitate the Redemp- i6 & 17 Vict.

" tion of certain Charges on the Hereditary Possessions and c. 56.

te Land Revenues of the Crown, and to make other Provisions " in regard to the Management of such Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues," as amended by this Act, shall extend and apply to the Board of Trade, their Deeds, Acts,

Proceedings, Officers, and Servants, under this Act, as if that Section were here repeated, with the Substitution therein of the Board of Trade for the Commissioners of Woods, — save that such Consent of any Authority as is in any Case required by that Section shall not be requisite under this Act.

12. All Money which is received by the Board of Trade in Monies received consequence of the Exercise of any of the Powers or Autho- Trad^under rities. Rights or Privileges, conferred on them by this Act, tMs Act to be

H osted by Cj O Ic

Crown Lands.

paid into the Exchequer, and to form Part of Consolidated Fund.

Monies received by Board of Trade, which would have been applied as Capital by Commissioners of Woods, to go towards deduction of National Debt.

Compensation to Crown to be determined by Arbitration.

Mode in which Compensation to be made good.

Cap. 62.

29 & 30 Vict.

and which if this Act had not been passed would have been carried by the Commissioners of Woods as annual Income to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, in this Act called the Consolidated Fund, shall be paid by the Board of Trade into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

13. All Money which is received by the Board of Trade in consequence of the Exercise of any of the Powers, Authorities, Rights, or Privileges last aforesaid, and which if this Act had not been passed would have been applied as Capital by the Commissioners of Woods, shall be applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time direct; and a Copy of every Minute or Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury directing any such Application shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

14. The Amount of the Compensation to be paid to the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Transfer effected by this Act of the Rights and Interests of the Crown in the Foreshore shall be determined by Two Arbitrators appointed, one by the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the other by the Commissioners of Woods, or, in case of the Disagreement of the Arbitrators, by an Umpire appointed by the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain before the Arbitrators enter on the Reference.

15. The Amount of the Compensation so determined shall be made good to the Capital of the Land Revenue of the Crown after the making of the Award of the Arbitrators or Umpire in either or both, or partly in one and partly in the other, of the following Modes, as the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time direct; namely,

(1.) By the Release (within Six Months after the making of such Award) to the l^and Revenue of the Crown of any Debt due therefrom to the Consolidated Fund, which Release shall be made by a Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury:

(2.) By the Transfer (within Six Months after the making of the said Award) to the Consolidated Fund of the Charge for any Pensions, Annuities, or other annual Payments payable out of the Land Revenue of the Crown, which shall be specified in a Warrant of the Commissioners of me Treasury, and on the issuing of such Warrant the same shall become and are hereby charged on the Consolidated Fund, and thereupon the Land Revenue of the Crown shall become and is hereby discharged therefrom (every such Warrant being inrolled in Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster):

The Balance (if any) of the Amount of Compensation so determined (the Amount of which Balance shall be specified in a Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury) shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and shall be payable thereout at such Periods and in such Proportions as the Commissioners

1866.

437

Crown Lands. Cap. 62.

sioners of the Treasury from Time to Time by Warrant direct, but so nevertheless that the whole of such Balance (if any) shall be paid within the Space of Ten Years after the making of the said Award.

A Copy of every Warrant made in pursuance of the present Section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

16. With a view to the Determination of the Amount of the Debt now due from the Land Revenue of the Crown to the Consolidated Fund, the Arbitration directed by the Acts described in the First Schedule to this Act, for determining the Value of the Property thereby transferred (forming Part of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown), shall be had forthwith after the passing of this Act.

17. Nothing in this Act shall apply to the Portions of the Foreshore described in the Second Schedule to this Act, or to any other particular Portions of the Foreshore with respect to which the Commissioners of Woods are by any Act specially empowered to make any Disposition or Arrangement of or concerning the Rights of the Crown therein; and every such Act shall continue to operate, and every Disposition or Arrangement made or to be made thereunder shall have the like Validity, Etfect, and Consequences as if this Act had not been passed.

18. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any Portion of the Foreshore in relation to which any Instrument has been before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven made or executed by the Commissioners of Woods, or either of them, in the due Exercise of any Powers for the Time being by Law vested in them or him.

19. Where before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven any Money has been paid under any Act into the Bank of England or any other Bank in relation to any Portion of the Foreshore, then such Money and Portion of the Foreshore shall continue and may be dealt with as if this Act had not been passed.

20. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any Portion of the Foreshore in front of or immediately adjacent to any Lands whereof or whereto Her Majesty, or any Person or Body in trust for Her Majesty, is on the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six seised or entitled in possession, reversion, or remainder, or which Lands on the same Day are the Property of any Department of Her Majesty's Government, or in the Possession of any such Department or of any Officers thereof; and every such Portion of the Foreshore shall continue vested, and be subject to the Exercise therein of the same Powers, Authorities, Rights, and Privileges, as if this Act had not been passed; and nothing in this Act contained or to be done by virtue of this Act shall take away, restrict, or diminish any Power or Right by Law vested in the Crown to use the Foreshore for the Purposes of any Salmon Fishings which may belong to the Crown.

O o 3 21. Nothing

Immediate Valuation of Crown Land taken for Public Offices.

Exception of Portions of Foreshore described in Second Schedule, &c.

Exception of Portions of Foreshore sold, &c.

Exception of Portions of Foreshore where Money paid into Court, &c.

Exception of Portions of Foreshore fronting Crown Property.

438

Exception of Mines, &c, under Foreshore.

Power for Persons interested in Mines, &c. to enter on Foreshore, &c.

Protection of Structures on or near Foreshore.

Provision to be made for Safety of Tenants, &c.

Act not to increase Power of the Crown

Cap. 62. Crown Lands. 29 & 30 VICT.

21. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any Beds, Seams, or Veins of Coal or Stone or any Metallic or other Mineral Substances in or under the Foreshore, or to any Mines or Quarries thereof, and the same shall continue and be vested, held, and enjoyed as if this Act had not been passed.

22. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, all Persons for the Time being entitled, in right of or under the Crown, to or to the Management of any Beds, Seams, Veins, Mines, or Quarries as aforesaid in or under the Foreshore, or in or under any Lands immediately adjacent thereto, and their respective Tenants, may take into possession, or use or pass through, over, or under, any Portion of the Foreshore under the Management of the Board of Trade in order to do all or any of the following Things; namely.

To make or sink any Pits, Shafts, Adits, Drifts, Levels, Drains, Watercourses, Pools, or Embankments;

To make, lay, place, use, and repair any Spoil Banks, Roads, Ways, Brooks, and Banks;

To make, erect, and repair any Lodges, Shafts, Steam and other Engines, Buildings, Works, and Machinery;

To do any such other Acts as are for the Time being necessary or convenient for working, searching for, digging, raising, carrying away, dressing, or making merchantable the Coal, Stone, or other Substances aforesaid;

Giving to the Board of Trade at least Two Months previous Notice in Writing of the Intention to exercise the Powers of this Section (stating the Nature, Extent, and Duration of the proposed Interference with the Foreshore), and doing as little Damage as may be in the Exercise of those Powers, and making full Compensation to all Persons interested for all Damage sustained by them by reason or in consequence of the Exercise of such Powers, the Amount and Application of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, or The Railways Act (Ireland0, 1851, and any Act amending those Acts respectively (as the Case requires), for Determination of the Amount and Application of Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected.

23. Nothing in the foregoing Provisions shall authorize any Person, and it shall not be lawful for any Person, to sink, drive, or make any Pit, Shaft, Adit, Drift, Level, Drain, Watercourse, Pool, or Embankment, so as to injure, weaken, or endanger, or be likely to injure, weaken, or endanger, any Pier or other Structure on or near the Foreshore.

24. The Persons for the Time being exercising the Powers conferred by the foregoing Provisions, or any of them, shall make and maintain all Works and Conveniences necessary or proper for the Safety and Accommodation of the Public.

25. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or increase or be construed to extend or increase the Powers or Authorities,

1866. Crown Lands. Cap. 62. 439

rities, Eights or Privileges, of the Crown over the Foreshore, over the Fore-or any Part thereof, but as between the Crown and all other shore-Persons such Powers and Eights shall continue as the same existed before the passing of this Act.

Arbitrations.

26. Where any Matter in difference, whether being the ^rbtoators Subject of a pending Suit in any Court or not, or any Issue in &c. to summon any such Suit, is referred to Arbitration under Section Ninety- Witnesses, four of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Eeign of King George the Fourth, or under Section Five of the said Act of the Session of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Eeign, or under such Sections or either of them as applied by this Act, the Arbitrators or Umpire may, on the Application of either Party, by Summons require any Person to attend before them or him to be examined as a Witness, or to bring before them or him any Books, Papers, Maps, Plans, and Writings in his Possession or Control relating to the Subject of the Eeference; and every Person so summoned shall be bound to obey the Summons on a reasonable Sum being paid or tendered to him for his Expenses.

27. The Arbitrators or Umpire may administer an Oath or Power to ex-an Affirmation (where an Affirmation in lieu of an Oath would ^me 011 Oath? be admitted in a Court of Justice) to any Person examined,

and may take the Affidavit or Declaration of any Person.

28. If any Person on whom any such Summons is served Penalty for (either personally or by Delivery at his last known or usual ^°cI^a^nd" Place of Abode or Business) fails to obey the same without reasonable Excuse, or refuses to be sworn or make Affirmation,

or to answer any lawful Question put to him, he shall be liable on summary Conviction to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, without Prejudice to any other Eemedy against him.

29. If any Person on any such Examination on Oath or Affirmation or in any such Affidavit or Declaration wilfully Eyidlac gives false Evidence he shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

Claremont

30. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to retain and have Power to Her the Use and Enjoyment, during Her Life or Pleasure, of the tamClLemont Mansion near Esher called Claremont, and its Fixtures and House with Furniture, with the Park, Pleasure Grounds, and Gardens ^Lif C'for thereto belonging (containing by Estimation Three hundred er 1 e' and thirty-two Acres or thereabouts), and certain Plantations

and Lands (containing by Estimation One hundred and thirty-two Acres or thereabouts), with a Spring of Water rising therein (from which the said Mansion is supplied with Water) and the Waste Lands Parcel of the Manors of Esher and Milbourne or Waterville Esher.

General Saving.

31. Saving to all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Saving of their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, va^Per^onT

and &c.

440

Short Title,

28 & 29 Vict. c. 48.

Cap. 62, 63. Crown Lands. 29 & 30 VICT.

and Assigns, (other than Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in right of the Crown,) all such Estates, Eights, Titles, Claims, and Demands whatsoever as they respectively have at the passing of this Act, or might or could have had if this Act had not been passed.

[Short Title.]

32. This Act may be cited as The Crown Lands Act, 1866.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts relating to Crown Land taken for Public Offices.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 88. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 74. An Act to vest in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings a Portion of Saint James's Park as a Site for Public Offices. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire additional Lands for the Purposes of the Public Offices Extension Act of 1859, by way of Exchange for Land already acquired but not wanted for the Purposes of the said Act.

The SECOND SCHEDULE. Portions of Foreshore excepted from Transfer to Board of Trade.

Portions of Foreshore. Acts relating to those Portions of Foreshore.

Foreshore of Thames Foreshore of Tees -Foreshore of County Palatine of Durham. The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857. The Tees Conservancy Act, 1857. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 45. — An Act to amend the Provisions of an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham, and to make further Provision with respect to the Jura Regalia of the said County.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the intended Courts of Justice.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Courts of Justice Commissioners (appointed under Section Four of The Courts of Justice

6 Building Act, 1865,) have advised the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

441

Courts of Justice. Cap. 63, 64.

Majesty's Treasury that it is desirable that Part of the Money 6 provided by Parliament for the Purposes of The Courts of 28 & 29 Vict.

Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865, should be applied in c* 49f c or towards the Purchase of Lands adjacent to Lands prescribed

f in that Act, for the widening of Carey Street, for improving the Access of Light and Air to the intended Building for ' the Courts of Justice, and for such other Objects as the ' Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury think advantageous f in relation to the intended Concentration of the Courts of ' Justice:

And whereas the Expense thereof is not included in the e Estimate given in pursuance of Section Nineteen of The

Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865, and there-c fore cannot be defrayed out of the Money already provided c by Parliament for the Purposes of that Act; and the Courts c of Justice Commissioners have recommended that .any Money f applied as aforesaid be repaid by means of the Taxation of c Suitors of the Courts (other than the Court of Chancery) to ' be accommodated in the said Building

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any Money required to be applied as aforesaid may, if As to Advance the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury think fit, be paid

in the first instance out of the Money already provided by Parliament for the Purposes of The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865.

2. Any Advance made under the Authority of this Act, with As to Advance

Interest thereon, shall be repaid by means of the Contribution be r£Pf d to be levied under The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865, ourts

on Suitors (other than those of the Court of Chancery) using

the said Building, and the Redemption Annuity to be created, and the Bent of Courts Fee to be taken, under the same Act, as nearly as may be as if such Advance formed Part of the Advances authorized by that Act.

3. This Act may be cited as The Courts of Justice Act, short Title. 1866.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, c Whereas a Di'awback of Excise is payable by Law in Grant of Draw-e respect of Beer brewed or made by any entered and licensed -a<:k^u solldi-

Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, and exporte<fto

exported Foreign Parts.

442 Cap. 64. Inland Revenue. 29 & 30 VICT.

The Manufacture and Exportation of solidified Worts to be under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make, and under Conditions specified in this Section.

exported as Merchandise from any Port in the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, and it is expedient to grant a e Drawback of Excise in respect of Worts made and solidified 6 by any such Brewer as aforesaid and exported as aforesaid Be it enacted* That there shall be paid and allowed in respect of Worts made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom from Malt or Sugar, or Malt and Sugar, on which the full Duties of Excise and Customs respectively have been charged or paid, and solidified, and exported as Merchandise from any Port in the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, a Drawback at the Rate of the Duty payable on One Bushel of Malt, with the Addition of the Sum of Three Halfpence for every Twenty-eight Pounds Avoirdupois of such Wort made and solidified as aforesaid, which shall be manufactured, prepared, and exported in conformity with the Provisions of this Act.

2. The Manufacture, Preparation, Packing, and Exportation of such Wort shall be under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Securities (by Bond or otherwise), as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may from Time to Time make and require respectively in that Behalf, and under and subject also to the following Conditions; (that is to say,)

1. The Wort shall not be evaporated until it has been

boiled with Hops in the Proportion of at least One Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops to every Bushel of Malt, or Twenty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar used in making such Wort:

2. The solidified Wort shall be of such Density that when

dissolved in Water in the Proportion of Twenty-eight Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Wort to Thirty-four Gallons and One Tenth Part of a Gallon of Water it shall produce Thirty-six Gallons of liquid Wort of a Specific Gravity not less than 1*027 Degrees, such Specific Gravity to be ascertained in the Manner directed by the Seventy-second Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, or by means of the Weighing Bottle, as the said Commissioners shall direct:

3. Solidified Wort shall be packed only between the Hours

of Six o'Clock in the Morning and Six o'Clock in the Afternoon, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and in such Cases or Packages as shall be approved by the said Commissioners, and such Cases or Packages shall be fastened and secured to the Satisfaction of such Officer:

4. The Brewer shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice of his

Intention to export solidified Wort to the Officer of Excise in whose Survey his Brewery shall be situated, stating the Quantity of such Wort intended to be exported.

1866.

Inland Revenue.

443

Cap. 64.

exported* the particular Day and Hour at which the same is to be packed, and the Name of the Port from which it is to be exported:

5. The Brewer shall provide just and sufficient Scales and Weights properly adapted for the weighing of solidified Wort, and shall allow any Officer of Excise to use the same, and shall provide such Officer with proper and sufficient Assistance to enable him to weigh such Wort.

3. If any solidified Wort, packed or produced for Exporta- Solidified Wort tion, shall have mixed therewith any Substance, Material, or tMn

Thing other than such as shall be produced by the Process shall not bea of mashing from Malt, or from such Descriptions of Sugar as produced by may lawfully be employed in the brewing of Beer, the Brewer of

shall, over and above any other Penalty to which he may be Sugar, subject, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Wort, and the Packages in which the same may be contained, together with any Drawback claimed thereon, shall be forfeited.

4. The Drawback or Allowance upon solidified Wort Provisions of exported under the Provisions of this Act shall be paid by the [0^ert^ere" Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and the Provisions of all Exportation of Acts in force relating to the Exportation of any exciseable exciseable Commodities on Drawback, and all Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, Commoditie^ and Penalties imposed by the said Acts, shall (except as Exportation of altered by this Act) extend to and shall be respectively applied, solidified Wort, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the said Drawback or Allowance upon solidified Wort hereby granted

upon the Exportation thereof, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Provisions,

Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties were enacted and imposed in and by this Act.

5. So much of the Condition numbered " One " in the So much of

Twenty-eighth Section of the Act of the Twenty-third and ^q11^1^11 Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One of

hundred and thirteen, as provides that Malt to be exported on 23 & 24 Vict. Drawback shall not be blown or roasted, is hereby repealed, c^113; >.as and the Thirteenth Section of the Act of the Twenty-eighth exported* and Twenty-ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter shall not be Sixty-six, save so far as respects the Repeal therein contained, blo^n or

/ y jl jl ' roastGfi arm

is also hereby repealed; and the Amount of Drawback allowed of Sect! 13. of

by Law upon the Exportation of Malt shall be calculated in 28 & 29 Vict.

the following Manner; (that is to say,) when the Malt shall another^Pro* '

weigh less than Forty Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel, a visions made.

Drawback at the Rate of the Duty payable on One Bushel of

Malt shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Forty

Pounds Avoirdupois of the Malt exported; and when the

Malt shall weigh Forty Pounds Avoirdupois or upwards per

Bushel, Drawback shall be allowed and paid according to the

Quantity ascertained by Measure, subject, however, in either

Case, to the Deduction of Seven and a Half per Centum upon

the Quantity ascertained as directed by the Thirtieth Section of the said Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of

Her

444

Inland Revenue.

Boasted Malt to be exported only by Boasters and Dealers in rcasted Malt, and under same Regulations as other Malt.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue may authorize the use in Distil' leries of Vessels, &c. in addition to those prescribed by Law.

Methylated Spirit not to he used as a Beverage or as a Medicine.

Cap. 64.

29 & 30 VICT

Her Majesty's Reign; provided that no Malt shall be exported on Drawback which, after having been screened and cleaned as directed in the said Twenty-eighth Section of the said last-mentioned Act, shall be of greater Weight than Forty-four Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel, and that no Malt (other than blow, roasted, and crystallized Malt) shall be exported on Drawback which, after having been screened and cleaned as aforesaid, shall be of less Weight than Thirty-six Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel.

6. Roasted Malt shall be exported on Drawback by a licensed Roaster of Malt, or by a licensed Dealer in roasted ' Malt, and by no other Person, and from the entered Premises of such Roaster or Dealer; and all the Provisions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or incorporated by so much of Sections Twenty-seven, Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine, Thirty, Thirty-one, Thirty-two, and Thirty-three of the said Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, as is now in force, and not repealed by this Act, in relation to the Exportation of Malt from a Malthouse, or to any Act, Neglect, or Omission of a Maltster, shall, so far as the same shall be applicable, extend and apply to the Exportation of roasted Malt, and to any Act, Neglect, or Omission of a Roaster of Malt or Dealer in roasted Malt.

7. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to permit a licensed Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder to fix and use in his Distillery or Premises, subject to such Regulations as they think fit, any Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening which shall be approved of by them, in addition to or in lieu of any Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening prescribed and required by the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, and also for the said Commissioners to withdraw such Permission whenever they shall think proper to do so; and every such Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening shall, so long as the same shall be used with the Permission of the said Commissioners, but no longer, be deemed to be a Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening prescribed and required by the said Act; and all the Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in or imposed by the said Act, or any other Act in force relating to any Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening used by or on the Premises of a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall, so far as the same shall be applicable, extend and apply to every Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Plug, Pump, Pipe, or Fastening permitted to be fixed and used under the Authority of this Act.

8. No Person shall use Methylated Spirit or any Derivative thereof in the Manufacture, Composition, or Preparation of any Article whatsoever capable of being used either wholly or

partially

1866. Inland Revenue. Cap. 64. 445

partially as a Beverage or internally as a Medicine; and if any Person shall use Methylated Spirit or any Derivative thereof in the Manufacture, Composition, or Preparation of any Article as aforesaid, or shall sell or have in his Possession any such Article in the Manufacture, Composition, or Preparation whereof any Methylated Spirit, or any Derivative thereof, shall have been used, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Article shall be forfeited, together with the Vessels or Packages containing the same: Provided always, that, nothing herein contained shall apply to the Use of Methylated Spirit, or any Derivative thereof, in the Manufacture,

Composition, or Preparation of Sulphuric Ether or Chloroform, or prevent the Sale or Possession of any Sulphuric Ether or Chloroform: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Power of the Commissioners of Inland Ke venue to allow Methylated Spirit to be used by such Persons as they may authorize in such Branches of the Arts and Manufactures of the United Kingdom as the said Commissioners may sanction or approve.

9. If any Person shall, after any Methylated Spirit shall No Alteration have been mixed with Gum Eesin for forming the Mixture ^FinSf^niade known as " Finish," or any like Mixture, separate the Gum from Methy-Eesin from the said Methylated Spirit, or alter the said lated Spirit. Mixture in any Manner except by adding thereto a further Quantity of Gum Eesin, or any Article for the sole Purpose of colouring the same, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the said Spirit and Mixture respectively so separated or altered as aforesaid shall be forfeited, together with the Vessels or other Packages containing the same.

10. If any Carriage, having fixed or placed thereon a Penalty on the numbered Plate provided by the Commissioners of Inland Hadtne°Car-Revenue for a Hackney Carriage not authorized by Licence to riages not li-be used on Sundays, shall be used on any Sunday for the censed to be Purpose of standing or plying for Hire as a Hackney Carriage

within the Metropolitan Police District or the City of London, same on Sun-such Carriage shall be deemed to be a Carriage not having the days. proper Stamp Office Plate fixed thereon, and the Driver of such Carriage or other Person plying for Hire therewith, or having the Care thereof, shall forfeit Five Pounds, and if such Driver or other Person shall be the Proprietor or Owner of such Carriage he shall forfeit Ten Pounds; and such Pro- ?rgCeecetdi23Sof ceedings as are prescribed in the Twenty-third Section of the W 2°w. 4. Act of the First and Second William the Fourth, Chapter c. 22. Twenty-two, shall be had and taken against such Driver or other Person for the Recovery of the said Penalties respectively, and the same Directions shall be observed with respect to such Carriage, and the Horse or Horses harnessed thereto or drawing the same, and the Harness used therewith, and generally as are given and contained in the said Section with respect to the Carriage, Horse or Horses, and Harness therein mentioned, and otherwise.

Penalty on Persons hawking Goods without Licence in the United Kingdom,

Sect. 7. of 50 G. 3. c. 41. prohibiting Hawkers from selling Goods by Auction repealed.

Hawkers Licences to expire on 31st March in every Year,

Cap. 64. Inland Revenue. 29 & 30 Vict.

U, c Whereas it is expedient to impose an uniform Penalty throughout the United Kingdom upon Persons hawking Goods without Licence P Be it enacted, That if any Person shall, in the United Kingdom, trade or do any other Act for which such Person is required by the Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively to be licensed as a Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, without having a proper Licence in that Behalf, or if any Person who shall trade or do any such other Act as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to produce to any Person who shall demand the same a proper Licence granted to him as a Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, and then in force, he shall forfeit the Penalty of Ten Pounds, which shall be an Excise Penalty, and be over and above any other Penalty to which such Person may be liable to under any Act now in force; and it shall be lawful for any Person to seize and detain the Offender, and to deliver him to any Officer of Excise, or to any Constable or Police Officer, who is hereby required to take such Offender before a Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, and such Justice shall, on the Confession of the Party, or upon due Proof on Oath made of the Offence, convict such Offender in the Penalty aforesaid, or in some mitigated Amount not less than One Fourth Part thereof; and if the Penalty imposed be not immediately paid the Justice shall, by Warrant under his Hand, commit the Offender to Hard Labour in the House of Correction for the said County or Place for the Space of One Calendar Month (to be reckoned from the Day of the Commitment), unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that where the Person offending shall not be detained and proceeded against in the Manner herein directed the said Penalty of Ten Pounds may be recovered by Information in the same Manner as any other Excise Penalty.

12. ' Whereas by the Seventh Section of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, c Chapter Forty-one, Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and f other trading Persons therein mentioned are prohibited from ' selling Goods, Wares, or Merchandise by any Mode of Sale c by Auction at any Place in which they are not Householders, c or which is not an usual Place of their Abode, and it is c expedient to remove such Restriction P Be it enacted, That the said Prohibition shall be and the same is hereby repealed, so far as regards the selling by Auction by any trading or other Person duly licensed as an Auctioneer.

13. From and after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, every Licence which shall be granted in the United Kingdom to a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman shall expire on the Thirty-first Day of Mai'ch next following the Grant of such Licence; provided that it shall be lawful to grant a Licence to a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman after the Thirtieth Day of September

One

1866.

Inland Revenue.

447

Cap. 64.

One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six for a Period not exceeding Six Months* on Payment of One Half only of the Amount payable for a yearly Licence* and such half-yearly Licence shall continue in force until the Thirty-first Day of March or the Thirtieth Day of September* whichever shall next follow the Day of granting the same.

14. It shall be lawful to grant to any Person who shall be

the Holder of a Hawker's Licence expiring on the Thirty-first Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven a renewed Licence* to expire on the Thirty-first Lay of March or the Thirtieth Day of September then next following* upon Payment of a proportionate Part of the Duty payable upon a yearly Licence for Two Months or Eight Months* as the Case may be; and it shall also be lawful to

grant to any Person who shall be the Holder of a Hawker's

Licence expiring on the Thirty-first Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven a renewed

Licence* which shall be made to expire on the Thirty-first Day of March then next following, upon Payment of a proportionate Part of the Duty payable upon a yearly Licence for Eight Months; and it shall also be lawful to grant to any Person who shall be the Holder of a Hawker's Licence in Ireland expiring on the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven a renewed

Licence, to expire on the Thirty-first Day of March then next following, on Payment of a proportionate Part of the Duty upon a yearly Licence for Three Months.

15. The Drawback now payable on Gold Plate and Silver Plate of British Manufacture exported from Great Britain, or of Irish Manufacture exported from Ireland, shall* in like Manner and upon the same Terms and Conditions* be paid on Gold Plate and Silver Plate of British Manufacture exported from Ireland or of Irish Manufacture exported from England; and the Bond or Security required by Law to be given by the Exporter of any such Plate from Great Britain or Ireland shall contain a Condition that the Plate so exported shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part _of the United Kingdom.

16. ' Whereas by the Acts of Parliament establishing the c Courts of Probate in England and Ireland respectively the Jurisdiction and Authority of all Ecclesiastical Courts in

Matters and Causes Testamentary were vested in Her Majesty* to be exercised in Her Name in the said Courts of c Probate: And whereas before and at the Time appointed for the Commencement of the said Acts respectively all Letters

or Powers of Attorney and Proxies filed in any Ecclesiastical c Court in England or Ireland were by Law exempt from Stamp e Duty: And w'hereas Doubts have arisen whether the said

Exemption from Stamp Duty extends to Letters or Powers

of Attorney or Proxies filed in the said Courts of Probate Be it enacted and declared* That all Letters or Powers of

Provision for Renewal of Hawker's Licences granted before Alteration in Time of Expiration.

As to Drawback on Exportation of Plate from the United Kingdom.

20 & 21 Vict. cc. 77, 79.

Letters of Attorney and Proxies filed in the Probate Courts declared

448

exempt from Stamp Duty.

After Assessments allowed Surveyor to certify Increases thereto.

A Penalty for Neglect in delivering List or Declaration may he imposed by Commissioners.

56 G. 3. c. 68.

Cap. 64, 6o. Inland Revenue. 29 & 30 Vict.

Attorney and Proxies filed or to be filed in the said Courts of Probate respectively shall be deemed to have been and to be exempt from all Stamp Duty.

17. If after the Commissioners executing the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes have signed and allowed any Assessments of the said Duties for any Year, the Surveyor or Inspector shall discover upon his Survey or Examination, or otherwise, that any Assessment is not such as to charge or to fully charge any House, Person, Article, Matter, or Thing with the Duty which ought to be charged in respect thereof under the said Acts, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Inspector at any Time within the Year to which the Assessment relates to charge in respect of such* House, Person, Article, Matter, or Thing the full Amount of single Duty by which the Assessment ought to be increased; and such Charge shall be certified, determined, and recovered in the Manner provided by the said Acts in relation to Surcharges.

18. If any Person who, under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, ought to deliver any List or Declaration, shall refuse or neglect so to do within the Time limited by any general or particular Notice affixed or delivered in pursuance of the said Acts, or shall under any Pretence wilfully delay the Delivery thereof, and if Information thereof shall be given and Proceedings thereupon shall be had before the Commissioners for executing the said Acts, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and treble the Duty at which he ought to be charged by virtue of the said Acts, such Penalty and Duties to be recovered as any like Penalty and Duties are recoverable under the said Acts.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Colonial Branch Mints a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

(Chapter Sixty-eight, intituled An Act to provide for a new Silver 6 Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver 6 Coins of this Realm, it is amongst other things provided,

that after the Date of the passing of that Act the Gold Coin f of the Realm should be the only legal Tender for Payments

(except the Silver Coin of the Realm to the Extent of Forty c Shillings) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 6 Ireland:

6 And whereas by the same Act it is declared, that the Gold ' Coin of the Realm should hold such Weight and Fineness e as are prescribed by an Indenture therein referred to, and

inndf *

1866. Colonial Branch Mints. Cap. 65. 449

made with His Majesty's Master and Worker of the Mint for making Gold Monies at His Majesty's Mint in London,

(and with such Allowance called the Remedy as is given to c the said Master by the said Indenture, which Weight and c Fineness are by the said Act declared to be the Standard of the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, so far as relates to the f Gold Coins of the Denominations in use at the Time of the passing of the said Act, and specified in the said Inden-c ture:

f And whereas Gold Coins of the Weight and Fineness f and of the Denominations mentioned in the said Act and f specified in the said Indenture, have from the Date of the ' said Act up to the present Time continued to be issued from Her Majesty's Mint in London, and to be a legal f Tender for Payments as well in the United Kingdom as in c divers of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad:

And whereas Her Majesty by Proclamation hath established or may hereafter establish in divers of Her Majesty's ' said Possessions Branches of the Royal Mint, for making Gold c Coins of the same Weight and Fineness and of the same Denominations as the Gold Coin issued by Her Majesty's ' Mint in London, and it is expedient that Power should be ' given to Her Majesty to declare the Gold Coin so made and issued by such Colonial Branch Mints a legal Tender for c Payments in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which c Gold Coin issued from Her Majesty's Mint in London may from Time to Time be a legal Tender: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, Power to by Proclamation issued with the Advice of Her Privy Council, ^err^y to declare that for such Period and subject to such Condi- Goi^Colns tions as may be specified in such Proclamation, Gold Coins made made at the at any such Colonial Branch Mint, of Designs approved by

Her Majesty, and being of the same Weight and Fineness as fn UnHecT are required by Law with respect to Gold Coins of the same Kingdom and Denominations made at Her Majesty's Mint in London, are to Colonies, be a legal Tender for Payments within any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions to be specified in such Proclamation in which Gold Coins issued from Her Majesty's Mint in London shall at the Date of the Issue of such Proclamation be a legal Tender, and upon such Proclamation being issued Gold Coins made of such Designs, and being of such Weight and Fineness as aforesaid, shall be a legal Tender for Payments accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Proclamation Power to issued with such Advice as aforesaid, from Time to Time to impose on the Coinage of Gold at any such Branch Colonial chargeo^ Mint as aforesaid a Charge sufficient to defray the Expenses coining Gold, of Coinage over and above the Expenses of Assay and Refining;

450

Power to revoke Proclamation.

[Short Title.]

The Poor Law Board may set out the Boundaries of the Extra-parochial Lands in the New Forest, Bo Rian's Land, and adjoining Parishes.

The Poor Law Board may, with Consent, &c., divide the Extra-parochial Lands into Townships, and Justices having Jurisdiction may appoint Overseers.

Cap. 65, 66. Colonial Branch Mints, 29 & 30 VICT.

fining; and it shall be incumbent on the Deputy Master of any such Mint to coin Gold at the Charge so imposed.

3. Any Proclamation issued under Authority of this Act may be revoked by Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council.

4. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Colonial Branch Mint Act, 1866."

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the New Forest, [6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS a great Portion of Her Majesty's Forest 6 situated in the County of Southampton termed the

Neio Forest is reputed to be extra-parochial, but by reason of ' its great Extent and the Peculiarity of its Form the Enactments of the Statute passed in the Twentieth Year of the f Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Nineteen, cannot be carried into execution therein; and it is expedient that Provisions should be made for the Division thereof and other f dealing therewith, and with other Places included therein or f adjoining thereto, so that such Enactments may be rendered available therein Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Poor Law Board may, as and when they shall think fit, ascertain and by Order under their Seal set out and fix the Boundaries of the Extra-parochial or reputed Extra-parochial Lands within Her Majesty's Neio Forest aforesaid, and of certain other Extra-parochial or reputed Extra-parochial Lands called No Man's Land, and of any Parish or Place heretofore maintaining its own Poor, which may be situated within the said Lands or may adjoin or abut on the same or any Part thereof, or such Part of the said Boundaries as the Poor Law Board shall think fit, so far as such Boundaries fall within or abut upon the said Forest only; and after the said Boundaries shall have been so ascertained, set out, and fixed the same shall be and be deemed to be the Boundaries of the said Lands and the said Parishes and Places.

2. The Poor Law Board may, if they think fit, divide the said Lands or Parts thereof into Portions or Districts of such Extent respectively and bounded in such Manner as they shall deem most convenient, and, with the Consent of the Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests and Land Revenues for the Time being in charge of the said Forest, by their Order declare that each of such Portions or Districts shall thenceforth for all the Purposes mentioned in the First Section of the said Act be a Township, and shall be designated by such Name as the Poor Law Board shall in such Order direct, and the

1866.

451

New Forest Poor Relief. Cap. 66.

same shall thenceforth be a Township separately maintaining its own Poor, and shall be designated by such Name as aforesaid; and the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction over such Portion or District or over the greater Part thereof shall appoint Overseers of the Poor therein.

3. The Poor Law Board may, if they think fit, with such Consent as aforesaid, by Order under their Seal direct that such Part of the said Lands as shall not be included in any such Townships shall be annexed for the Purposes aforesaid to any existing Parish or Place for which a separate Poor Pate shall or can be made, within or adjoining to the said Forest, in Portions of such Extent and bounded in such Manner and upon such Conditions and subject to such Provisions as the Poor Law Board shall think fit, and shall submit the same to the Court of Quarter Sessions of the County in which the Piece of Land to which the Order applies shall be situated, and such Court shall hear any Objections on behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or of the Vestry of the Parish interested in the same, and either confirm the Order or alter it, as they shall see fit, and thenceforth the said Portions shall be dealt with according to the Order of the Quarter Sessions.

4. If in any such Township so to be formed as aforesaid it shall appear to the Justices that Two Overseers cannot conveniently be appointed from the Inhabitant Householders thereof, "or are not required for such Township, such Justices may appoint One only; and if it shall appear to them that there is no such Householder liable or fit to be appointed, they shall appoint some Inhabitant of an adjoining Parish or Place willing to serve to be such Overseer, either with or without an annual Salary, such Salary, if any, to be approved by the Poor Law Board, and to be paid out of the Poor Pate of such Township; and such last-mentioned Appointment shall endure until the usual Time of the Appointment of Overseers, and may be renewed from Year to Year as long as the Justices shall find necessary.

5. If any such Township shall be added to any Union, the Overseer or Overseers thereof shall act as the Guardian or Guardians of such Township as the Board of Guardians of such Union until there shall be Ratepayers thereof qualified to elect a Guardian: Provided that if the Poor Law Board shall direct One Guardian only to be appointed for any such Township, and there shall be Two Overseers appointed for the same, the Overseer first appointed or whose Name shall stand first in the Warrant of Appointment shall act as such Guardian, and in the Case of his Decease or Incapacity during the Year of Office the other Overseer shall thenceforth act as such Guardian: Provided also, that no such paid Overseer as aforesaid shall be authorized to act as a Guardian.

6. The Overseers or Overseer appointed under the Authority of this Act shall have all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Exemptions, and Protections which Overseers now or hereafter

shall

The Poor Law Board may, with the Consent of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods and Forests, annex Extra-parochial Lands not included in Townships to adjoining Parishes.

One Overseer only may be appointed by the Justices.

Overseers may act as Guardians until there be Rate* payers qualified to elect.

All Powers, &c. of Overseers extended to Overseers

appointed under this Act.

Powers relating to Examination of Witnesses, &c. extended to this Act.

Terms used in this Act to be construed as in 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 76, &c.

Saving Rights of the Crown.

Short Title,

Short Title,

" Governor."

On Proclamation of this Act in British Columbia, Vancouver Island united therewith.

As to Government of the United Colony.

Cap. 66, 67. New Forest Poor Relief. 29 & 30 VICT.

shall possess, and shall be subject to all the Obligations, Responsibilities, Penalties, and Consequences which Overseers are now or may hereafter be liable to.

7. The Powers, Provisions, and Authorities contained in the Eleventh and Twenty-first Sections respectively of the One hundred and ninth Chapter of the Statute passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty relating to the summoning and examining of Witnesses and the requiring and enforcing the Production of Returns and other Documents therein mentioned shall extend and be applicable to the Proceedings under this Act.

8. The Words used in this Act shall be construed in the like Manner as in the Seventy-sixth Chapter of the Statute passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, and the Provisions contained therein and in the subsequent Acts explaining and extending the same, and not repealed, shall so far as they shall be consistent herewith, be extended to this Act.

9. Saving always to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Prerogative, and Benefit, as She or They had or enjoyed or could or might have had or enjoyed in, to, or out of or in respect of the said Extra-parochial Lands, Parishes, Townships, and Places in case this Act had not passed.

10. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Neiv Forest Poor Act."

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the Union of the Colony of Vancouver Island with the Colony of British Columbia.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The British Columbia Act, 1866.

2. In this Act the Term " Governor" means any Officer for the Time being lawfully administering the Government.

3. From and immediately after the Proclamation of this Act by the Governor of British Columbia, the Colony of Vancouver Island shall be and the same is hereby united with the Colony of British Columbia, and thenceforth those Two Colonies shall form and be One Colony, with the Name of British Columbia (which Union is in this Act referred to as the Union).

4. On the Union taking effect, the Form of Government existing in Vancouver Island as a separate Colony shall cease, and the Power and Authority of the Executive Government and of the Legislature existing in British Columbia shall extend to and over Vancouver Island; but in order that Provision may be made for the Representation of Vancouver Island in

the

1866. British Columbia. Cap. 66. 453

the Legislature of British Columbia after the Union, the maximum Number of Councillors in the Legislative Council of British Columbia after the Union shall* until it is otherwise provided by lawful Authority* be Twenty-three instead of Fifteen.

5. After and notwithstanding the Union the Laws in force Laws of the

in the separate Colonies of British Columbia and Vancouver separate Island respectively at the Time of the Union taking effect shall, continue ex-until it is otherwise provided by lawful Authority, remain in cept as to force as if this Act had not been passed or proclaimed; save of

only that the Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs in force

in British Columbia at the Time of the Union taking effect shall, until it is otherwise provided by lawful Authority, extend and apply to Vancouver Island; and, until it is otherwise provided by lawful Authority* the Governor of British Columbia shall have, in relation to the Territory for the Time being under his Government* all the Powers and Authorities for the Time being vested, in relation to the United Kingdom, in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or in the Commissioners of Customs, with respect to the Appointment of Warehousing Ports* and the Approval and Appointment of Warehouses or Places of Security in such Ports* and everything consequent thereon or relative thereto.

6. Nothing in this Act shall take away or restrict the Nothing to Authority of the Governor of British Columbia, with the Advice

and Consent of the Legislative Council thereof, to make Laws nor, &c. for the Peace* Order* and good Government of British Columbia either before or after the Union; nor shall anything in this Act interfere with the Exercise of any Power that would have been exerciseable by Her Majesty in Council if this Act had not been passed.

7. Until the Union British Columbia shall comprise all such Boundaries

Territories within the Dominions of Her Majesty as are bounded until

to the South by the Territories of the United States of America, Union.

to the West by the Pacific Ocean and the Frontier of the Russian Territories in North America* to the North by the Sixtieth Parallel of North Latitude* and to the East from the Boundary of the United States Northwards by the Rocky Mountains and the One hundred and twentieth Meridian of West Longitude* and shall include Queen Charlottes Island and all other Islands adjacent to the said Territories* except Vancouver Island and the Islands adjacent thereto.

8. After the Union British Columbia shall comprise all the

Territories and Islands aforesaid and Vancouver Island and the Columbia after Islands adjacent thereto. Union.

9. The Acts described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby Acts in Sche-repealed; but this Repeal shall not invalidate any Order in dule repealed. Council or other Instrument issued under the Authority of those

Acts or either of them* or any Act done or Right or Title acquired by virtue of those Acts or of either of them or of any such Order or Instrument.

ScnE-

4, 54

Cap. 67, 68.

British Columbia.

SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

29 & 30 VICT.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 99. - An Act to provide for the Government of British Columbia.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to define the Boundaries of the Colony of British Columbia, and to continue an Act to provide for the Government of the said Colony.

Interpretation of Terms.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the granting of Pensions and Superannuation Allowances to Persons holding certain Offices connected with the Administration of Justice in England.

WHEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament Power is given (to the Lord Chancellor to order Retiring Allowances

to be paid, under certain Circumstances and upon certain

Conditions, to Persons holding various Offices in the Courts c of Chancery and in Bankruptcy and Lunacy respectively:

And whereas it is expedient to extend that Power, and to make further Provision for the granting Retiring Allowances ' to Persons holding Offices connected with the Adminis-

tration of Justice in England ?

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Term " Officer " in this Act shall extend to and mean any Person holding any Office in or connected with the Court of Chancery, or in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, or in or in any Manner connected with any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and who, under any Act now in force, may, on Retirement, claim a Superannuation Allowance as herein-after defined, and the same Term shall also extend to and include every Person holding any Appointment in any public Office whatever to whom the Lord Chancellor has or shall have Authority to order any Superannuation Allowance to be paid:

The Term " Superannuation Allowance " shall extend to and mean every Kind of Pension or Annuity which, under any Act of Parliament now in force or to be hereafter passed, the Lord Chancellor has or shall have Authority to order to be paid, or which the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have or shall have Authority to appoint or direct to be paid, to any such Officer as aforesaid:

The

1866. Pensions. Cap. 68. 455

The Expression "Lord Chancellor" shall mean and include the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain and the Lord Keeper or-Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being.

2. From and after the passing of this Act, on the Retirement Applications

or Removal of any Officer afflicted with any permanent Infir- xLretiri?g. mity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, or madetothe6 otherwise in a Condition to claim Superannuation Allowance Lord Chan-on Retirement, such Officer, or in case of his Inability to act.

for himself then any Person on his Behalf, may make Appli- thesa^tc^e cation by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, setting forth his Treasury to Service and Emoluments, in such Form and with such Par- examine and

award

ticulars as the Lord Chancellor shall direct; and the Lord Chancellor, if he shall think fit to approve of such Application, shall transmit the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their Examination and Award; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon proceed to inquire into the Claim of such Officer to Superannuation Allowance, and, if he shall appear to be entitled thereto, shall award to him such Superannuation Allowance as shall be properly payable.

If such Superannuation Allowance is payable out of Monies voted by Parliament, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct the Payment thereof.

If it is payable out of any Fund in Chancery, Bankruptcy, Lord Chan-or Lunacy, or any other Fund under the Control and Ad* ^ellor to dl*ect ministration of the Lord Chancellor, a Certificate shall be payablTout of transmitted by the said Commissioners to the Lord Chancellor, Funds under to the Effect that Proof has been given to their Satisfaction his Control, that the Conditions required by Law to enable the Lord Chancellor to grant such Superannuation have been duly fulfilled, and setting forth the Amount awarded, whereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to order Payment to be made accordingly.

3. In ascertaining and awarding the Amount of such Super- Mode of annuation Allowance, as regards any Officer who may have determining entered the Public Service before the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall have regard to any special Provisions ance> which may be contained in any Act with reference to the Office held by such Officer, and subject to any such special Provisions they may take into consideration the whole Period during which such Person shall have been employed in any Office or Situation connected in any way with the Public Service, whether the same shall have been in One only or in more than One Branch or Department; and as regards all Officers hereafter to be appointed, the said Commissioners shall proceed according to the Principles laid down in the Act passed in the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and consoli- 4 & 5 W. 4. date the Law regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allow- c- 24-.. ances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service, as amended by the Act passed in

22 Vict. c. 26.

Lord Chancellor may declare Offices to be professional, and with Consent of Treasury to add Years to Services.

Superannuation Allowances to be subject to Provisions of 22 Vict. c. 26.

Officers entitled to Superannuation before passing of this Act not to be affected.

Cap. 68. Pensions. 29 & 30 Vict.

in the Session of the Twenty-second Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Lazos concerning Superannuation and other Allowances to Persons having held Offices in the Public Service.

4. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to declare by Writing under his Hand, with respect to any such Office or Appointment as aforesaid, that the same is an Office or Appointment for the due and efficient Discharge of the Duties of which Professional or other peculiar Qualifications, not ordinarily to be acquired in the Public Service, are required, and that it is in the Interest of the Public that Persons shall be appointed thereto at an Age exceeding that at which Public Service ordinarily begins; and further, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to order and direct that when any Person now holding or to be hereafter appointed to such Office or Appointment, or any of such Class of Officers, shall retire from Public Service, a Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty, to be specified in such Order, shall, in computing the Amount of Superannuation Allowance which may be granted to him, be added to the Number of Years during which he may have actually served, and such Order shall have the same Effect, and shall be acted upon for the Purpose of ascertaining and awarding the Amount of such Superannuation Allowance as aforesaid, in the same Manner in all respects as if a like Declaration had been made by any Order or Warrant of the said Commissioners of the Treasury under the Provisions contained in Section Four of the cc Superannuation Act, 1859."

5. From and after the Time when any such Superannuation Allowance shall have been so ascertained and awarded as aforesaid, all the Provisions of the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, as amended by the said *f Superannuation Act, 1859," respectively, with respect to any Superannuation Allowances which may have been granted under the said Acts, and to the Persons entitled to receive such Superannuation Allowances, shall be applicable to the Superannuation Allowances so ascertained and awarded as aforesaid, and to the Persons entitled to receive the same, subject nevertheless to the special Provisions of this Act.

6. Nothing in this Act contained shall restrict, abridge, or qualify the Right of any Officer who shall have entered the Public Service before the passing of this Act to any Superannuation Allowance which, under the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force, such Officer might have been entitled to if this Act had not passed; nor shall any such Officer as last aforesaid be subject, after any Superannuation Allowance shall have been awarded to him, except by his own Consent in Writing for that Purpose given, to any of the Provisions contained in the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, as amended by the said " Superannuation Act, 1859," to which he would not have been subject if this Act had not passed.

7. Nothing

1866. Pensions. Cap. 68, 69.

7. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Power conferred upon the Lord Chancellor "by the Forty "Seventh Section of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, so far as it empowers the Lord Chancellor to remove any Officer or Person who shall be afflicted with any Infirmity which shall disable him from the due Execution of his Office, and who shall refuse to resign or shall become incapable of resigning the same.

8. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Power conferred on the Lord Chancellor by the Thirteenth Section of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Proceedings under Commissions of Lunacy, and the Consolidation and Amendment of the Acts respecting Lunatics so found by Inquisition, and their Estates, so far as it empowers the Lord Chancellor to remove any Master in Lunacy who shall be afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, and who shall refuse to resign or shall be incapable of resigning the same.

9. Save as herein-before provided, this Act shall apply as well to all Officers who have already entered the Public Service as to those who may hereafter enter the Public Service; and all Acts of Parliament now in force, by virtue of which any such Superannuation Allowances as aforesaid may be granted, shall henceforth be construed and take effect subject to the Provisions of this Act.

10. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as The Superannuation Act, 1866."

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law with respect to the Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Goods or Article commonly known as Nitro-Glycerine or Glonoine Oil shall be deemed to be specially dangerous within the Meaning of this Act.

2. Her Majesty may from Time to Time, by Order in Council, declare that any Goods named in any such Order (other than Nitro-Glycerine or Glonoine Oil) are to be deemed specially dangerous within the Meaning of this Act; and may from Time to Time amend or repeal any such Order; and any Goods which are by any such Order declared to be specially

457

Act not to affect Power of Lord Chancellor as conferred by Sect. 47. of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 87.

Act not to affect Power of Lord Chancellor as conferred by Sect. 13. of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 70.

Save as aforesaid, Act to apply to present and future Officers.

[Short Title.]

Nitro-Gly-cerine to be deemed dangerous.

Other Goods may be declared so by Order in Council.

458

Such Goods to he marked, and Notice to he given of their Character.

Provision for Case of Absence of Knowledge of Nature of Goods.

As to Forfeiture of such Goods.

Warehouse Owners, &c. not hound to receive such Goods.

Interpretation of " Owner " and " Carrier."

Application of 25 & 26 Vict.

Cap. 69. Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods. 29 & 30 VICT.

dangerous shall* so long as such Order is in force* be deemed to be specially dangerous within the Meaning of this Act.

3. No Person shall deliver any Goods which are specially dangerous to any Warehouse Owner or Carrier, or send or carry or cause to be sent or carried any such Goods upon any Railway or in any Ship to or from any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any other public Conveyance* or deposit any such Goods in or on any Warehouse or Quay* unless the true Name or Description of such Goods, with the Addition of the Words specially dangerous, is distinctly written, printed* or marked on the Outside of the Package* nor jin the Case of Delivery to or Deposit with any Warehouse Owner or Carrier, without also giving Notice in Writing to him of the Name or Description of such Goods* and of their being specially dangerous. And any Person who commits a Breach of this Enactment shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, or at the Discretion of the Court to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour* for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

4. Provided always, as follows:

(1.) Any Person convicted of a Breach of the last foregoing Enactment shall not be liable to Imprisonment, or to a Penalty of more than Two hundred Pounds* if he shows to the Satisfaction of the Court and Jury before whom he is convicted that he did not know the Nature of the Goods to which the Indictment relates:

(2.) Any Person accused of having committed a Breach of the said Enactment shall not be liable to be convicted thereof if he shows to the Satisfaction of the Court and Jury before whom he is tried that he did not know the Nature of the Goods to which the Indictment relates* and that he could not* with reasonable Diligence, have obtained such Knowledge.

5. Where Goods are delivered, sent, carried, or deposited in contravention of the said Enactment the same shall be forfeited, and shall be disposed of in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or (in case of Importation) the Commissioners of Customs direct, whether any Person is liable to be convicted of a Breach of the said Enactment or not.

6. No Warehouse Owner or Carrier shall be bound to receive or carry any Goods which are specially dangerous.

7. In construing this Act the Term Warehouse Owner shall include all Persons or Bodies of Persons owning or managing any Warehouse* Store, Quay, or other Premises in which Goods are deposited; and the Word Carrier shall include all Persons or Bodies of Persons carrying Goods or Passengers for Hire by Land or Water.

8. The Act of the Session of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign* Chapter Sixty-six* for

" the

1866. Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods. Cap. 69, 70. 459

" the safe keeping of Petroleum," is hereby extended and applied c. 66. to Nitro-to Nitro-Glycerine, and that Act shall be read and have effect Glycerine, as if throughout its Provisions Nitro-Glycerine had been mentioned in addition to Petroleum; save that so much of the said Act as specifies the maximum Quantity of Petroleum to be kept as therein mentioned without a Licence shall not apply in the Case of Nitro-Glycerine, and any Quantity whatever of Nitro-Glycerine shall be deemed to be subject to the Provisions of the said Act.

9. The said Act of the Session of the Twenty-fifth and Application Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign is also hereby Act tVother extended and applied to any Substance for the Time being Substances, declared by any Order in Council under this Act to be specially dangerous, and that Act shall be read and have effect as if throughout its Provisions the Substance to which such Order

in Council relates had been mentioned in addition to Petroleum]; save that the Quantity of such Substance which it shall not be lawful to keep as in the said Act mentioned without a Licence shall, instead of the Quantity specified in relation to Petroleum in the said Act, be such Quantity as is specified in that Behalf in relation to any such Substance in any such Order in Council.

10. This Act may be cited as The Carriage and Deposit Short Title, of dangerous Goods Act, 1866.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land to certain Portions of the Forest of Dean called TFalmore Common and The Bearce Common, and for authorizing Allotments in lieu of the Eorestal Lights of Her Majesty in and over such Commons.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Thirteenth Section of the Act of the f Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present

Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen, commonly called The General Inclosure Act of 1845, it was enacted that no f Part of the New Forest in the County of Southampton or of the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester should be Land subject to be inclosed thereunder:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Section, so far as c regards certain Portions of the said Forest of Dean called c Walmore Common in the Parish of Westbury on Severn, and c The Bearce Common in the Parish of Saint Briavels, should f be repealed, and that the Inclosure Commissioners for England 6 and Wales should be empowered to make such Allotment or ' Inclosure of the same Commons as is herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

Sect. 13. of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. repealed so far as relates to Walmore and Bearce Commons.

Inclosure Commissioners to appoint Valuer and fix his Remuneration.

Valuer to ascertain the Boundaries of the Commons and ascertain and settle Claims, and to make an Allotment to Her Majesty.

Commissioners of W oods may dispose of Crown Allotment.

Cap. 70. Dean Forest {Walmore, , fyc. c. Commons). 29 & 30 VICT.

Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. The said Thirteenth Section of the said General Inclosure Act of 1845 shall* so far as relates to the said Walmore Common and Bearce Common* be repealed; and the said General Inclosure Act and all the other Acts for the Inclosure* Exchange* and Improvement of Land* and all other Acts of Parliament whatsoever* shall and may be read and acted on as though the said Commons had not been included in the said Thirteenth Section of the said first-mentioned Act.

2. With respect to each of the said Commons* it shall be lawful for the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales* if they shall think fit, on the Request of the Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods* Forests* and Land Revenues for the Time being having charge of the said Forest of Dean, and without any Request or Consent of any other Person* to appoint some competent Land Surveyor to act as Valuer for the Purposes of this Act* and to fix the Amount of Remuneration to be paid to such Valuer; and such Valuer shall forthwith apply to the said Commissioners to ascertain the Boundaries of such Commons* and shall proceed to ascertain and determine the Persons interested therein and all Claims relating thereto; and he shall allot and award in manner prescribed by the said Acts for the Inclosure* Exchange* and Improvement of Land* or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of* unto Her Majesty* Her Heirs and Successors* so much of such Common* together with all such Roads and Ways* Drains and Embankments* as shall be necessary for the Use and Enjoyment and Protection of the Land so allotted and awarded as shall be a just Equivalent (Quantity and Value considered) for all the Estate and Forestal and other Rights of Her Majesty* Her Heirs or Successors* in* to* or out of such Common* and for the Expenses of such Allotment and Award (which are to be defrayed out of the Revenues of the said Forest of Dean as herein-after mentioned)* such Rights nevertheless to be estimated exclusively of the Rights and Interests of Her Majesty* Her Heirs and Successors* in and to the Mines and Minerals in or under such Common; and the Land so allotted and awarded shall from and after the Completion of the Award in manner prescribed by the said Acts for the Inclosure* Exchange* and Improvement of Land be disafforested and remain vested in Her Majesty* Her Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged from all Rights of Common and other Rights whatsoever* save and except the lawful Rights of Free Miners in the Forest of Dean and Hundred of Saint Briavels and those claiming under them to existing or future Gales of Coal or Iron (if any) in or under the same.

3. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods* Forests* and Land Revenues to sell, exchange* or otherwise dispose of and to convey the Lands so allotted or any Part of the same* if and as they shall think fit* and to exercise the same

1866.

461

Dean Forest (Walmore, &c. Commons), Cap. 70, 71-

same Powers over and in respect of the same as they are or may be authorized by Law to exercise over other Lands belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown not being Part or Parcel of any Royal Forest, Park, or Chase in England.

4. From and after the Completion of any such Allotment and ^o^dis Award the Residue of the Common out of which such Allotment forested, shall have been made shall be disafforested, but shall remain

subject to all the same Rights, Estates, and Privileges as the whole of the same Common was subject to prior to such Allotment and Award, except such Estate and Forestal and other Rights of Her Majesty as by such Award shall be declared to be extinguished; and the said Award shall for all Purposes be conclusive as to the Persons entitled to any such Rights, Estates, or Privileges, except as to Rights or Privileges to or regarding Mines and Minerals; and the Soil of such Residue shall vest in Fee Simple in such Trustees as the said Inclosure Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Seal, from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, nevertheless in trhst for the Persons entitled thereto or interested therein, according to the Provisions of this Act.

5. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Commissioners and Land Revenues shall defray all the Expenses of any such Senses out Allotment and Award as aforesaid out of any Moneys in their 0fKevenuesof Hands forming Part of the Revenues of the said Forest of Dean. Forest of Dean.

6. The Special Powers herein contained shall not be deemed Special Powers to alter or affect the ordinary Powers of the said Inclosure no*to affect Commissioners for England and Wales to inclose the Entirety powers to

of the said respective Commons under the said Acts for the inclose, &c. Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land and this Act.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to facilitate the letting on Lease, feuing, or selling Glebe Lands in Scotland.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Power should be given

* to grant Leases or Feus of Glebe Lands, or Portions thereof, in Scotland, or to sell the same in maimer after

mentioned

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; viz.,

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act, 1866."

2. In this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Interpretation

Context repugnant to such Construction, — of Terms.

The Word " Minister" shall mean the Minister of any Parish in Scotland for the Time who shall be in possession of a Glebe:

The

Qq 3

462

Cap. 71. Glebe Lands (Scotland). 29 & 30 VICT.

The Word "Presbytery" shall mean the Presbytery within the Bounds of which such Parish is situated:

The Word " Heritor>9 shall mean the Proprietor of any Lands within such Parish to the Extent of at least One hundred Pounds of Beal Kent from Land yearly appearing in the Valuation Boll of the County within which such Parish is situated:

The Word " Glebe" shall mean the Lands appropriated to the Minister as his Glebe, and any additional Lands settled in perpetuity on the Minister for the Time being, and enjoyed by him along with his Glebe:

The Word " Court" shall mean the Court of Session as Commissioners for the Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds.

Power to grant Leases not exceeding Eleven Years.

Power to sell Servitudes or Right of Pasturage.

Application to Court to grant Peus.

3. A Minister may, with Consent and Approval of the Heritors and the Presbytery, grant a Lease or Leases of his Glebe, or any Part or Parts thereof, reserving for the Use of the Minister not less than Five Imperial Acres nearest and most convenient to the Manse, which shall be marked out by the Heritors and the Presbytery, for any Term not exceeding Eleven Years, for such yearly Bent or Bents, and upon such Condition or Conditions, as shall be approved of by the Heritors and the Presbytery, but without any Foregift or Grassum, and under the special Condition, if the said reserved Five Acres be included in the said Lease, that such Lease, in so far as they are concerned, shall cease and determine at the First Term of Martinmas Six Months after the Death, Deprivation, Resignation, or Translation of the Minister of the Parish; such Consent and Approval of the Heritors and the Presbytery to be signified by a Certificate written on the Lease or Leases, and signed by the Clerk to the Heritors and by the Moderator and Clerk of such Presbytery; and the Bent or Bents payable under such Lease or Leases shall be paid and belong to the Minister.

4. A Minister may, with Consent of the Presbytery and Heritors, sell or dispose of, for such fixed annual Payment in Grain or in Money as may be agreed on, any Servitude or Bight of Pasturage over any Lands, which Servitude or Bight of Pasturage is possessed by him as Minister of the Parish: Provided always, that if the Proprietor of the Lands over which such Servitude or Bight of Pasturage exists elect to purchase it absolutely, the Purchase Money shall be invested at the Sight of the Heritors and Presbytery on such Securities and in such Manner as the Court of Teinds shall direct, and the Interests and Proceeds only shall be paid to the Minister.

5. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Minister may from Time to Time, with the Consent of the Presbytery and of the Heritors as herein-after provided, make Application to the Court by summary Petition for Authority to feu his Glebe, or any Part thereof, or to grant Building Leases thereon for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years.

6. Previous

1866.

Glebe Lands (Scotland).

Cap. 71.

463

Consent of Heritors how to be deter-

6. Previous to making any suck Application the Minister Consent of shall intimate his Intention so to do to the Presbytery by a ^obtainedt0 Letter addressed to the Moderator, and shall transmit therewith before Applica-a Copy of the proposed Application, which Intimation and tion made; Application shall be laid by the Moderator before the Presbytery at their First Meeting after receiving the same; and if

the Presbytery are of opinion that it would be for the Interests of the Benefice that the Glebe should be feued or let on Building Leases, they shall signify their Consent to such Application, subject to such Conditions, if any, as they think necessary or advisable, by a Certificate to that Effect written on a Copy of the proposed Application, and signed by the Moderator and Clerk.

7. Upon such Certificate being granted the Minister shall also Consent call a Meeting of Heritors, such Meeting to be summoned by 0 ent01s* Intimation from the Pulpit in the usual Manner, and by Notices,

with a Copy of the proposed Application enclosed therein, delivered or sent by Post to each Heritor or his known Agent, at least Thirty Days previous to the Day on which such Meeting is to take place within the Parish, such Meeting to be held on a Day and at an Hour and at a Place to be specified in such Citation and Notices, and at such Meeting every Heritor may vote by Proxy or by Letter under his Hand.

8. At that Meeting a Copy of the proposed Application to the Court shall be submitted to such Meeting; and if approved of by Two Thirds in Value of the Heritors of such Parish, mined and the Clerk to the Heritors shall grant a Certificate to that Effect proved, under his Hand to the Minister.

9. Every such Petition shall state the Date of the Petitioner's Particulars Induction to the Parish, the Amount of the Stipend and other Application111 Sources of Emolument attached to the Living, the Extent of the Parish, the Population according to the immediately preceding Census, the Nature and Extent of the Glebe, the Purpose of the proposed feuing or granting Building Leases, the expected Bate of Feu Duty or Kent, and the Grounds on which the Petitioner submits that Benefit will arise to the Minister and his Successors in Office by Authority to feu or lease being granted; and there shall be produced therewith the Certificate of the Presbytery and Heritors, and the Form of Feu Charter or Building Lease proposed to be adopted.

10. The Court shall appoint the Petition to be intimated in Intimation to the Minute Book and on the Walls in common Form, and to ^de of be served upon all Proprietors of Lands and Heritages conterminous with the Lands proposed to be feued or leased for building; and shall also appoint Notice of the Petition to be inserted once in the Edinburgh Gazette, and once a Week for

Three successive Weeks in such local Newspaper or Newspapers as the Court may think proper.

11. It shall be in the Power of any Proprietor of Lands or Power of any Heritages conterminous with the Lands proposed to be feued or leased for building to appear and object to the Application being

granted,

Proprietor to appear and

464

object in Court.

Court may remit Petition for Inquiry into Pacts.

Court may grant Authority, subject to certain'Conditions.

Court may authorize Construction of Streets, &c.

To whom Peu Duties, &c. to be made payable.

Cap. 71. Glebe Lands (Scotlandf). 29 & 30 VICT.

granted* on the Ground of Injury to the Value or Amenity of his said Lands or Heritages; and it shall be in the Power of the Court; on considering such Objections, to give Effect thereto by refusing the Application in whole or in part.

12. After Intimation and Advertisement aforesaid the Court; on considering the Petition; with or without Answers from any Party interested, may remit to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to inquire into the Facts stated in the Petition, and to report his or their Opinion or Opinions thereon, and as to any Conditions or Restrictions subject to which the Prayer of the Petition should be granted.

13. The Court may, by Order or Interlocutor, and subject to any Conditions or Restrictions they may deem expedient, grant such Authority, and shall in such Order or Interlocutor fix the minimum Rate at which the Glebe or any Portion thereof shall be feued or leased for building, and shall authorize and empower the Petitioner and his Successors in Office at the Sight of the Heritors and the Presbytery, subject to the Provisions of this Act, to grant and dispose of the Glebe, or any Part or Parts thereof, in Feu Farm, Fee, and Heritage, for the highest Feu Duties, or in Building Leases for the highest Rent in Grain or in Money, that can be got for the same, not being less than the said Minimum, and that either by Public Auction or Private Contract.

14. The Court may also, on such Application, authorize the Minister to make and construct such Streets, Roads, Passages, Sewers, or Drains in and through the Glebe or any Part thereof as the Court on Inquiry may find reasonable or expedient, with the view of the more advantageous feuing or leasing thereof.

15. The said Feu Duties and Rents, and the Interest of any Monies arising from any Sale or Sales in Fee Simple of any Part or Parts of the Glebe invested as herein-after provided, shall be taken payable to the Minister and his Successors in Office serving the Cure of the Parish for the Time, in all Time thereafter, and be recoverable by him or them: Provided that on the Death of any Minister, his Widow, Heirs, or Executors shall have Right to and shall be entitled to receive and discharge the said Feu Duties and Rents in the same Manner and for the same Length of Time as is provided by the Thirteenth Act of the Third Session of the Second Parliament of Charles the Second, passed at Edinburgh the Twenty-third Day of August One thousand six hundred and seventy-two, intituled Act for the Ann. due to the Executors of Bishops and Ministers, with regard to the Stipend of the Parish as Ann .; and provided further, that in the event of any Circumstance causing a Vacancy to be prolonged beyond the Term during which such Widow, Heirs, or Executors have a Right to the said Feu Duties and Rents, it shall be lawful for the Heritors of the Parish and Presbytery of the Bounds to uplift and to apply the said Feu Duties and Rents to the Provision of Spiritual Superintendence

and

1866. Glebe Lands (Scotland). Cap. 71. 465

and the Supply of Religious Ordinances in the Parish during the Vacancy.

16. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Feu Duties Further Pro-which shall become payable under any Contracts, Dispositions,

or Charters of Feu, or Writs by Progress, and the Rents under any Building Leases, to be granted in virtue of this Act, shall in all Time thereafter belong to the Minister, and shall be held and enjoyed by him in lieu and place of the natural Possession of such Glebe, or the Rents, Mails, Duties, and Profits of the same, and subject always to the Burden of Payment of Interest on the permanent Burden after referred to, so long as it subsists: Provided that after feuing out or letting on Building Lease or selling the said Subjects, or any Part thereof, in virtue of this Act, it shall not be competent for the Minister or his Successors in Office, to make any Demand upon the Heritors, for providing him in a Glebe or in any Portion of Land in lieu of the Glebe Land so feued, leased, or sold: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude or prejudice any Claim which the Minister may have to any additional Glebe that might have been competent to him if this Act had not passed.

17. When the Court shall have made an Order or Interlo- Right of Pre-

cutor granting Authority to feu or let on Building Lease, and emption by fixing the minimum Feu Duty or Rent, any Proprietor whose ^hos^Lands Lands are conterminous with the Glebe mentioned in such are conter-Order or Interlocutor, may, within Thirty Days of the Date of witl1

such Order or Interlocutor, intimate his Willingness to feu or 1 e e e' lease, or to purchase so much of the said Glebe at such a Rate of Feu Duty, or Rent, or Price as the Court may on a Consideration of the whole Circumstances of the Case, and after directing such Inquiry as they may consider necessary, determine; and if to feu or lease, undertaking to grant Security over the whole or such Part of his Estate, in addition to the said Glebe itself, as to the Court shall seem necessary for the regular and punctual Payment of the Feu Duty or Rent fixed by the Court; and on such Intimation, and after such Rate of Feu Duty and Security therefor, or Price, shall have been so fixed, the Court shall, in case of feuing or leasing, interpone its Authority to the Bond or other Writ in Security, and decern accordingly, and in case of Sale shall pronounce a Decree of Sale thereof in favour of such Heritor, on which he shall be entitled to obtain a Charter from the Crown for Payment of a Blench Duty of a Penny Scots, and interpone their Authority accordingly: Provided always, that such Heritor shall not be entitled to obtain an Extract of the said Decree of Sale until the Price shall be consigned in One of the Chartered Banks in Scotland for Behoof of the Minister; and in every Case of such Sale the Price, after Deduction of all Expenses connected with the Application to the Court, shall be invested at Sight of the Heritors and Presbytery on such Securities and in such Manner as the Court of Teinds shall direct, and the Interests

or

466

Provisions as to Cost of Application to Court,

Casualties to be applied to Extinction of Costs, and Provision as to Payment of Costs.

Title, how to be granted.

Cap. 71. Glebe Lands (Scotland), 29 & 30 VICT.

or Proceeds only shall be paid to the Minister: And it is provided further, that it shall be lawful for any Heir of Entail in Scotland to burden the Lands and Estates of which he or she is in possession as Heir of Entail lying contiguous to such Glebe for the Amount of such Price, or to give Security over the same for the annual Payment out of the clear yearly Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Estate, the Interest of such Sum calculated at Four and One Half per Centum, or the Amount of such annual Payment, not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum of such clear yearly Rents and Profits after deducting all prior Burdens and Provisions, as the same shall be ascertained by an Average of the Five Years immediately preceding the Date of Creation of such Burden or Security.

18. The Court, on the granting of any such Order or Interlocutor, or at any Time thereafter, on the summary Application of the Minister on whose Application the Interlocutor or Order was granted, or his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assignees, shall inquire into and ascertain the Sums which shall have been paid as the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of applying for and obtaining such Order or Interlocutor and incidental thereto, and of making and constructing Streets, Roads, Passages, Sewers, or Drains in or through the Glebe or any Part thereof, and shall decern the Amount thereof a permanent Burden upon the Glebe; and the Interest thereof, until extinguished, as after provided or otherwise, shall form a First Charge on the whole Produce and Revenue of the said Glebe.

19. As long as any such Burden shall remain unpaid the Casualties of Superiority which shall become payable under any Contracts, Dispositions, or Charters of Feu, or Writs by Progress for entering Heir3 or Successors to be granted as aforesaid, as well as any Payments which may be received from the Grantees thereof in respect of the Construction of Roads, Sewers, or Drains, shall be invested, at the Sight of the Heritors and Presbytery, on such Securities and in such Manner as the Court of Teinds shall approve, as a Sinking Fund to meet the said Burden, and the Interest of the said Fund shall be paid to the Minister for the Time being; and as soon as the said Fund shall amount to a Sum sufficient to pay the said Burden, the same shall be paid off; and thereupon the Casualties of Superiority thereafter to become due shall form Part of the Income of the Minister for the Time being, and be payable to him.

20. The Minister, with the Consent of the Heritors and the Presbytery, as certified by the Clerk to the Heritors and by the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery, shall grant, subscribe, and deliver to the Feuar or Feuars, Purchaser or Purchasers, Lessee or Lessees, all Contracts, Feu Charters, Dispositions in Feu, Writs of Confirmation, Resignation, Clare constat, or Acknowledgment, Dispositions, Conveyances, or other Deeds or Writs, containing all usual and necessary Clauses for feudally

conveying

467

Glebe Lands (Scotland). Cap. 71.

conveying and vesting the Subjects so feued, sold, or leased in the Parties taking the same on Feu or Building Lease, or purchasing the same, and the Heirs or singular Successors who shall thereafter acquire Right to the same; and the said Contracts and other Deeds or Writs so to be granted shall be deemed and held to be as legal and valid Titles of Property in Feu and Heritage, or Fee Simple, or Lease, (as the Case may be,) of the Properties so feued or conveyed to the several Persons in whose Favour respectively the same shall be granted, and their Heirs and Disponees, as if granted by a Proprietor or Superior with a completed feudal Title holding immediately of the Crown, and the Subjects so feued or conveyed or leased under the Authority of this Act shall be subject to Payment of Poor Rates, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Contracts and other Deeds shall be recorded in the Books of the Heritors.

21. In all and each of the said Contracts and other Deeds or Writs the full Value of the Ground thereby feued or leased shall be stipulated to be paid in perpetual annual Feu Duties, or Rents for the Endurance of such Building Leases, in Grain or in Money, payable half-yearly, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, by way of Fine, Foregift, or Grassum; and all Casualties of Superiority accruing on the Renewal of the Title to Heirs or singular Successors shall be taxed at a Duplicate of the annual Feu Duty; and all Feu Duties, Casualties, or Rents shall be properly and legally secured upon the Ground for which the same are payable, and on the Buildings that may be erected thereon, under the usual Penalties and Forfeitures according to the Law and Practice of Scotland in Feu Holdings.

22. After any such Contracts and other Deeds or Writs shall have been executed, the Minister shall have and enjoy all the same Remedies for enforcing Payment of the said Feu Duties and Casualties of Superiority thereby stipulated and agreed to be paid, and generally all other Rights and Privileges, which by the Law and Practice of Scotland belong and are competent to other Superiors in Feu Holdings; and the Parties taking any Lands in feu under the Provisions of this Act, and their Heirs and Successors, shall have and enjoy all the Rights and Privileges which by the Law and Practice of Scotland belong and are competent to Vassals in Feu Holdings, in the same Manner and to the same Effect as if they held the said Lands of and under the Minister as a Superior holding immediately of the Crown.

23. The Court shall pass such Acts of Sederunt as they may consider necessary to regulate the Form of Procedure to be adopted under this Act for effectually carrying out the Purposes thereof.

24. This Act shall not affect any Act of Parliament now in existence affecting the feuing of Glebes in Scotland, or anything done or contracted to be done thereunder.

Full Value to be stipulated to be paid without taking Money by way of Fine, &c.

Minister to enjoy same Privilege as other Superiors.

Court to pass Acts of Sederunt.

Saving existing Acts authorizing the feuing of Glebes.

468

Cap. 72.

57 G. 3. c. 34. 57 G. 3. c. 124.

1 G. 4. c. GO. 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 111.

3 G. 4. c. 86.

4 G. 4. c. 63.

5 G. 4. c. 36.

5 G. 4. c. 77.

6 G. 4. c. 35.

7 G. 4. c. 30. 7 & 8 G. 4. c. 12.

7 & 8 G. 4, c 47.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 24.

.'5 &4W. 4. c. 32.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 72.

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 51. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 88.

3 Vict. c. 10.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 9.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 80.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 23.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 40.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 17.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 80.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 30.

Public Works, Harbours, &c.

29 & 30 VICT.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to authorize Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Pund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and for the Employment of the Poor; and for the Purposes of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866, and The Labouring Classes Dwellings Act, 1866.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the following Acts have been passed; vide-

: ' licet, an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of King George

6 the Third, Chapter Thirty-four; an Act of the same Session ' of Parliament, Chapter One hundred and twenty-four; an Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter c Sixty; an Act of the First and Second Years of King George ' the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and eleven; an Act of the c Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-six; c an Act of the Fourth Year of King George the Fourth, c Chapter Sixty-three; an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-six; an Act of the same f Session of Parliament, Chapter Seventy-seven; an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty -

five; an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, c Chapter Thirty; an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of c King George the Fourth, Chapter Twelve; an Act of the same Session of Parliament, Chapter Forty-seven; an Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth,

Chapter Twenty-four; an Act of the Third and Fourth 6 Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two; an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the

Fourth, Chapter Seventy-two; an Act of the First Year of ' Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Fifty-one;

an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight; an Act of the Third Year of

Her present Majesty, Chapter Ten; an Act of the Fifth c Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Nine; an Act of the ' Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter ' Eighty; an Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of

Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three; an Act of the

Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, c Chapter Forty; an Act of the Nineteenth Year of Her pre-f Majesty, Chapter Seventeen; an Act of the Twenty-fourth f and Twenty-fifth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty; and an Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth c Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty:

And whereas sundry Advances or Loans have been made by the Commissioners of the said Acts, for the Purposes in the same Act specified, and also for the Purposes of the ' Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, and great ' Benefits have been derived therefrom:

And

469

1866. Public Works, Harbours, &c. Cap. 72.

And whereas farther Advances or Loans are required for the like Objects, and Advances or Loans are also required for the Purposes of "The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1.866," and " The Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, c 1866," and it is deemed expedient to make Advances of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of such Loans

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the Purpose of such Advances or Loans as aforesaid, (exclusively of Advances or Loans for the Purposes of "The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," 6e The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866," and " The Labouring Classes Dwelling Houses Act, 1866, ") the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are hereby empowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, until Parliament shall otherwise determine, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter, the First Instalment thereof to become due and payable in the Quarter ending the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

2. For the Purpose of Advances or Loans under "The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are hereby empowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to cause to .be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds per Annum during the Five Years next ensuing the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand five hundred Pounds per Quarter, the First Instalment thereof to become payable in the Quarter ending the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, such Monies to be applied under the said Harbours and Passing Tolls Act.

3. For the Purpose of Advances or Loans under "The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866," the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great

Power to charge 360,000l. per Annum upon the Consolidated Fund by Issues not exceeding 90,000l. per Quarter.

Power to charge 350,000l. per Annum upon the Consolidated Fund by Issues not exceeding 87, 500/. per Quarter for Harbours, &c.

Power to charge

500,000l. upon the Consoli-

dated Fund for Cattle Diseases, &c.

Power to charge

250,000?. upon the Consolidated Fund for Labouring Classes

Dwellings, &c.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to be Trustees of Public Works Loan Fund, and to cause a separate Account to be continued at the Bank of England for the Purpose.

Money paid into the Bank to Account of Commissioners for executing this Act to be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Commissioners for executing recited Acts to be Commis-

Cap. 72. Public Works, Harbours, &c. 29 & 30 VICT.

Britain and Ireland for the Time being are hereby empowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, from Time to Time to cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, such Monies to be applied under the said Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866.

4. For the Purposes of Advances or Loans under "The Labouring Classes Dwellings Act, 1866," the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are hereby empowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, from Time to Time to cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, such Monies to be applied under the said Labouring Classes Dwellings Act, 1866.

5. The Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees on the Part of the Public for holding the said Monies to be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid; and the said Monies shall be kept upon such Accounts at the Rank of England as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time direct; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall continue and keep or cause to be continued and kept in their Office a Book or Books in which all the Monies transferred to their Account by virtue of this Act and the said recited Acts shall be entered and kept separate and apart from all other Monies, and such Monies shall be by them held subject to the Disposal, Orders, and Directions of the Commissioners of the said recited Acts and of this Act, for the Purposes of such Loans and Advances, and otherwise as by the same Acts or the Acts relating thereto or this Act, are directed or authorized to be made.

6. All and every Sums and Sum of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under and by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, at such Periods as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, be transferred by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Account kept by the said Bank of England with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and when so transferred shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

7. The several Persons who in and by or under the said recited Acts or any of them are named or constituted Commissioners for the Execution of the said Acts, or so many of them

as

1866.

Public Works, Harbours, &c. Cap. 72. 471

as shall be living at the Time of the passing of this Act, and sionerstogether Sir John Charles Dalrymple Hay, Baronet, (who has been ^ecutin^thiT appointed a Commissioner for the Execution of the said recited Act.

Acts under the Authority of the same or some or One of them,) together with William Jones Loyd and Herbert Barnard Esquires, shall be and they and all future Parties so constituted are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, and all Acts authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act to be done and executed by the said Commissioners may be done and executed by any Three or more of them.

8. The said Commissioners named in and by or under the Commissioners said recited Acts or any of them or this Act shall, before they

enter upon the Execution of this Act, sign a Declaration to the Declaration following effect: before acting.

I A.B. do declare, That, according to the best of my c Judgment, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Duties, Powers, and Trusts vested in me by an Act entitled (insert Title of this Act) according to the Tenor and Purport f of the said Act and the Acts therein recited, and other Acts having reference thereto. '

And such Declaration shall be kept and entered with the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners.

9. When and so soon as the said Commissioners for the Amount of Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall have ^y^ecsedunder determined upon any Amount of Money to be advanced and this Act to be lent or paid under the Provisions of this Act, the said Com- certified to the missioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith ^T^Eedu?8 certify such Amount to the Commissioners for the Reduction tion of the

of the National Debt for the Time being; and at the Foot of National Debt, every such Certificate the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall state the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom every such Certificate is to be presented to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and upon every such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or Chief Clerk acting under the said last-mentioned Commissioners, shall, upon the Back of every such Certificate, endorse and sign an Order for the Payment of the Sum mentioned in every such Certificate to the Person or Persons named at the Foot of every such Certificate, or to One of such Persons, and which Order of such Officer previously to the issuing thereof shall be entered by the Clerk or other proper Officer and shall be countersigned by the Actuary or other Check Officer acting under the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and such Cashiers, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of every such Order, pay the Sum

Kr 2 mentioned

472

Commissioners for executing recited Acts and this Act to lay annual Accounts before Parliament.

Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt to furnish annualAccount of the Fund for Audit,

Powers, &c. of recited Acts to have the same Force as if re-enacted in this Act.

Cap. 72. Public Works, Harbours, &c. 29 & 30 Vict.

mentioned therein to the Person or Persons mentioned in every such Order; and the Signature of such Person or Persons, jointly or severally, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to the said Governor and Company respectively.

10. The said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall cause to be made up an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year of the Amounts placed at their Disposal under the said recited Acts and this Act, the Amounts advanced and the Amounts remaining unissued, also an Account of the Amount of the Loans advanced by the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts and this Act, the Monies received on account thereof, and paid into the Exchequer, and the Balance of Principal and Interest outstanding, distinguishing each Class of Loans, and also showing the Amounts advanced and repaid in respect of each such Class during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March immediately preceding the Date of such Account; and the said Commissioners shall in each Year cause such Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirtieth Day of June, if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

11. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall cause to be made up, for Examination and Audit, an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year of the Receipts, Payments, and Balances on the said Account so directed to be kept by them in respect of the said Public Works Loan Fund as aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to the Auditor General of Public Accounts at Somerset House.

12. None of the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts or any of them shall be affected nor be deemed to have been affected by anything in this Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, already passed or to be passed, except so far as the same is by this Act or may by any such Act passed or to be passed be altered, varied, or repealed by express Reference to the said recited Acts or this Act, and all and every the same several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures, so far as the same can be made applicable, and are not varied by this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, and as if such Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures were herein repeated and set forth.

1866.

Public Works Loans (Ireland). Cap. 73.

473

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of l & 2 Will. 4. c the Reign of His late Majesty King William the c' 33 '

Fourth, Chapter Thirty-three:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh Year 6 & 7 Will. 4-

of the same Reign, Chapter One hundred and eight: c* 108 '

And whereas another Act was passed in the First Year of 7 Will. 4. & 6 the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one: 1 Vict* c* 21 *

And whereas another Act was passed in the Second Year 1 & 2 Vict. c of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight: c* 88 '

And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year 2 & 3 Vict,

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty: c' 50 '

f And whereas another Act was passed in the Second Session 5 & 6 Vict.

of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, c' 9 *

Chapter Nine:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh Year 3 & 7 Vict. of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-four: c' 44 *

And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of 9 & 10 Vict. the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One: c '

And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth and o & to Vict. Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter c' 8'7* Eighty-five:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourteenth 14 & 13 Vict.

and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, c'51' c Chapter Fifty-one:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth 19 Vict. c. is. c Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighteen:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth 24 & 25 Vict. f and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, c- 85-6 Chapter Eighty-five:

And whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of 29 & so Vict.

Parliament, intituled An Act to authorize Advances of Money c-72-

out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and 6 Fisheries, and for the Employment of the Poor; and for the 6 Purposes of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, The c Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866, and The Labouring f Classes Dwellings Act, 1866, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are empowered, by Warrant

under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to cause to be ' issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ' of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce

thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time ' being for the Reduction of the National Debt, until Parlia-

Rr 3

ment

474

Appointment of Commissioners.

Treasury may out of the 360,000l. per Annum granted by 29 & 30 Vict. apply a Sum not exceeding 15,0007. per Quarter for Public Works in Ireland.

A separate Account to be continuedinthe Books of the Commissioners.

When Treasury shall have sanctioned Loans, Corn-

Cap. 73. Public Works Loans (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

ment shall otherwise determine, a Sum or Sums -of Money ' not exceeding .Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds f per Annum, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter, the First Instal-

ment thereof to become due and payable in the Quarter

ending the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven:

s And whereas sundry Advances or Loans have been made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under ' the said first-recited Act and the several Acts since passed for ' amending and extending the same, for the Purposes in the same Acts specified, and great Benefits have been derived therefrom, and further Advances or Loans are required for the like Objects

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Public Works for the Time being shall be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

2. The said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, may direct from Time to Time, out of the Sum not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum which by the said Act of this present Session of Parliament they are authorized to cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter as aforesaid, there shall issue and be paid unto the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Quarter, to be at the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works as herein-after mentioned, the First Instalment thereof to become due and payable in the Quarter ending the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

3. For the Purpose of receiving the said quarterly Instalments, the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall continue or cause to be continued and kept in their Office a Book or Books, in which all Monies transferred to their Account by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty shall be kept apart from all other Monies; and such Monies shall be by the same Commissioners held subject to the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works for the several Purposes of the said first-recited Act and the other Acts amending the same and of this Act.

4. When the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall have sanctioned any Loan under this Act or any of the above-recited Acts, and the said Commissioners of

Public

1866. Public Works Loans (Ireland). Cap. 73.

Public Works shall have ascertained that any Sum of Money is required to be issued on account of such Loan, they shall forthwith certify the Amount of such Issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being; and in every such Certificate the Loan in Payment of which such Issue is required, and the Party or Parties to whom such Issue is intended to be made, shall be stated; and upon every such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or Chief Clerk acting under the last-named Commissioners, shall upon the Back of such Certificate endorse and sign an Order for the Payment of the Sum mentioned in such Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Account and Credit of Her Majesty's Paymaster General at the said Bank, to be by him paid over on the Warrants of the said Commissioners of Public Works: Provided always, that Approval of such Issue by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall appear on such Certificate under the Hand of One of their Secretaries, and that the Amount of such Issue shall not exceed the Sum for the Time being standing in the Books of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, subject to the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works.

5. Every such Order of the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, before the issuing thereof, shall be entered by the Clerk or other proper Officer, and shall be countersigned by the Actuary or other Check Officer acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and such Cashiers, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of every such Order, pay the Sum mentioned therein to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the Signature of One of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for thS Reduction of the National Debt.

6. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall cause to be made up, for Examination and Audit, an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year of the Receipts, Payments, and Balances on the said Account so directed to be kept by them in respect of the said Public Works Loan Fund for Ireland as aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to the Auditor General of Public Accounts.

7. As soon as any Sum of Money shall have been lodged to the Credit of the Account of the Commissioners of Public Works at the Bank of Ireland on account of the Repayment of Loans for Public Works, the said Commissioners of Public Works

475

missioners of Public Works to certify Amount of Issue to Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Upon Certificate being produced, Payment to be made.

Approval of Treasury of such Issue to appear on Certificate.

Order to be entered by the proper Officer, countersigned by the Actuary, and addressed to the Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall pay the same.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to furnish an annual Account for Audit.

Appropriation and Entry of Repayments.

476

All Sums paid into the Bank of Ireland to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Commissioners for executing recited Acts and this Act to lay annual Accounts before Parliament.

Powers of recited Acts as to Advances to have the same Force as if re-enacted in this Act.

Cap. 73. Public Works Loans (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Works shall cause the Sum or Sums so lodged to be entered in their Books to the Credit of the Loan on account of which such Repayment shall have been made, and shall cause a Receipt to be delivered to the Party or Person on whose Account such Repayment shall have been so made, and such Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Party or Person paying the same.

8. Every Sum of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the said Commissioners of Public Works, on account of the Repayment of Loans for Public Works under this or any of the aforesaid Acts, shall from Time to Time, at such Periods and in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, be transferred by the said Commissioners of Public Works to the Account kept with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and when so transferred shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

9. The said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall cause to be made up an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year of the Amounts placed at their Disposal under the said recited Acts and this Act, the Amounts advanced, and the Amounts remaining unissued, also an Account of the Amount of the Loans advanced by the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts and this Act, the Monies received on account thereof, and paid into the Exchequer, and the Balance of Principal and Interest outstanding, distinguishing each Class of Loans, and also showing the Amounts advanced and repaid in respect of each such Class during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March immediately preceding the Date of such Account; and the said Commissioners shall on or before the First Day of June in each Year cause such Accounts and Statements to be transmitted to the Public Works Loan Commissioners at their Office in London; and such Accounts and Statements shall by the said last-mentioned Commissioners be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirtieth Day of the same Month of June, if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

10. All the Enactments contained in the said recited Act relating to Public Works in Ireland, or any of them, shall, except as is herein otherwise provided, extend to this Act, and to all Things done or directed to be done by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the said Commissioners of Public Works, or their Secretary for the Time being, or any other Persons or Bodies Corporate under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, in such or the like Manner as if they had been particularly and severally re-enacted in the Body of this Act, or as near

thereto

thereto as the Difference of the Circumstances will admit* except so far only as the same are amended or altered by any of the said Acts or by this Act.

477

5 & 6 Vict. c. 76.

18 & 19 Vict. ce. 54. and 55.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act intituled An Act for the Government of New South. Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's c Land* it was enacted that* except as therein mentioned* all c Bills passed by the Legislative Council of New South Wales 6 which should alter or affect the Duties of Customs upon any

Goods* Wares, or Merchandise imported to or exported from e the said Colony* should in every Case be reserved for the

Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of c Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Government of 13 & 14 Vict.

Her Majestfs Australian Colonies* the above-recited Enact- c- 59* c ments were in part repealed and in part extended to the

Colonies of Victoria* Van Diemerfs Land* South Australia* f and Western Australia:

And whereas by Two Acts passed in the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled respectively An Act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill as amended of the Legislature of 6 New South Wales* u to confer a Constitution on New South 6 " Wales, and to grant a Civil List to Her Majesty f and ' An Act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill as amended c of the Legislature of Victoria* to establish a Constitution in c and for the Colony of Victoria* the Provisions of the first-mentioned Act respecting the Reservation of Bills for the ' Signification of H*er Majesty's Pleasure thereon are declared f applicable to the Colonies of New South Wales and Victoria ' respectively; and Doubts are entertained how far the above-s recited Enactments remain still in force in Her Majesty's ' Australian Colonies* and it is expedient that such Doubts

should be removed* and that the said Provisions should be c repealed: '

Be it hereby enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. The above-recited Enactments of the aforesaid Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty shall be and they are hereby repealed.

2. No Law heretofore passed in any of the aforementioned Laws not to

Colonies shall be or be deemed to have been invalid on the be invalid

- because not Ground reservedm

Repeal of Part of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 76.

478

accordance with repealed Enactment.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 58.

C. 74, 75. NewS. Wales and Van Diemen's Land Govt. 29 & 30 VICT.

Ground that such Law being a Law altering or affecting the Duties of Customs aforesaid has not been reserved for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend and explain the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, relating to Parochial Buildings in Scotland.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Act Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth c Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, intituled An Act to

s make further Provision with respect to the raising of Money for erecting and improving Parochial Buildings in Scotland, (in this Act hereafter referred to as the recited Act,) it is enacted, by Section First, ct that the Expression c Parochial c (t Buildings, ' in the said Act, shall mean and include Church, c " Manse, Churchyard, Walls, Schoolhouse, and School-c " master's House respectively and it is further enacted by

Section Second, ee that the Heritors of any Parish in Scotland " in which any new or additional Parochial Building is to be " erected, or any existing Parochial Building is to be im-

e " proved or to be enlarged, may, at any Meeting of such

" Heritors, resolve that the Money required to defray the ' " Expense of Erection, Improvement, or Enlargement of

" such Parochial Building shall be raised by annual Assess- " ments extending over a Period of Ten Years;" and on the f Adoption of such Resolution, such annual Assessments for the Period specified therein shall be imposed, levied, and recovered from the Heritors of such Parish, and with the

f Liabilities and Rights of Relief as therein provided; and by ' the Third Section it is enacted, that on the Adoption of such Resolution it shall be lawful for the Heritors of such Parish to borrow the Money required to defray the Expense

of the Erection, Improvement, or Enlargement of such f Parochial Buildings, and in Security of the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, to charge f and assign the said annual Assessments by a Bond and ' Assignation, to be signed in manner therein mentioned:

And whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether the Powers ' to borrow Money and grant Bond therefor under said recited ' Act apply to the Purchase or Acquisition of Parochial ' Buildings as defined in the Act, and it is expedient that such f Doubts should be removed, and the recited Act amended as

herein-after provided: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: viz.,

1. The

479

1. The Expressions " Erection, Improvement, and Enlargement," contained in the recited Act, shall extend and apply to the .Purchase or Acquisition of Parochial Buildings for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Improvement and Enlargement thereof, and the Power to borrow Money required to defray the Expense of the Erection, Improvement, or Enlargement of such Parochial Buildings, and to grant Bond therefor, and the Interest thereof, repayable in Ten Years; and the Power to charge and assign the said annual Assessments, as contained in the recited Act, shall extend to and include the Price of Parochial Buildings already erected, purchased, or to be purchased for the Purposes of the Act, and the Ground attached thereto, and the Expense of improving and enlarging the same, including the Purchase of any Feu or Ground Annual payable for such Ground or Buildings; and the Creditors in or Persons having Bight to such Bond and Assignation shall have the same Bights and Remedies for Recovery of the Sums, Principal and Interest, due under such Bond and Assignation, as are conferred by the said recited Act.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the recited Act, and the recited Act shall be read and have Effect accordingly.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to provide for the Collection of Fees in Public Departments and Offices by means of Stamps.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Public Offices Fees Act, 1866."

2. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Notice published in the London Gazette, to declare and direct that from and after the Time specified in such Notice all or any of the Fees for the Time being payable in Money in any Public Department or Office connected with the Public Service, or to the Officers thereof, shall be collected by means of Stamps; and every such Notice shall be in accordance with the Form given in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances may require; and from and after the Time specified in any such Notice the Fees therein mentioned shall be received by Stamps denoting the Amount of Fees payable, and not in Money: Provided always, that no such Notice shall be published with respect to any Fees payable in the Offices of Her Majesty's Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or to any Officer of the said Duchy or County Palatine, without the Consent of the Chancellor

of

Interpretation of the Expressions " Erection, Improvement, and En largement " in recited Act.

This and recited Act incorporated.

[Short Title.]

Erom and after Time appointed by the Treasury Fees payable in any Public Office to be collected by means of Stamps.

Stamps to be impressed or adhesive.

Stamps to be affixed to or impressed on Documents.

Regulations to be made by Treasury.

Nothing to interfere with Powers regarding Alteration of Amount of Fees.

Separate Account to be kept of Money received for Stamps.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Cap. 76. Fees (Public Departments). 29 & 30 VICT.

of the said Duchy or County Palatine: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to any Fees payable in either House of Parliament.

3. All or any Stamps to be used under this Act shall be impressed or adhesive as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time direct.

4. When any Fee comprised in any such Notice is payable in respect of a Document, the Stamp denoting the Amount of Fee shall be affixed to or impressed on such Document; and when any such Fee is payable otherwise than in respect of a Document the Stamp denoting the Amount of Fee shall be affixed to or impressed on such Document* as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may require to be used

5. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time make such Regulations as seem fit regarding —

The Use of Stamps under this Act:

The Application of such Stamps to Documents in use or required to be used as aforesaid:

The Cancellation of adhesive Stamps.

6. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Exercise by any Authority of any Power of altering or otherwise regulating the Amount of any Fees for the Time being payable in any Department or Office, or to the Officers thereof, or of any Salaries or other Charges for the Time being payable thereout or charged thereon.

7. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall keep a separate Account of the Money received for Stamps under this Act in respect of every Department or Office, and the Money so received, subject to the Deduction thereout of any Expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in the Execution of this Act, and to the Payment or Discharge thereout in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time direct of Salaries or other Charges for the Time being by Law charged or made payable out of any Fees so received by Stamps, shall, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be carried to and shall form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

8. Each Account so kept by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for every Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March, together with an Account for every such Year, prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, showing the Salaries and other Charges for the Time being charged on or payable out of the Fees received by the Stamps to which such Account relates, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Termination of such Year of Account, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not then within One Month next after the next Meeting of Parliament.

The

481

1866. Fees (Public Departments). Cap. 76, 77 .

THE SCHEDULE.

COMPANIES REGISTRATION OFFICE

(or as the Case may be).

NOTICE under the (C Public Offices Fees Act, 1866."

The Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act, hereby declare and direct, That from and after the Day of the Fees for the Time being payable in the Companies Registration Office (or as the Case may be) or to the Officers thereof, shall be collected by means of Stamps.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-four, relating to the Erection of new Parishes quoad sacra in Scotland.

[6th August 1866.]

C ky the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-f four, intituled An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing ' of extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of new 6 Parishes, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, c Provision is made (by Section Eight) in the Case of a c Church built or acquired, or undertaken to be built or acquired, and endowed or undertaken to be endowed by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their Expense, for the c Erection of such Church, and a District to be attached 4' thereto quoad sacra> into a Church and Parish in connexion with the Church of Scotland:

And whereas there are in Scotland United Parishes in f which there are already Two or more Parish Churches main^ c tained:

And whereas in such United Parishes an Increase of c Population or other Change of Circumstances may take place, f rendering it expedient under the Provisions of the said Act f to apply for Disjunction from such United Parishes, and Erection into a Parish quoad sacra, of a District thereof: And whereas by the said Act no Power is conferred upon the Heritors of such United Parishes to convey or make over any One of the Parish Churches of such United Parish to f the Party or Parties who shall have endowed or undertaken f to endow such Parish quoad sacra:

And whereas it is reasonable and proper that such Power should be conferred

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows, viz .:

7 & 8 c. 44.

Vict.

Power to convey to Quoad sacra Parish Trustees within a United Parish One of the Parish Churches.

This and recited Act incorporated.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

Cap. 77, 78. Parishes (&) Act, 1844., Amendment. 29 & 30 VICT.

1. On an Application being made in Terms of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-four, to the Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, it shall be lawful for the Heritors of any United Parish in Scotland, being Proprietors within such United Parish to the Extent of at least One hundred Pounds Sterling of Heal Rent yearly from Land appearing on the Valuation Roll of the County, by a Majority in value of those present at a Meeting summoned by Intimation from the Pulpit in usual Manner for the Purpose, to authorize the Chairman at the Meeting to convey and make over, to the Party or Parties who shall have endowed or undertaken to endow as a Parish quoad sacra a District within such United Parish, the one of such Parish Churches most convenient to such District, as the Church of such Parish quoad sacra in all Time coming, and the Chairman so authorized shall execute the Conveyance of such Church in favour of such Party or Parties, and the Conveyance of such Church by the Chairman of such Meeting of Heritors shall be a valid Title thereto in all Time coming.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the recited Act, and the recited Act shall be read and have Effect accordingly.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Assessment of County Rates.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Fifteenth

(" and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present

6 Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statutes relating to the Assessment and Collection i of County Rates in England and Wales, the Justices of the tf Peace of every County of England and Wales assembled at

their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any c Adjournment thereof, are empowered to appoint a Committee for the Purpose of preparing in manner therein

mentioned a Basis or Standard for fair and equal County c Rates:

And whereas b}^ The Union Assessment Committee Act, c 1862, Boards of Guardians are empowered to appoint Assess-

ment Committees for the Purpose of making the Parochial

Assessments therein mentioned:

And whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Powers c of the Justices under the first-mentioned Act are not im-c pliedly interfered with or controlled by such last-mentioned Act:

And whereas it is expedient to remove such Doubts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Nothing

1866.

483

County Assessments. Cap. 78, 79.

1. Nothing contained in The Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, shall apply to any Assessment which has been or shall be made by any Committee appointed by the Justices under the said Act of the Session of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, and any Committee which has been or shall be appointed under the last-mentioned Act may prepare a Basis for County Rates, and do all other Things authorized to be done by them under the said Act, in the same Manner in all respects as if the Union Assessment Committee Act had not passed.

2. ' Whereas by the Twenty-sixth Section of the said Act of the Session of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign

of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, printed Lists

of the Parishes and Places assessed to the County Rate, and the Amount of the rateable Value upon which such Parishes ' and Places have been assessed, are required to be sent to c the Persons therein mentioned upon every Occasion when a c County Rate is made: And whereas it is expedient to amend ' the said Section:' Be it enacted, That the said printed Lists shall, unless the Justices otherwise direct, be sent only on the Occasion when a new Basis or Standard for a County Rate or an Alteration in the existing Basis or Standard has been allowed and confirmed.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The County Rate Act, 1866."

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the District of Ventnor, and for the Repeal of the South Wales Highway Act in Briton Ferry District.

WHEREAS Secretary of State for the Home De-c " partment, being One of Her Majesty's Principal e Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made a certain Provisional Order which is contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Govern-c ment Act that no such Order shall be of any Validity whatever until it shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and ' it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed, f and other Provision made with respect to the Briton Ferry ' District already under the Local Government Act afore-f said:J

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be

Act of

25 & 26 Vict. c. 103. not to affect Act of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

Amendment of s. 26. of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

[Short Title.]

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

484

South Wales Highway Act repealed as to District of Briton Ferry.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

SCHEDULE.

Provisional Order referred to in the preceding Act.

VENTNOR.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act and repealing and altering part of another Local Act in force within the District of the Ventnor Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of the Town of Ventnor, in the Isle of Wight, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the Isle of Wight aforesaid, so far as such Act affects the said District of Ventnor, and also praying for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain other Local Act of Parliament in force within the District aforesaid, the said Acts respectively having relation to the Purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the cc Roads and Highways in the Isle of Wight/' Also, — An Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act for better paving, u lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving part of the " Parish of Newchurch, in the Isle of Wight, called " Ventnor, and for establishing a market therein."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And

Cap. 7.9. Local Government Supplemental (No, 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty (23 & 24 Vict. Cap. 68.), intituled " The South Wales Highway Act," shall be repealed so far as it relates to the District of Briton Ferry in the County of Glamorgan, within which District the Local Government Act, 1858, is now in force.

3. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

4. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1866," (No. 2.)

485

Local Government Supplemental (iVb. 2). Cap. 79.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct, that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The said first herein-before recited Local Act of the

fifty-third year of the reign of King George the Third shall be repealed, so far as such Act affects the said District of Ventnor.

2. — The said secondly herein-before recited Local Act of the

seventh and eighth years of the reign of Queen Victoria, except the parts thereof described or referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be repealed, and the parts of such Act which shall he retained shall henceforth be read and construed with the qualifications, alterations, and amendments mentioned in the said schedule touching sections 147, 205, 232, and 342.

3. — The powers, authorities, and duties of the Commissioners for the time being acting in the execution of the last-mentioned Local Act shall cease, but such Commissioners shall continue to be the Local Board for the said District, and the full number of members of the said Local Board shall be eighteen.

4. — The persons respectively now acting as the Clerk, Sur-

veyor, and Treasurer to the said Commissioners shall respectively continue to be the Clerk, Surveyor, and Treasurer of the said Local Board until they shall respectively cease so to act, or shall be removed in the manner prescribed by the Local Government Act, 1858, and such Clerk and Surveyor shall for all purposes be sufficiently designated as "The Town Clerk of Ventnor'' and " The Town Surveyor of Ventnor " respectively.

5. — The unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local

Act, with the qualifications, alterations, and amendments herein-before referred to, shall be incorporated with the said Local Government Act, 1858, and the expression "the Commissioners " used in the said unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act shall mean the Local Board for the District of the Town of Ventnor aforesaid; and all penalties incui'red under the unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act, with the qualifications, alterations, and amendments herein-before referred to, shall be recovered in the same way as penalties incurred under the Public Health Act, 1848, and be applied in aid of the purposes of that Act, and of the Local Government Act, 1858.

S s 3 6. — All

486

Cap. 79. Local Government Supplemental (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

6. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in

the execution of the said last-mentioned Local Act shall be transferred to and vested in the said Local Board, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts and for the same purposes as by such Commissioners; and all rates and other monies due to the said Commissioners shall be paid to and received by the said Local Board, and be applied by such Local Board as if the same had been levied by or become owing to them in the execution of the said Local Government Act, 1858; and all powers, authorities, rights, and privileges vested in the said Commissioners under or by virtue of any agreement, deed, or Act of Parliament now in force shall be transferred to and vested in the said Local Board, and may be exercised by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners.

7. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted,

payable, or given by such Commissioners (save only the debts mentioned in the next paragraph of this Order) shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners: Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

8. — The monies borrowed at interest by such Commissioners under section 53 of the said last-mentioned Local Act, on the credit of tolls, rates, or assessments by that Act granted, and other property vested in such Commissioners, shall remain a charge on the rates, tolls, and assessments leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, and on the other transferred property of the said Commissioners which would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, and the mortgages for securing the monies so borrowed shall and may be assigned, transferred, paid off, and otherwise dealt with, as prescribed by the said unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act, or some or one of the unrepealed sections thereof, in the same or the like manner as if such monies had been borrowed by the said Local Board under the said unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act, and not under or in exercise of the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, or the

1866. Local Government Supplemental {No, 2). Cap. 79.

the several Acts (save the unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act) incorporated therewith: Provided always, that nothing in this Order contained shall prejudice or affect the said Local Board in the exercise by them of the powers and provisions contained in the said Local Government Act, 1858, or the several Acts (save the said unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act) incorporated therewith, relative to the borrowing of money, and the mortgaging of rates, with and under the sanction, consent, direction, and approval in the said Acts or any or either of them contained: Provided also, that any money borrowed by the said Local Board under the provisions of the said Local Government Act, 1858, and the several Acts (save the said unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act) incorporated therewith, shall be repaid, and the said Local Board shall from time to time make provision for the repayment thereof, and for the payment of the interest thereon, in the same manner as if this Order had not been made, and beyond and in excess of a compliance with the enactments of the unrepealed parts of the said last-mentioned Local Act, touching the money already borrowed as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Third day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

SCHEDULE referred to in the preceding Order.

The parts of the Local Act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Queen Victoria to be retained are as follows; that is to say, —

Sections 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 132, 147 (omitting therein the expression "for the said Highway Commissioners for the time being or "), 205 (from the commencement thereof down to and including the expression (that is to say)," and so far as relates to the several clauses thereof which are respectively indicated in the margin of the said Act by the respective expressions following, (that is to say,) selling by auction in streets," " abusive language," c<r games," introducing into the first of such clauses between the word " auction " and the word " outcry " the expression "or shall by," and substituting for the expression "or otherwise " the words " offer for sale," and adding at the end of the said first clause the words tc save uncured fish"), 232 (substituting for the words " when the said/' first occurring in such section, the words " whilst any," and omitting the several expressions u after the opening of such market," and ef on any day except market days," and also omitting the word " double " therein twice occurring), 233, 237, 238, 273, 274, 275, 276, 277, 278,

27 9,

H

488 Cap. 79, 80. Local Government Supplemental (No. 2).29 & 30 VICT.

279, 280, 281, 282, 283, and 342, so far as regards the meaning of words and expressions used in the said unrepealed parts of the said Act of 7 & 8 Victoria.

The Schedules A. > B., and E., by the said last-mentioned Act referred to.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 133.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." [6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England

and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Land Drainage

Act, 1861," duly made the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is by the said Act

provided that no such Order shall be of any Validity whatever until such Order shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed: 5

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Land Drainage Supplemental Act, 1866, Number 2."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

In the matter of Northmoor and Stanton Harcourt Improvement, situate in the several Parishes of Northmoor, Stanton Harcourt, and Standlake, in the County of Oxford.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the Power given to us by 46 The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order under our Seal, constitute the Lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Northmoor and Stanton Harcourt Separate Drainage District Map, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a Separate Drainage District under the said Act.

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board: —

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Fifteen Members.

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board: — Colonel Edward Vernon Harcourt of Hastings, Mr. Richard Lord of Stanton Harcourt, Oxon, Mr. George Castle of Stanton Harcourt, Oxon, Mr. Samuel Druce of Eynsham, Oxon, Mr. Thomas Blake of Eynsham, Oxon,

Arthur

1866.

489

Land Drainage Supplemental (No. 2). Cap. 80, 81.

Arthur Robarts Adams, Esquire, D.C.L., Fellow of Saint John's College in the University of Oxford, the Reverend Francis Arthur Powys, Fellow and Bursar of the same College, the Reverend James Norris, D.D., President of Corpus Christi College in the said University, Mr. Francis Field of Oxford, Agent for the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church in Oxford, Mr. John Giles, of Gaunt House, Standlake, Oxon, Mr. Edward Blagrave, Steward of Magdalen College in the said University, Mr. William Pinnock of Brighthampton, Oxon, the Reverend Frederick Metcalfe of Lincoln's College in the said University, Mr. George Andrews of.Stanton Harcourt, Oxon, and Mr. George Watkins, Saint Giles ', Oxford.

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice sent by the Post to each Member of the said Board, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Seven Days before the Day of Meeting.

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Ten Acres of Land within the Area of the said District; or, secondly, the Heir Apparent of the Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Ten Acres in Extent within the Area of the said District; or, thirdly, the Agent of a Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Ten Acres of Land within the Area of the said District, such Agent acting under a written Appointment.

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the last Day in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament.

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the time of such Election.

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Official Seal this Second day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend the Law respecting Leases by Ecclesiastical Corporations, as far as relates to the Isle of Man.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The

490

5 & 6 Vict. c. 108. and 21 & 22 Vict. c. 57. not to apply to Isle of Man.

[Short Title.]

Transfer to Board of Trade of Custody of Imperial Standards of Weights and Measures, &c.

Periodical Comparison of Imperial Standards and of the Three Parliamentary Copies.

Working Secondary Standards to be called Board of Trade Standards.

Periodical Comparison of Board of Trade

Cap. 81, 82. Etch Leases (Isle of Mari) 29 & 30 VICT.

1. The "Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts, 1842 and 1858," shall not after the passing of this Act extend or apply to the Isle of Man.

2. This Act may be cited as The Ecclesiastical Leases (Isle of Man) Act, 1866.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Standard Weights and Measures and to the Standard Trial Pieces of the Coin of the Realm.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Custody of the Imperial Standards of Length and of Weight, and of all Secondary Standards of Weights and Measures, and of all Balances, Apparatus, Books, Documents, and Things used in connexion therewith or relating thereto, deposited in the Office of the Exchequer at Westminster, or in the Custody of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, shall be and the same is hereby transferred to the Board of Trade, who shall have the Charge thereof, and shall have and perform all such Powers and Duties relative thereto, or otherwise relative to Standards of Weights and Measures, as are at the passing of this Act by Law vested in or imposed on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or in or on the Comptroller General of the Exchequer; and all Things done by the Board of Trade or any of their Officers, or at their Office, in relation to Standards of Weights and Measures, in pursuance of this Act, shall be as valid and shall have the like Effect and Consequences as if the same had been done by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or by the Comptroller General or other Officer of the Exchequer, or at the Office of the Exchequer.

2. The Board of Trade shall once in every Ten Years after the passing of this Act cause the Three Parliamentary Copies of the Imperial Standards of Length and of Weight deposited at the Royal Mint, with the Royal Society of London, and in the Royal Observatory of Greenwich, respectively, to be compared with the Imperial Standards of Length and of Weight and with each other.

3. The Secondary Standards of Length and of Weight and of Capacity, which before the passing of this Act have been in use in the Office of the Exchequer at Westminster, and have been known as the Exchequer Standards, and all legal Secondary Standards for the Time being in use under the Direction of the Board of Trade in pursuance of this Act, shall be called the Board of Trade Standards.

4. As soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and afterwards once at least in every Five Years, the

Board

49 L

1866. Standards of Weights, Measures, and Coinage. Cap. 82.

Board of Trade shall cause the Board of Trade Standards for the Time being in use to be compared with the Imperial Standards of Length and of Weight and with each other, and to be adjusted or renewed, if requisite.

5. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time by Order in Council to define the Amount of Error to be tolerated in other Secondary Standards of Length and of Weight and of Capacity when compared with the Board of Trade Standards.

6. Where at any Time any Secondary Standard of Length or of Weight or of Capacity has been derived from the Imperial Standards of Length and of Weight respectively, and duly verified and authenticated by Comparison therewith, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, by Order in Council, to declare the same to be a legal Secondary Standard of Length or of Weight or of Capacity, as the Case may be.

7. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time by Order in Council to declare that any legal Secondary Standard of Length or of Weight or of Capacity specified in such Order shall cease to be such a Standard.

8. All Orders in Council made under this Act, or made after the passing of this Act under any former Act relating to Standard Weights and Measures, shall be published in the London and Edinburgh and Dublin Gazettes, and laid before both Houses of Parliament.

9. From and after the passing of this Act an Indenture of Verification of any Standard, or any Indorsement on any such Indenture, shall not be liable to Stamp Duty, nor shall any Fee be payable on the Verification or Re-verification of any Standard.

10. For the Purposes of this Act, the Board of Trade shall constitute a Department of their Office, to be called the Standard Weights and Measures Department of the Board of Trade, and shall appoint as Head of that Department an Officer to be styled the Warden of the Standards, and shall appoint and employ so many Clerks and subordinate Officers, and at such Salaries, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time approve.

11. In addition to the Performance of the Duties imposed on the Board of Trade by this Act, it shall be the Duty of the Warden of the Standards to conduct all such Comparisons, Verifications, and other Operations with reference to Standards of Length, Weight, or Capacity, in aid of scientific Researches, or otherwise, as the Board of Trade from Time to Time authorize or direct.

12. The Warden of the Standards shall every Year make a Report to the Board of Trade on the Proceedings and Business of the Standard Weights and Measures Department, which Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

13. The Custody of the Standard Trial Pieces of Gold and Silver used for determining the Justness of the Gold and

Silver

Standards with Imperial Standards.

Definition of Amount of Error to be tolerated.

Authorization of further Secondary Standards by Order in Council.

Discontinuance of a Board of Trade Standard.

Publication of Orders in Council.

Abolition of Stamp Duty and Fees.

Standard Weights and Measures Department of Board of Trade.

Comparison of Standards &c. in aid of scientific ^Researches.

Annual Keport of Warden of Standards.

Transfer to Treasury of Custody of

Standard Trial Pieces for Coinage, &c.

Enactments

repealed.

Custody of Exchequer Records, &c. to remain.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 82. Standards of Weights, Measures, 8f Coinage.29 & 30 VICT.

Silver Coins of the Realm issued from the Royal Mint, and of all Books, Documents, and Things used in connexion therewith or relating thereto, deposited in the Office of the Exchequer at Westminster, or in the Custody of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, shall be and the same is hereby transferred to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who shall have the Charge thereof, and shall have and perform all such Powers and Duties relative thereto as are at the passing of this Act by Law vested in or imposed on the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, and the same shall be deposited and kept in such Place or Places and in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time by Warrant direct.

14. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed.

15. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, all Books and Documents at the passing of this Act in the Custody of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer other than those in this Act expressly referred to shall remain and be in his Custody, and he shall have the Charge thereof, as if this Act had not been passed.

16. This Act may be cited as The Standards of Weights, Measures, and Coinage Act, 1866.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

5 Geo. 4. c. 74. in part.

4 5 Will. 4.

"c. 15.

in part.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 63.

in part.

18'& 19 Vict. c. 72.

in part.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66.

in part.

An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures -

So much of Section Twelve relates to Fees.

An Act to regulate the Office of the

as

in part; namely, —

m Act to regulate the Office of the "| .

Receipt of His Majesty's Exche- Vn pa"; quer at Westminster - - J name L

Section Seven An Act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof -

So much of Section Five as relates to Fees,

An Act for legalizing and preserving the restored Standards of Weights and Measures Section Six.

An Act for regulating Measures used 1 in part; in Sales of Gas - / namely, -

So much of Section Six as relates to Fees.

lgl

ts >

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

. 1866.

National Gallery Enlargement.

Cap. 83.

493

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for the Enlargement of the National Gallery.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster should be enlarged and improved, and that for the Purpose of such ' Enlargement and Improvement the additional Lands described ' and shown in the Plans herein-after mentioned should be ' acquired and appropriated in manner herein-after mentioned, ' but such Acquisition and Appropriation cannot be effected

without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas duplicate Plans describing the Situation of the said Lands (herein-after referred to as the prescribed Lands), with a Book of

Reference thereto, containing the Names of the Owners and

Lessees or reputed Owners and Lessees, and of the Occu-f piers thereof, have been deposited with the Clerk of the

Peace for the County of Middlesex at his Office at the f Sessions House, Clerkenwell, in the said County, and with the c Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields at c his Office: And whereas Parts of the prescribed Lands are

now the Site of the Workhouse for the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, and other Parts thereof are now the 6 Site of the Parochial Schools of the said Parish, and other f Parts thereof are now the Site of the School founded by c Archbishop Tenison, and other Parts thereof belong to and s are now vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary f Land Revenues of the Crown, subject only to the existing c Leases and Tenancies thereof, which Leases and Tenancies are specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas a Provisional Agreement, a Copy whereof is f contained in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, has, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, been entered into by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with f the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish: And whereas it is expedient that the said Agreement should be confirmed,

and that the Arrangements thereby contemplated should be ' carried into effect by means of the Provisions contained in this Act: And whereas it is supposed that under and by ' virtue of an Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, intituled c An Act for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in

the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields for the Use of the 6 Poor, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, and an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Third, intituled c An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields within the Liberty 0/Westminster in the (County of Middlesex, the former of which Acts contains

Recitals of Letters Patent of King James the First and T t ' King

1 Ann. c. 21.

(Private.')

10 G. 3. c. 75.

Purposes of the Act.

Confirmation of Agreement.

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works as incorporated to carry this Act into effect.

No Part of prescribed Lands to be a Churchyard.

Cap. 83. National Gallery Enlargement. 29 & 30 VICT.

e King Charles the First, the legal Estate in such of the pre scribed Lands as are comprised in the said Agreement or (some Part thereof was and is vested in the Vicar and Church- wardens of the said Parish, as incorporated by the former of the said Two Acts, but only in trust for the said Parish: f And whereas it appears from the said Acts and the said f Letters Patent that the prescribed Lands, or Parts thereof, 6 form Part of a Piece of Ground formerly granted by King 6 James the First for a Churchyard for the said Parish, but no

Part of the prescribed Lands has within the Memory of e living Man been used as a Churchyard, and it is expedient that any Doubt as to the Uses to which the said Land is ' subject should be removed by express Enactment Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Purposes of this Act are the Acquisition and Appropriation of additional Lands for the Enlargement and Improvement of the National Gallery aforesaid, and the constructing and doing such Works and Things as are conducive to the Attainment of the above Purposes or any of them, or incidental thereto.

2. The said Agreement set forth in the First Schedule to this Act is hereby confirmed, subject to the Modifications thereof in this Act contained.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings as incorporated by the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and who are herein-after referred to as the Commissioners, shall have the Charge of carrying this Act into effect, but all the prescribed Lands, as and when they shall be acquired for or become appropriated to the Purposes of this Act shall be conveyed to or shall become or remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, or for such other Purposes of public Utility as may be sanctioned by Parliament: Nevertheless any Parts of the prescribed Lands which may not be required for the Purposes of this Act may be sold and disposed of by the Commissioners in manner by the said Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty authorized and prescribed, and the Commissioners in such Case shall have Power to convey all the Estate and Interest of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in the Land so sold or disposed of.

4. It is hereby declared, That no Part of the prescribed Lands is or shall be a Churchyard; nevertheless, if the Commissioners shall, in the Execution of the Works authorized by this Act, discover any Human Remains, Monuments, or Tombstones, they shall decently remove and dispose of the same in such Manner as the Bishop of London for the Time being shall direct.

5. The

1866. National Gallery Enlargement Cap. 83.

5. The Value of the Estate and Interest of Her Majesty in such of the prescribed Lands as are now vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown as aforesaid, together with the Amount of the Damage which will be caused to the Property of Her Majesty adjoining the prescribed Lands on the West Side thereof by the stopping up of the Streets and Passages by this Act authorized to be stopped up, shall forthwith be ascertained by a Surveyor to be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for that Purpose, and the Sum awarded by such Surveyor shall be paid by the Commissioners out of any Monies which have been or may be placed at their Disposal by Parliament for that Object to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to be by them applied to the same Purposes as Monies arising from the Sale of Estates belonging to the Crown are directed to be applied by the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, and from and after such Payment such of the prescribed Lands as are now vested in Her Majesty as aforesaid shall cease to be Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown, but shall remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

6. The Rents in arrear at the passing of this Act, and the Rents which shall accrue due down to and inclusive of the First quarterly or half-yearly Day of Payment which shall happen after the Payment to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Sum to be awarded as herein-before mentioned in respect of all those Parts of the prescribed Lands which now belong to Her Majesty as aforesaid, shall be received by the last-mentioned Commissioners, who shall pay to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings an apportioned Part of such Rents, when received, in respect of the Time between the Payment of the aforesaid Sum and the next quarterly or half-yearly Day of Payment; and after such quarterly or half-yearly Day of Payment as shall happen next after the Payment of the Sum aforesaid the said Rents shall be received by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

7. The Commissioners shall, out of any Monies which have been or may be placed at their Disposal by Parliament for that Object, pay to the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish the several Sums mentioned in the said Agreement contained in the said First Schedule, hereto, at the Times and in manner in the same Agreement mentioned.

8. On Payment by the Commissioners, out of such Monies as aforesaid, of the First Instalment or Sum of Twenty-two thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eightpence, mentioned in the said Agreement, all the Buildings, Land, and Hereditaments in the same Agreement mentioned shall become and remain vested in Her Majesty,

495

Value of the Crown Property to be ascertained by a Surveyor to he appointed by the Treasury, and the Amount to be paid to Commissioners of Woods.

Payment and Apportionment of Rents of Crown Property.

Payments to Guardians of the Poor, at the Times, &c. mentioned in Pirst Schedule.

On Payment of First Instalment mentioned in the said Agreement, Lands to vest in Her Majesty for the

496

Purposes of the Act.

Monies payable to Guardians of the Poor to be paid into the Bank.

As to Purchase of Remainder of prescribed Lands.

St. Martin-in-the-Fields and Archbishop Tenison's Schools not to he taken without Consent.

Commissioners may enter to survey or value.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106., with certain Exceptions, incorporated.

Cap. 83. National Gallery Enlargement. 29 & 30 VICT.

Her Heirs and Successors* for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, for all the Estate and Interest therein of the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish, or of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish, subject nevertheless to such Lien and to such Eight of Occupation as in the same Agreement are mentioned; and it is hereby declared that such Right of Occupation shall absolutely cease at the Expiration of the Time fixed or to be fixed by or according to the said Agreement, whether there shall then be a new Workhouse duly provided for the said Parish or not.

9. All Monies payable under this Act to the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of "The Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields in the County of Middlesex

10. The Commissioners may, out of any Monies which have been or may be placed at their Disposal by Parliament for that Object, purchase, acquire, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act all or any Part of the Remainder of the prescribed Lands, or any Estate or Interest in any of the prescribed Lands.

11. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in the Acts incorporated herewith contained, it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to take or use for the Purposes of this Act any Lands belonging to the Parochial Schools of the said Parish, or to the School founded by Archbishop Tenison as aforesaid, otherwise than by Agreement.

12. The Commissioners, their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, may at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, enter into and upon any of the prescribed Lands other than the Lands belonging to the Parochial Schools of the said Parish, or to the School founded by Archbishop Tenison as aforesaid, for the Purposes of surveying or valuing the same.

13. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts of 1845 and 1860 shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exceptions and subject to the Provisions herein-before contained, and also with the Exceptions and Additions and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained; (that is to say,)

1. There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Provi-

sions in Section 16 of the Act of 1845, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; or the Provisions relating to affording Access to the Special Act.

2. In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated

Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the Special Act, and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be Cff The Promoters of the Undertaking."

3. The Bond required by Section 85 of the Act of 1845

shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners,

and

1866. National Gallery Enlargement. Cap. 83. 497

and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned.

4. The Term " Sheriff " used in the Provisions of the Act of 1845, relating to the Reference to a Jury, shall be deemed to apply to the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy.

14. Upon the Purchase or Acquisition for the Purposes of Extinction of this Act of the prescribed Lands or any Part thereof (save Rights of Way as herein-after provided), all Rights of Way, Rights of laying ments^ aSe" down or of continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, on,

through, or under such Lands or Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to such Land or Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways, and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, shall vest or continue vested in Her Majesty, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from the Commissioners such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and for the Purposes of this Section Duke's Court and the Passage through the East Wing of the National Gallery shall be deemed to be acquired or be vested for the Purposes of this Act at the same Time as the Workhouse and Hereditaments comprised in the said Agreement.

15. The Limit for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under Compulsory

this Act shall be Five Years. Purchases.

16. The Commissioners may, for the Purpose of enlarging Commissioners or improving the National Gallery, acquire by Purchase or may^acquire otherwise any Lands, or Interest in Lands or Easements, and Agreement for for the Purposes of such Acquisition the said Lands Clauses the Purposes of Consolidation Acts shall be deemed to apply, with the Excep- the Act-

tion of so much thereof as relates to the Purchase of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

17. The Commissioners may pull down and remove any Powers to Buildings on the prescribed Lands, and may construct thereon Commissioners such Buildings and Works, and do all such other Things as may

in their Opinion be necessary or expedient in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act or any of them.

18. Nothing in this Act shall extend to take away or impair As to Eights

any Rights or Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works of

in relation to any Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses.

19. All Buildings erected on the prescribed Lands shall be Buildings

exempt from the Operation of the First Part of "The Metro- JgX^/vict politan Buildings Act, 1855." c. 122.

20. No Purchase shall be made by the Commissioners for No Purchase the Purposes of this Act without the Consent in Writing of to be made the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not Authority of be necessary for any Vendor, or any Purchaser from the Com- the Treasury.

498

Authentication of Notices.

Contracts made by First Commissioner of Works to be valid.

Monies payable to the Commissioners to be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General.

Orders concerning Money paid into Court may be made at Chambers.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

Deeds not liable to Stamp Duty.

Cap. 83. National Gallery Enlargement. 29 & 30 VICT.

missioners, to ascertain that such Assent has been given, nor shall the Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Yen-dor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent, and any such Assent may be given either generally or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury may seem meet.

21. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the Solicitor or Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners, and need not be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners.

22. All Contracts in Writing made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners hereby incorporated as aforesaid shall be valid, and shall be binding on the Commissioners as if the same had been under their Corporate Seal.

23. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from the Sale of any Materials or otherwise shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General, or the Deputy Paymaster General for the Time being, or other Officer acting for the Paymaster General, whose Receipt, unstamped, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same to the Persons paying the same, and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be by such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, if the Commissioners shall so direct.

24. All Orders which under this Act the Court of Chancery is empowered to make on Motion or Petition in relation to any Money paid into the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, or the Costs of any Application, may be made by any Judge of the said Court, upon Application to him while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had, subject nevertheless to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court on any such Applications.

25. If any Person wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Commissioners in the lawful Exercise of the Power vested in them under this Act, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

26. No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument made by, to, or with the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now

in

1866. National Gallery Enlargement, Cap. 83. 499

in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments are specially charged therewith in such future Act.

27. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any Land by this Act authorized to be purchased is conveyed or assigned to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Books of the Commissioners, and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument, when so enrolled, shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be good and available in Law, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

28. A Copy of the Plan of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall remain at the said Office to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, have Liberty to inspect the same.

29. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The National Gallery Enlargement Act, 1866."

Deeds to be enrolled in Court of Exchequer.

Plan to be deposited in the Office of Works, and to be open for Inspection.

[Short Title.]

The FIRST SCHEDULE above referred to.

Agreement for Purchase of the Site of the Workhouse.

Articles of Agreement made the 20th Day of April 1866, between the Right Honourable William Francis Cowper, First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, of the one Part, and the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields in the County of Middlesex of the other Part.

It is agreed as follows:

1. The First Commissioner shall purchase, and the Guardians shall sell, for the Sum of 67,000l., all that the present Work-house of the said Parish, with the Dwellings, Offices, Buildings, Yards, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, coloured Red on the Plan drawn in the Margin hereof, with such Parts of the Streets and Ways abutting thereon as belong thereto, to be vested in Her Majesty, for the Purpose of enlarging the National Gallery, or for other Purposes of public Utility.

2. The said Sum of 67,000l., to be called " the Workhouse Fund," shall be paid to the Guardians of the said Parish for the Time being in the following Instalments; videlicet, the Sum of 22, 333/. 65. 8d., being One Third thereof, within One Calendar Month after the intended Act or Acts herein-after mentioned shall have been passed, the Sum of 15,000l. on the 1st Day of January 1867, and the Remainder thereof, being 29, 666/. 13^. 4d., on the 1st Day of August 1867; to be applied by them in the first Place in the Purchase of Sites for a new

Workhouse

500

Cap. 83. National Gallery Enlargement. 29 & 30 VICT.

Workhouse for the said Parish in some suitable Place within or not within the said Parish, subject to the Direction of the Poor Law Board, and also an auxiliary Workhouse for Casual Poor and Cases of Emergency in some suitable Place within the said Parish, subject to such Direction as aforesaid; and in the next place in building, fitting up, and completing such new Workhouse and auxiliary Workhouse, and in supplying and furnishing the same with suitable Fixtures and Fittings; and the Surplus, if any, shall be invested, under the Direction of the Poor Law Board, at Interest, which Interest shall be applied in Relief of the Poor Rates of the said Parish, subject nevertheless to the Provisions of the intended Act or Acts of Parliament herein-after mentioned.

3. On Payment of the First Instalment of the said Purchase Money the said Workhouse and Hereditaments firstly hereinbefore mentioned shall be absolutely conveyed to or vested in Her Majesty, subject only to a Lien for the Residue of the Purchase Money: Nevertheless the Guardians shall be entitled to the Use thereof, without paying any Rent or any Interest on the Purchase Money, until the 1st Day of October 1868, or such other Day as the Secretary of State for the Home Department may at any Time, not less than Three Calendar Months before the said 1st Day of October 1868, fix, by Writing under his Hand, such Day nevertheless not to be later than the 31st Day of December 1869, or One Year after the Payment of the last Instalment of the Purchase Money, whichever shall last happen.

4. This Agreement is only to take effect in the event of an Act or Acts being passed in the present Session of Parliament giving the necessary Powers for carrying it into execution, either with or without Modifications, and also enabling the said Guardians, or other proper Persons for the Time being, to purchase by Agreement a Site for such new Workhouse as aforesaid, and to acquire compulsorily a Site within the said Parish for such auxiliary Workhouse as aforesaid.

5. The said First Commissioner will pay to the said Guardians for the Time being, or as they shall appoint, all their Costs, Charges, and Expenses properly incurred or to be incurred in surveying and valuing the Workhouse and Premises hereby contracted to be sold; and the Costs and Expenses incurred and to be incurred in the Preparation of this Agreement, or in connexion therewith, and also their Costs, Charges, and Expenses (incurred or to be incurred) preparatory to and of and incident to obtaining the intended Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, or procuring the Insertion of proper Clauses in such intended Act or Acts.

6. All Monies hereby agreed to be paid shall be payable only out of such Monies (if any) as may be voted by Parliament for that Purpose, and nothing herein shall in any Case

create

1866.

National Gallery Enlargement. Cap. 83, 84.

create any personal Obligation on the said First Commissioner or on the said Guardians, any or either of them.

Witness the Hand of the said William Francis Cowper and the Corporate Seal of the said Guardians.

Signed by the said William Francis '"x

Cowper, in the Presence of / Corporate

Alfred Austin, Seal of the 1

Secretary to Her Majesty's Office V Guardians.)

of Works.

W. F. Cowper.

The SECOND SCHEDULE above referred to.

Particulars of the Leases to which the Crown Property is subject

Names of Lessees. Premises. No. Annual Rent. Date of Lease. Term. Expiration of Lease.

£ s. d.

James Haward A Messuage on the West Side of St. Martin's Place. 1 37 0 0 17 th April 1832. 99 Years 5th April 1930.

James Haward Ditto - 2 34 0 0 16th April 1832. 99 Years 5 th April 1930.

William Thomas Nixon. Ditto - 3 47 2 6 16th April 1832. 99 Years 5th April 1930.

Baron Dover, Rev. George Richards, D.D., and William Jacob. Ditto - 4 110 5 0 6th August 1831. 99 Years 10th October 1929.

Duke of Somerset, Marquis of Camden , EarlSpencer, Earl Clarendon, Earl of Hardwicke, and Lord Dynevor (the Trustees of the Provident Institution forSavings established at St. Martin's Place). Ditto - 5 189 0 0 17th April 1832. 99 Years 5th July 1929.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Profession of Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland, and to assimilate them to those in England.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend, alter, and consoli-

f date the Laws relating to the Admission and Enrolment of Attorneys and Solicitors, and to the Service of indentured Apprentices to Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland,

and

502 Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Short Title.]

No Person to act as an Attorney or Solicitor unless admitted and enrolled.

and to establish a Registrar of all such Attorneys, Solicitors, ' and Apprentices: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the stune, as follows:

1. In the Construction of this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " Attorney" shall mean Attorney of One or more of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin; the Word "Solicitor" shall mean Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; the Word " Registrar" shall mean the Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors; the Expression cc the Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors kept by the Registrar" shall mean the Roll or Book, Rolls or Books, of Attorneys and Solicitors, which by this Act the Registrar is required to keep; and the Expression " the Incorporated Law Society" shall mean "the Society of the Attorneys and Solicitors of Ireland " acting under their present or any future Charter.

2. This Act may be cited as " The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866."

3. Prom and after the passing of this Act no Person shall act as an Attorney or Solicitor, or as such Attorney or Solicitor sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, carry on, solicit, or defend any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, in the Name of any other Person or in his own Name, in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or in the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Dublin, or in the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Court of Probate in Ireland, or in the Landed Estates Court in Ireland, or in the Court of any Chairman of any County or Riding of a County, or in any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, or in any other Court of Law or Equity in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, or act as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Cause, Matter, or Suit, civil or criminal, to be heard, tried, or determined before any Justice of Assize, of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place, or before any Justice or Justices, unless such Person shall have been previously to the passing of this Act admitted and enrolled and otherwise duly qualified to act as an Attorney or Solicitor under or by virtue of the Laws now in force, or unless such Person shall after the passing of this Act be admitted and enrolled and registered and otherwise duly qualified to act as an Attorney or Solicitor pursuant to the Directions and Regulations of this Act, and unless such Person shall continue to be so duly qualified and registered and on the Roll at the Time of his acting in the Capacity of an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, except as herein-after mentioned.

4. No

1866.

503

Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland), Cap. 84.

4. No Person shall from and after the passing of this Act be capable of being admitted* enrolled* and registered as an Attorney or Solicitor save as herein-after provided* unless such Person shall have been bound by Indentures of Apprenticeship to serve as an Apprentice for and during the Term of Five Years to a practising Attorney or Solicitor in Ireland* and shall have duly served under such Indentures for and during the said Term of Five Years* and also unless such Person shall* after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years* have been examined in the Manner herein-after directed and sworn as by the Laws now in force required previously to such Admission* Enrolment* and Registration.

5. No Attorney or Solicitor shall take* have* or retain any Apprentice who shall be bound by Indentures as aforesaid after such Attorney or Solicitor shall have discontinued or left off practising as or carrying on the Business of an Attorney or Solicitor* nor whilst such Attorney or Solicitor shall be retained or employed as a Writer or Clerk by any other Attorney or Solicitor* and Service by any Apprentice under Indentures to an Attorney or Solicitor for and during any Part of the Time that such Attorney or Solicitor shall be so employed as Writer or Clerk by any other Attorney or Solicitor shall not be deemed or accounted as good Service under such Indentures.

6. In case any Attorney or Solicitor to whom any Apprentice shall be bound by Indentures as aforesaid shall* before the End or Determination of such Contract* become bankrupt, or take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors* or be imprisoned for Debt and remain in Prison for the Space of Twenty-one Days* it shall be lawful for any of the said Courts of Law or Equity wherein such Attorney or Solicitor is admitted as aforesaid, upon the Application of such Apprentice* to order and direct the said Indentures to be discharged* or assigned to such Person and upon such Terms and in such Manner as herein-after mentioned, or otherwise as the said Court shall think fit.

7. Any Person having taken the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Laws in the University of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin* Durham* or London, or in the Queen's University in Ireland* or the Degree of Bachelor of Arts* Master of Arts* Bachelor of Laws* or Doctor of Laws in any of the Universities of Scotland* none of such Degrees being honorary Degrees* and who at any Time after having taken such Degree* and either before or after the passing of this Act* has been bound by and has duly served under Indentures of Apprenticeship to a practising Attorney or Solicitor for the Term of Three Years* and has been examined and sworn in manner herein-after mentioned* and in accordance with the Practice of the Court of Chancery or Superior Courts of Law in Ireland* may be admitted and enrolled and registered as an Attorney or Solicitor; and where any Person has* before the passing of this Act* and at any Time after having taken such Degree* been bound as

aforesaid

No Person to be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor unless be shall have served an Apprenticeship of Pive Years.

No Attorney to take or retain any Apprentice after discontinuing Business, nor whilst Clerk to another Attorney.

In ease Attorney become bankrupt or insolvent or be imprisoned, Indentures to be discharged or assigned.

Persons having taken Degrees at certain Universities may be admitted after Three Years Service.

Persons having been at the Bar may be admitted after Three Years Service.

Persons attending certain Lectures and passing certain Examinations in Faculty of Law during Two collegiate Years may be admitted after Four Years Service.

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Irela?id). 29 & 30 VICT\

aforesaid for any Period exceeding Three Years, he may, after having duly served Three Years of such Term in such Manner as would have been required if he had been bound for Three Years only, and having been examined and sworn as aforesaid, and with the Consent in Writing (endorsed on his Indentures of Apprenticeship) of the Attorney or Solicitor to whom he may be bound to the immediate Determination of his Indentures of Apprenticeship, be admitted, enrolled, and registered as an Attorney or Solicitor; and where such Consent is given as aforesaid, and acted upon under this Provision by the Person hereby made eligible to be admitted, enrolled and registered as aforesaid, the Indentures of Apprenticeship shall be deemed to have determined as if they had determined by Effluxion of Time.

8. Every Person who either before or after the passing of this Act has been called to the Degree of Utter Barrister in Ireland, and after ceasing to be a Barrister has been bound by Indenture to serve as an Apprentice for any Term exceeding Three Years to a practising Attorney or Solicitor, and has in either of the said Cases continued in such Service for the Term of Three Years, and during the whole of such Three Years served in such Manner as is herein-before required in the Case of Persons who have taken Degrees in the said Universities, and been examined and sworn as aforesaid, after the Expiration of such Term of Three Years, may be admitted, enrolled, and registered as an Attorney and Solicitor: Provided always, that in the Case of any such Person as aforesaid who has been bound for a Period exceeding Three Years, it shall be necessary for such Term to be determined with Consent as herein-before provided in the Case of Persons having taken Degrees who may have been bound for a Period exceeding Three Years before the passing of this Act.

9. Every Person who, as a matriculated or as a non-matriculated Student of the University of Dublin or of any of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland, shall have attended or shall attend any prescribed Lectures, and shall have passed or shall pass any prescribed Examinations of the Professors of the Faculty of Law in the said University of Dublin or in any of the said Queen's Colleges for a Period of Two collegiate Years, and who shall have duly served as an Apprentice under Indentures for the Term of Four Years, in like Manner as by this Act provided respecting the Service for the Term of Five Years, shall at any Time after the Expiration of Five Years from the Commencement of such Attendance on Lectures, or of such Period of Service, which shall first happen, be qualified to be sworn and to be admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively, according to the Nature of his Service, of the several and respective Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as any Person having been bound and having served Five Years is qualified to be sworn and to be admitted or enrolled and registered

SO 5

1866. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84.

registered an Attorney or Solicitor under or by virtue of this Act.

10. Any Person who, either before or after the passing of this Act., shall for the Term of Ten Years have been a bona fide Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, or Attorneys or Solicitors, and during that Term shall have been bona fide engaged in the Transaction and Performance, under the Direction and Superintendence of such Attorney or Solicitor, or Attorneys or Solicitors, of such Matters of Business as are usually transacted and performed by Attorneys and Solicitors, and who shall produce to the Examiners satisfactory Evidence that he has faithfully, honestly, and diligently served as such Clerk, and who, after the Expiration of the said Term of Ten Years, and after having been examined as may have been or may be required for the Time being of Persons seeking to become Apprentices to Attorneys or Solicitors, has been bound by and has duly served under Indentures of Apprenticeship to a practising Attorney or Solicitor for the Term of Three Years, and has been examined and sworn in the Manner for the Time being required in case of the Admission of Persons as Attorneys and Solicitors, may be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney and Solicitor; and where any such Person has, before the passing of this Act, been bound for any Period exceeding Three Years, he may, after having duly served Three Years of such Term, in such Manner as would have been required if he had been bound for Three Years only, and having been examined and sworn as aforesaid, and with the Consent in Writing (endorsed on his Indentures of Apprenticeship) of the Attorney or Solicitor to whom he may be bound to the immediate Determination of his Indentures of Apprenticeship, be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney and Solicitor; and where such Consent is given as aforesaid, and acted upon, under this Provision, by the Person hereby made eligible to be admitted and enrolled as aforesaid, the Indentures of Apprenticeship shall be deemed to have determined as if they had determined by Effluxion of Time.

11. No Apprentice within the Eighth Section, and no Apprentice within the Tenth Section, who shall have served Two Years or upwards of the said Term of Ten Years in the Dublin Office of an Attorney or Solicitor or Firm of Attorneys or Solicitors, shall be required to attend Lectures or keep Terms in Dublin during his Apprenticeship,

12. Whenever any Person shall after the passing of this Act be bound by Indentures to serve as an Apprentice to any Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, the Attorney or Solicitor to whom such Person shall be so bound as aforesaid shall, within Six Months after the Date of every such Indentures, make and duly swear, or cause or procure to be made and duly sworn, an Affidavit or Affidavits of such Attorney or Solicitor having been duly admitted, and also of the actual Execution of every such Indentures by him the said Attorney or Solicitor, and by the Person so to be bound to serve him as an Apprentice

Persons having been bona fide Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors for Ten Years may be admitted after Three Years Service.

Certain Apprentices not required to keep Terms.

Affidavit to be made and filed within Six Months of Execution of Articles, and the Articles to be enrolled.

If not filed within Six Months the Service to reckon from Day of filing, unless, &c.

Affidavit to he produced on applying for Admission.

as aforesaid; and in every such Affidavit shall be specified the Names of every such Attorney or Solicitor, and of every such Person so bound, and their Places of Abode respectively, together with the Day on which such Indentures were actually executed; and every such Affidavit shall be filed within Six Months next after the Execution of the said Indentures, with and by the Officer appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose as herein-after mentioned, who shall thereupon enrol and register the said Indentures, and shall make and sign a Memorandum of the Day of filing such Affidavit upon such Affidavit, and also upon the said Indentures.

13. Provided always, That in case such Affidavit be not filed within such Six Months, the same may be filed by the said Officer after the Expiration thereof; but the Service of such Apprentice shall be reckoned to commence and be computed from the Day of filing such Affidavit, unless One of the said Courts of Law or Equity shall otherwise order.

14. No Person who shall from and after the passing of this Act become bound as aforesaid shall be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor before such Affidavit so marked as aforesaid shall have been produced to the Court or Judge to whom such Person shall apply to be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor in pursuance of the Provisions herein-after contained, unless such Court or Judge shall be satisfied that the same cannot be produced, and shall think fit to dispense with the Production thereof.

Book to be kept for entering the Substance of Affidavits with the Names, &c. of Attorney and Apprentice,

&c., which may be searched.

Apprentices whose Masters have died or left off Practice may enter into fresh Indentures for the Residue of their Term.

15. The Officer so appointed or to be appointed for filing such Affidavits as aforesaid shall keep a Book wherein shall be entered the Substance of every Affidavit which shall be so filed as aforesaid, specifying the Name and Place of Abode of the Attorney or Solicitor to whom any Person shall be bound to serve as an Apprentice, and of the Apprentice or Person who shall be so bound as aforesaid, and of the Person making such Affidavit, with the Date of the Indentures in such Affidavit mentioned or referred to, and the Days of swearing and filing every such Affidavit respectively; and such Officer shall be at liberty to take, at the Time of filing every such Affidavit, the Sum mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and no more, as a Recompence for his Trouble in filing such Affidavits and preparing and keeping such Books as aforesaid; and such Books shall and may be searched in Office Hours by any Person whomsoever ^without Fee or Reward.

16. If any Attorney or Solicitor to or with whom any such Person shall be so bound shall happen to die before the Expiration of the Term for which such Person shall be so bound, or shall discontinue or leave off Practice as an Attorney or Solicitor, or if such Indentures shall by mutual Consent of the Parties be cancelled, or in case such Apprentice shall be legally discharged before the Expiration of such Term by any Rule or Order of the Court wherein such Attorney or Solicitor shall have been admitted, such Apprentice shall and may in

any

507

1866. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84,

any of the said Cases be bound by other Indentures or by an Assignment of his former Indentures to serve as Apprentice to any other practising Attorney or Solicitor or Attorneys or Solicitors during the Residue of the said Term; and Service under such Second or other Indentures or under such Assignment in manner herein-after mentioned shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual* provided that an Affidavit be duly made and filed of the Execution of such Second or other Indentures* or of such Assignment* or of the making of any Order under the next Section of this Act* within the Time and in the Manner herein-before directed, and subject to the like Regulations with respect to the original Indentures and Affidavit of the Execution thereof* in so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto.

17. In the event of any Apprentice requiring to have an Assignment made of his Indentures under the last preceding Section* it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland or for the Superior Courts of Common Law at Dublin* or for any One of the Judges of the said Courts* upon Application being duly made by or on behalf of such Apprentice* and in case it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge that a Difficulty exists in procuring such Assignment to be executed from any Cause whatsoever* to order that such Indentures shall be so assigned to such Person as to the Court or Judge may seem fit* and upon the making of any such Order the said Indentures shall be deemed and taken to be absolutely assigned in as full and ample a Manner as if an Assignment thereof had been duly executed by some Person or Persons legally entitled to assign the same.

18. Every Person who shall have been or shall be bound as an Apprentice as aforesaid shall* before he be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor according to this Act* prove by an Affidavit of himself and of the Attorney or Solicitor to whom he was bound as aforesaid* to be duly made and filed with the proper Officer herein-before mentioned* that he hath actually and really served and been employed by such practising Attorney or Solicitor* and that he has not held any Office or engaged in any Employment whatsoever other than the Employment of Apprentice to such Attorney or Solicitor and his Partner and Partners in the Business* Practice* and Employment of an Attorney and Solicitor during the whole Time and in the Manner required by the Provisions of this Act; and such Affidavit may be in the Form to be approved by the Judges of the Court wherein such Person shall apply to be admitted.

19. The Lord Chancellor* Lords Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas* and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Master of the Rolls in Ireland* or any Three or more of them* shall from Time to Time make Regulations for the Examination in such Branches of general Knowledge as they may deem proper* of

Power to Courts and Judges to order Assignments under last Section.

Apprentices before Admission to make Affidavit of having served.

Judges may require Examination in general Knowledge, either before Indentures or before Admission, with

508

Power to dispense therewith in special Cases.

Judges may require an Examination in legal Knowledge during Articles.

Persons on applying for Admission as Attorneys to be examined as to Pitness and Capacity.

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

all Persons hereafter becoming bound under Indentures of Apprenticeship to Attorneys or Solicitors, and the said Judges by such Regulations shall require such Examinations to be passed both before Persons so become bound, and also before such Persons shall apply to be admitted Attorneys or Solicitors, as to the said Judges may seem fit, and the said Judges or any Three of them may from Time to Time revoke or alter any such Regulations as they think fit for conducting such Examination as aforesaid; and no Person required to pass such Examination shall be capable of being bound as aforesaid, where such Examination is required to be passed before being bound, or of being admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor where such Examination is required to be passed at any Time before Admission, unless before being bound or before being admitted (as the Case may require) he obtain from the Examiner a Certificate of having satisfactorily passed such Examination: Provided always, that the said Judges or any Three or more of them may, where under special Circumstances they see fit so to do, dispense with Compliance with such Regulations entirely or partially, or subject to any such Conditions as to them or him may seem fit.

20. The Lords Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, jointly with the Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, may from Time to Time, if they see fit, make Regulations for the Examination of Persons hereafter becoming bound under Indentures of Apprenticeship as aforesaid, at such Times or Periods of their Service under such Indentures, as the said Judges may think fit and direct, in order to ascertain the Progress made by such Persons in acquiring the Knowledge necessary for rendering them fit and capable to act as Attorneys or Solicitors, and such Examination shall be conducted by the Examiners to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned in this Behalf; and the said Judges may by such Regulations, in the Case of Persons who fail to pass such Examination to the Satisfaction of the Examiners, postpone either for a definite Time or such Time as the said Examiners may in each Case think proper, and either conditionally or otherwise, the Examination required to be passed at the Expiration of the Term of Service under Indentures and before Admission.

21. It shall be lawful for the Chief Justices of the said Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and for the Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, before any Person shall be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, as the Case may be, to examine and inquire by such Ways and Means as he or they shall think proper touching the Apprenticeship and Service and the Fitness

509

1866, Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84.

ness and Capacity of such Person to act as an Attorney or Solicitor, and if the Judges or Lord Chancellor and Master of the Rolls as aforesaid shall be satisfied by such Examination, or by the Certificate of such Examiners as herein-after mentioned, that such Person is duly qualified and fit and competent to act as an Attorney and Solicitor, as the Case may be, then, and not otherwise, the said Judge or Judges, Lord Chancellor, and Master of the Rolls shall and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to administer or cause to be ad mini stered to such Person the Oath now by Law required to be taken by Persons requiring to be admitted as Attorneys and Solicitors, and after such Oaths taken to cause him to be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor of such Court, and his Name to be enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor of such Court and registered, which Admission shall be written on Parchment, and signed by such Judge or Judges, Chancellor, or Master of the Rolls respectively, or any Three or more of them.

22. The Examination which under this Act is authorized and required touching the Fitness and Capacity of a Person to act as an Attorney or as a Solicitor (as the Case may be) after the Expiration of the Term of his Service under Indentures and before his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor, shall be deemed to include such Examination touching his Fitness and Capacity to act in Matters of Business usually transacted or performed by Attorneys or Solicitors as the Examiners for the Time being deem proper, subject nevertheless to any Rules, Orders, or Regulations for conducting the said Examination to be from Time to Time made in manner herein provided.

23. Whenever any of the Periods of Three Years, Four Years, and Five Years mentioned in this Act (whether the same Period shall have commenced before or after the passing of this Act) shall expire in any Vacation, then and in such Case any Person whose Period of Apprenticeship shall so expire shall be at liberty to pass his Examination in the Term immediately preceding the said Vacation; and at any Time in or after such Vacation, and after the said Period of Apprenticeship shall have expired, the Lord Chancellor of Ireland or the Master of the Rolls as to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and any One of the Judges as to the Courts of Common Law at Dublin, on being satisfied by Affidavit or otherwise that the Period of Apprenticeship of such Person has expired, may proceed to administer to him the Oath or Oaths usually taken in Ireland by Apprentices before being admitted, and may do all other Acts necessary for or towards the Admission, Enrolment, and Registration of such Person as an Attorney and Solicitor.

24. For the Purpose of facilitating the Inquiries and Examinations aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, and the Three

Uu 3

Chief

Oaths to be administered.

Examination before Admission to extend to all Matters of Business usually transacted or performed by Attorneys or Solicitors.

Where the Three, Four, or Five Years expire in any Vacation, Examination may take place in Term preceding such Vacation.

Judges may

appoint

Examiners.

510

Judges may

appoint

Professors.

The proper Officers for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, and for having the Care of the Rolls.

Names of . Attorneys to be enrolled in alphabetical Order.

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Chief Judges of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Ireland (or any Three or more of them) from Time to Time to appoint such Person or Persons to be Examiner or Examiners for the Purposes aforesaid as to the said Judges shall seem fit, such Examiner or Examiners to be selected from Persons who shall have been nominated in Writing to them by the Incorporated Law Society.

25. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to institute and appoint a Professorship or Professorships for the Benefit of Persons seeking to be admitted as Attorneys and Solicitors, and such Professorship or Professorships "shall be filled by a Barrister or Barristers of not less than Six Years Standing, who shall hold Office for such Period as the said Judges shall direct, and the said Judges shall and are hereby required to make such Rules and Regulations with respect to Lectures to be delivered by the said Professor or Professors, and to the Attendance of Indentured Apprentices upon such Lectures of the said Professor or Professors, and the Subjects upon which such Lectures shall be delivered, and with respect to the several Examinations aforesaid, as to them shall seem fitting; and every Person seeking to be admitted as such Apprentice shall, upon his Admission, in addition to any other Fees by this Act required to be paid, and in case in the Opinion of such Judges any such Payment shall be necessary, pay to the Incorporated Law Society such Fees as in the Opinion of the said Judges shall be sufficient to create a Fund for the Payment of the Salary of the said Professor or Professors, and as they shall by any Rule or Order direct and require; and the Salary of such Professor or Professors and of all Examiners to be appointed as hereinbefore provided shall be paid by the said Incorporated Law Society out of the Fees to be received by them under the Provisions of this Act; and the said Society shall render an Account of all such Fees as herein-after provided in reference to the other Fees by this Act authorized to be paid to them.

26. From and after the passing of this Act the Masters of the several Courts of Law in Dublin, or such other Person or Persons as the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall for that Purpose severally and respectively appoint, shall be deemed and taken to be proper Officers for filing such Affidavits as aforesaid in the said respective Courts, and they shall have the Custody and Care of the Rolls or Books wherein Persons are at present enrolled as Attorneys in the said respective Courts, and shall and they are hereby respectively required from Time to Time to enrol the Name of every Person who shall be admitted an Attorney in the said respective Courts

pureuant

1866.

511

Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84.

pursuant to the Directions in this Act, and the Time when admitted, in alphabetical Order in Rolls or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose in their several and respective Offices; and also that the Registrars of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or such other Person or Persons as the Master of the Rolls shall for that Purpose appoint, shall have the Custody and Care of the Rolls or Books wherein Persons are at present enrolled as Solicitors, and which said Registrars or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed as last mentioned shall be deemed and taken as the proper Officer or Officers for filing such Affidavits as herein before mentioned in the Court of Chancery; and he and they is and are hereby also respectively required from Time to Time, without Fee or Reward, to enrol the Name of every Person who shall be admitted a Solicitor pursuant to the Directions in this Act, and the Time when admitted, in alphabetical Order in Rolls or Books to be kept for that Purpose, to which Rolls or Books in the said Courts of Law or Equity respectively all Persons shall and may have free Access without Fee or Reward.

27. The Masters or other Officers having respectively the Custody of the Rolls or Books kept for the Enrolment of Attorneys or Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, and the Registrars of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall within Seven Days after the End of every Term transmit to the Registrar, at the Expense of such Registrar, a Copy, under the Hands of such Masters and of the Registrars of the Court of Chancery or One of them respectively, or under the Seals of their respective Courts, of such Rolls or Books, so far as the same relate to Attorneys or Solicitors enrolled within such Term.

28. From and after the passing of this Act there shall be a Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors, and it shall be the Duty of such Registrar to keep an alphabetical Roll or Book or Rolls or Books of all' Attorneys and Solicitors, to be called the Register of Attorneys and Solicitors, and to issue Certificates of Persons who have been admitted and enrolled as Attorneys or Solicitors when required so to do; and it shall be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland (or any Three or more of them, of whom the Lord Chancellor or Master of the Rolls shall be One,) to make such Orders, Directions, and Regulations touching the Performance and Execution of the Duties aforesaid as they shall think proper; and such Registrar or some Person duly appointed by him shall have free Access to and shall be at liberty from Time to Time to examine and take Copies or Extracts, without Fee or Reward, of all Rolls or Books kept for the Enrolment of Attorneys and Solicitors in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law at Dublin, and the Office of such Registrar

shall

jN ames of Solicitors to be enrolled in alphabetical Order.

Officers having Custody of Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors to transmit to Registrars, Copies of Enrolments at the End of each Term.

Appointment oflncorporated Law Society as Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors.

IndeDtures of Apprenticeship to be produced to the Registrar and entered within Three Months from Enrolment.

Commissioners of Stamps not to grant any Certificate until Registrar has certified that the Person applying is entitled thereto.

On Application for Certificate a Declaration to be signed and entered in a Book,

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

shall be vested in the Incorporated Society of the Attorneys and Solicitors of Ireland" either under their present or any future Charter of Incorporation.

29. The Indentures whereby any Person si all be bound to serve as an Apprentice to any Attorney or Solicitor, and also any Assignment thereof, shall, within Three Months after the same has or have been respectively enrolled and registered pursuant to this Act, be produced to the Registrar, who shall enter the Names of the Parlies to and the Date of such Indenture, and ako of such Assignment, if any, and the Term of Service, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and the Registrar shall mark such Indentures and such Assignment, if any, as having been so produced and entered, with the Date thereof, and such Book shall be open to public Inspection during Office Hours without Fee or Reward; and in case such Indentures and such Assignment, if any, be not so produced to and entered by the Registrar as aforesaid within such Three Months as aforesaid, the Service of the Apprentice shall be reckoned to commence from the Date of such Production and Entry, unless upon an Application, of which Notice shall be given to the Registrar, One of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, or a Judge thereof, or the Court of Chancery, shall otherwise order.

30. From and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or any of their Officers, save as next herein-after mentioned, to grant or issue to any Person any Stamp upon a Certificate authorizing such Person to practise as an Attorney or Solicitor, but every Person desiring to obtain such stamped Certificate shall deliver to the said Commissioners or their proper Officer, at the Head Office of Inland Revenue in Dublin, a Certificate from such .Registrar as aforesaid that such Person is an Attorney or Solicitor, and entitled to a stamped Certificate, and such Registrar's Certificate shall be thereupon stamped with the proper Amount of Duty payable thereon, and shall have the same Force and Effect as the stamped Certificate heretofore issued authorizing Persons to practise as such Attorneys and Solicitors.

31. For the Purpose of obtaining such Registrar's Certificate as aforesaid a Declaration in Writing, signed by such Attorney or Solicitor or by his Partner, or in case such Attorney or Solicitor shall reside more than Twenty Miles from Dublin, then by his Dublin Agent, being an Attorney or Solicitor, on his Behalf, containing his Name and Place of Residence, and the Court or One of the Courts of which he is then admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, together with the Term and Year in or as of which he was so admitted, shall be delivered to the said Registrar, who shall cause all the Particulars in such Declaration to be entered in a proper Book to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be open to the Inspection and Examination of all Persons without Fee or Reward;

and

1866.

513

Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). (Dap. 84.

and the said Registrar shall, after the Expiration of Six Days after the Delivery of such Declaration (unless he shall see Cause and have Reason to believe that the Party applying for such Certificate is not upon the said Roll of Attorneys or Solicitors) deliver to the said Attorney or Solicitor, or to his Agent as aforesaid, on Demand, a Certificate in the Form set forth in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and which last-mentioned Certificate shall be delivered to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue* as herein-before directed, for the Purpose of being stamped.

32. The Stamp Duties chargeable on such Certificates shall be denoted upon the Registrar's Certificates, and upon any to b8 made such Certificate being stamped accordingly, and the Date of the stamped the Payment of the Duty certified by the proper Officer by ^commit Writing under his Hand, or by other sufficient Means, the sioners of Insame shall be and be deemed the proper stamped Certificate land Revenue, required by Law to be taken out by the Attorney or Solicitor named therein.

33. For determining the Rate of Stamp Duty payable on Fordetennin-the Certificate, the Place or Places where the Attorney or j|?taA^utv Solicitor shall carry on his Business shall be deemed to be the piaceofU^' Place or Places of his Residence within the Meaning of the Business to Acts relating to the Stamp Duties on Certificates; and after p^a88e^e^esi the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and dence. sixty-seven the Declaration required to be delivered to the Registrar for the Purpose of obtaining his Certificate, and also

the Certificate to be granted thereon, shall accordingly specify the Place or Places where the Attorney or Solicitor by or for whom the Certificate is required so carries on his Business, and shall respectively be in the Forms (A.) and (B.) contained in the Second Schedule to this Act.

34. The Declaration required to be made for the Purpose The Declara-

of obtaining the Registrar's Certificate shall be made out and the'

signed in Duplicate, and one of such Duplicates shall be Registrar's delivered to and left with the Registrar, and the other pro- Certificate to duced to him, and the Duplicate so produced, together with the Certificate granted on such Declaration, shall be left with the to be left vfith Commissioners or their proper Officer on applying to have the the Commis-Certificate stamped, and shall be and be deemed the Note in sloners' Writing required by Law to be delivered to the Commissioners or their Officer to entitle the Attorney or Solicitor to a

stamped Certificate; and for every such Certificate issued by the Registrar, and the previous requisite Search and Inquiry, there shall be paid to the Registrar the Sum of Five Shillings by such Attorney or Solicitor.

35. In case the said Registrar shall decline to issue such On Registrar's

Certificate as he is herein-before directed and required to give,

., r* k x iiii cation to be

the Party so applying Ior the same, it an Attorney, shall and made to Court.

may apply to any of the said Courts of Law at Dublin, or to any Judge thereof, or, if a Solicitor, to the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls, who are hereby respectively authorized

514

In case of Neglect to obtain a stamped Certificate, Application to be made to the Court or Judge.

Persons practising without Certificate incapable of recovering Fees.

Persons duly admitted in one Court capable of practising in all other Courts on signing Rolls of other Courts.

Persons duly admitted in Chancery capable of practising in Bankruptcy and in all Inferior Courts of Equity.

Defects in the Service, &c. of Attorneys not to disqualify

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

rized to make such Order in the Matter as shall be just, and to order Payment of Costs by and to either of the Parties, if they shall see fit.

36. If any Attorney or Solicitor shall neglect to procure an annual stamped Certificate authorizing him to practise as such within the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, then and in such Case the said Registrar shall not afterwards grant a Certificate to such Attorney or Solicitor without the Order of the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls in the Case of a Solicitor, or of One of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland, or of One of the Judges thereof, in the Case of an Attorney, authorizing such Registrar to issue such Certificate; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls, or for such Court or Judge, to make such Order upon such Terms and Conditions as he or they shall think fit.

37. No Person who as an Attorney or Solicitor shall sue, prosecute, defend, or carry on any Action or Suit or any Proceedings in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having previously obtained a stamped Certificate which shall be then in force, shall be capable of maintaining any Action or Silit at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward, or Disbursement for or in respect of any Business, Matter, or Thing done by him as an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid wdiilst he shall have been without such Certificate as last aforesaid.

38. Every Person wTho shall have been duly admitted an Attorney of any One of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin shall be entitled, upon the Production of his Admission therein, or an official Certificate thereof, and that the same still continues in force, to be admitted as an Attorney in any other of the said Courts, or in any Inferior Court of Law in Ireland, upon signing the Roll of such other Court, where any such Roll exists, but not otherwise, and shall thereupon be entitled to practise as an Attorney therein in like Manner as if he had been sworn in and admitted an Attorney of such Court; provided always, that no additional Fee besides those payable by virtue of this Act shall be demanded or paid; and that every Person who shall have been duly admitted a Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery shall be entitled, upon the Production of his Admission therein, or an official Certificate thereof, and that the same still continues in force, to be admitted as a Solicitor in the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, and shall be entitled to practise as a Solicitor therein in like Manner a3 if he had been sworn in and admitted a Solicitor of such Court; provided also, that no additional Fee besides those payable by virtue of this Act shall be demanded or paid.

39. No Person who shall have duly served his Apprenticeship under Indentures pursuant to the Provisions of this Act shall be prevented or disqualified from being admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor, nor liable to be struck off

the

1866, Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84. 515

the Roll if admitted* by reason or in consequence of the Persons who Attorney or Solicitor to whom he may have been bound by serYed such Indentures haying been after such Service struck off the Roll* provided that such Apprentice or Person be otherwise entitled to be admitted and enrolled* according to the Provisions herein-before contained.

40. No Person who has been admitted and enrolled shall be Applications liable to be struck off the Roll for or on account of any Defect

in the Indentures of Apprenticeship* or in the Registry thereof* the EolTfor or in his Service under such Indentures* or in his Admission Defect in and Enrolment* unless the Application for striking him off the In<Jentures, &c. Roll be made within Twelve Months from the Time of his withliTTwelve Admission and Enrolment* provided that such Indentures* Months of Registration* Service* Admission* or Enrolment be without Admission. Fraud.

41. For enabling the Registrar to enter upon the Roll of Certificate Attorneys and Solicitors kept by him a Note or Minute of the

Time of stamping every Certificate, the Commissioners shall* trarj the Com-whenever the same shall be required after the Sixth Day of missioners to February in every Year* furnish to the Registrar an Account supply Par-

t/ j o ticulaxs 'wlipfg

of the Certificates issued between the Sixth Day of February stamped before

and the Fifth Day of January preceding, for which during the 5th January

same Period the Stamp Duties have been paid* specifying the in ever^ Year-

Names and Places of Business of the Parties respectively to

or for whom the same have been issued* and the Dates of

Payment of the Stamp Duties; or in lieu of such Account the Commissioners at their Option shall return to the Registrar the aforesaid Duplicate Declarations to which such Certificates

relate* with a Note or Memorandum on each of them specifying

the Date of Payment of the Stamp Duty for the Certificate *

and the Registrar shall* upon such Account being furnished *

or such Duplicate Declarations being returned to him as

aforesaid* enter such Note or Minute as aforesaid; and in Where stamped

order to such Entry being made in respect of Certificates

stamped at any other Time* every such last-mentioned Certifi- Certificate to

cate shall* within a Month of the Payment of the Duty* be he produced

produced to the Registrar, who shall thereupon make such ^be entoed

Entry* and signify the same by a Note or Memorandum upon within a

the Certificate; and every such last-mentioned Certificate Mouth.

which shall not be so produced within the said Period shall have Effect only as a Qualification to practise from the Time

when it shall be produced: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls in the

Case of a Solicitor* or One of the Superior Courts of Law at

Dublin or One of the Judges thereof in the Case of an

Attorney* at any Time to make an Order directing that any

Certificate not so produced shall have Effect upon and from the

Time of stamping the same or any subsequent Period.

42. Every Certificate issued by the Registrar between the When Certifi-Fifth Day of January and the Sixth Day of February in any ^te to ^ear

Year shall bear Date on the Sixth Day of January, and shall to^etermine.612

take

In case of Neglect for a Year to renew Certificate, Order of Court or Judge necessary.

Eule for striking Attorneys off the Eoll to be entered with the Registrar.

An"* Attorney struck off the Eoll of one of the Courts to be struck off the Bolls of other Courts.

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

take effect on that Day for all Purposes, provided it be stamped before the Sixth Day of February, and in every such Case the Fifth Day of January shall, for the Purpose of this Act, be deemed to be the Date of the Payment of the Duty; but if such Certificate be not so stamped it shall take effect, as regards the Qualification to practise, on the Day on which it is stamped; and every Certificate issued at any other Time shall bear Date on the Day on which it is issued, and, subject to the Provisions herein contained relating to Certificates stamped after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and not produced within a Month to be entered by the Registrar, shall take effect as regards such Qualification on the Day on which it is stamped; and every Certificate shall be and continue in force from the Day on which it shall take effect as aforesaid until the Fifth Day of January next following inclusive, and no longer.

43. If any Attorney or Solicitor, after having at any Time taken out a stamped Certificate, shall for the Space of a whole Year from and after the Expiration thereof have neglected to renew the same for the following Year, the Registrar shall not afterwards grant a Certificate to such Attorney or Solicitor, except under an Order of the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Eolls in the Case of a Solicitor, or of One of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin or of One of the Judges thereof in the Case of an Attorney, and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or the Master of the Eolls, or such Court or Judge, to direct the Registrar to issue a Certificate to such Person upon such Terms and Conditions as he or they shall think fit.

44. Where the Name of any Attorney or Solicitor is ordered to be struck off the Eoll of Attorneys or Solicitors of any Court on his own Application or on the Application of any other Person, the Eule or Order for that Purpose shall forthwith, and before the same is acted upon, be produced to the Registrar, and the Registrar shall enter a Note or Minute of such Eule or Order in connexion with the Name of such Attorney or Solicitor on the Eoll of Attorneys and Solicitors kept by the Registrar, and shall strike such Name off such Eoll, and shall mark such Eule or Order as having been entered.

45. The Name of every Person hereafter struck off the Eoll of Attorneys of any of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, or suspended for a Time from practising therein by the Eule of any of such Courts, or off the Eoll of Solicitors of the Court of Chancery by Order of any Judge of that Court, shall, upon Production of an Office Copy of such Eule or Order, and an Affidavit of the Identity of the Person named therein, to the proper Officer of every or any other of the said Courts of which such Person is an Attorney or Solicitor, be struck off the Eoll of such Court, or suspended for the Time mentioned in said Order from practising therein; and in case any such

Person

1866. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84. 517

Person be at any Time thereafter restored to the Roll, or permitted to resume practising therein, by the Rule of the Court, or Order of any Judge of the Court, by the Rule of which or the Order of a Judge of which his Name was struck off such Roll or suspended from practising, he shall, upon Production of an Office Copy of the Rule or Order so restoring him, with an Affidavit of the Identity of the Person named therein, to the proper Officer of every or any such other Court, be restored to the Roll thereof, or permitted to resume practising therein, without Payment of any Fee or Fine whatsoever.

46. Every Person who acts as an Attorney or Solicitor Penalty for contrary to the Enactments herein-before mentioned, or who in wrongfully his own Name or in the Name of any other Person in anywise Attoraey or acts as a Proctor in or with respect to any Proceeding in the Solicitor. Court of Probate or any Ecclesiastical Court without being

duty qualified so to act, shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court in which the Action, Suit, Cause, Matter, or Proceeding in relation to which he so acts is brought, had, or taken, and may be punished accordingly, and shall be incapable of maintaining any Action or Suit for any Fee or Reward for or in respect of anything done or any Disbursement made by him in the course of so acting, and shall, in addition to any other Penalty or Forfeiture, and to any Disability to which he may be subject, forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action, brought with the Sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney General, in the Name of the Incorporated Law Society, in any of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin; and such Penalty shall be applied in like Manner as Fines imposed for practising without a stamped Certificate are now by Law applicable.

47. The several Fees specified in the First Schedule hereto Fees to be annexed shall be paid to the Registrar appointed by this Act in payable under respect of the several Matters therein mentioned, and the said t 1S c Registrar shall yearly render an Account of all Sums of

Money so received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the same, to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, the Master of the Rolls, the Lords Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the said Lord Chancellor,

Master of the Rolls, and Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, or any Three or more of them, by Order under their Hands, may from Time to Time fix and regulate the Fees to be taken for the several Lectures and Examinations by this Act authorized to be instituted, and may increase or diminish such Fees from Time to Time: Provided always, that a Copy of such Account so rendered as aforesaid shall be open to the Inspection of any Attorney or Solicitor at the Office of the Registrar.

Not to prejudice Power of Courts, &c. to dispense with Rules.

No Pees to be payable by Apprentices, &c. other than those authorized by Act.

Act not to extend to Examination, &e. of Solicitors to Public Departments.

To extend to Ireland only.

Scale of Pees to be payable under this Act.

Cap. 84. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

48. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or take away any Eight or Power now possessed by any Court of Law or Equity or by any of the Judges of such Courts to dispense in any particular Case and under special Circumstances with any of the Eules or Conditions relating to the Admission or Examination of Attorneys or Solicitors, or Apprentices.

49. From and after the passing of this Act no Fees other than those by this Act authorized to be paid and received shall be payable by any Person seeking to be bound as an indentured Apprentice as aforesaid, or by any Person seeking to be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland.

50. This Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to the Examination, Swearing, Admission, or Enrolment, or any Eights or Privileges, of any Persons appointed to be Solicitors to the Treasury, Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, or any other Branch of Her Majesty's Revenue, or to the Solicitor to the Board of Admiralty, or to the Solicitor to the War Department.

51. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

FIEST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

£ s. d.

Fee to be paid to the Incorporated Law Society by each Candidate on applying for Permission to attend preliminary Examination - 5 0 0

Fee to be paid to said Society by each Apprentice on applying for Permission to attend final Examination for Admission as an Attorney - 10 0 0

SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form (A.)

Form of Registrar's Certificate.

Pursuant to an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holdeninthe and Years of the

Eeign of Queen Victoria, intituled (Title of this Act), the Incorporated Law Society, as the Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors appointed under the said Act, hereby certify, that

Attorney at Law (or Solicitor in Chancery, as the Case may be), whose Place (or Places), of Business is {or are) at

hath this Day delivered and left with the Secretary of the said Society (or the said, the Name of the Registrar for the Time being) a Declaration in Writing, signed by the said Attorney (or Solicitor) (or by his Partner, or by his Dublin Agent on his Behalf, as the Case may be), containing his Name and Place or Places of Business, and the Court or One of the Courts of which he is admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, together with

519

1866. Attorneys and Solicitors (Ireland). Cap. 84, 85.

the Term and Year in or as of which he was so admitted; and the said Society (as the Registrar) hereby further certify, that the said Attorney (or Solicitor) is duly enrolled in the Court of Queen's Bench at Dublin (or as the Case may be), (or a Solicitor in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland), and is entitled to practise as such Attorney or Solicitor, upon this Certificate being duly stamped as required by Law.

Given under the Hand of the Secretary of the Incorporated Law Society (as such Registrar), this Day

of 18 .

secretary3s Signature

Form (B.)

Form of Annual Declaration for obtaining the Registrar's Certificate.

No.

I hereby declare, that I (or A.B.) was admitted an Attorney (or Solicitor, as the Case may be,) of the Court of in Term, in the Year and

that my (or his) Place or Places of Business are as follow:

To

Dated this 18 .

A.B. (or C.D. Partner (or Dublin Agent) of the said A.B.)

The Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to facilitate the Establishment, Improvement, and Maintenance of Oyster and Mussel Fisheries in Great Britain.

[6th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Oyster and Mussel Fisheries Act, 1866.

2. In this Act the Words " Oysters " and " Mussels " respectively include the Brood, Ware, Half-ware, Spat, and Spawn of Oysters and Mussels respectively.

3. An Order for the Establishment or Improvement, and for the Maintenance and Regulation, of an Oyster or Mussel Fishery on the Shore and Bed of the Sea, or of an Estuary or tidal River, above or below, or partly above and partly below. Low-water Mark (which Shore and Bed are in this Act referred to as the Sea Shore), may be made under this Act, on an Application by a Memorial in that Behalf presented to the Board of Trade by any Person, Persons, Company, or Body

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Power for Board of Trade on Memorial to make Order for Oyster Fishery.

Publication of Draft, Order and Notice to Owners of adjoining Lands, &c.

Objections and Representations respecting Order.

Inquiry into proposed Order by public Sittings.

Report of Inspector.

Settlement and making of Order,

Cap. 85. Oyster and Mussel Fisheries. 29 & 30 VICT.

desirous of obtaining such an Order (which Person, Persons, Company, or Body are in this Act referred to as the Promoters).

4. If on Consideration of the Memorial the Board of Trade think fit to proceed in the Case, the Promoters shall cause printed Copies of the Draft of the Order as proposed by them (with such Modifications, if any, as the Board of Trade require) to be circulated in such Manner as the Board of Trade think sufficient and proper for giving Information to all Parties interested, and shall give Notice of the Application, in such Manner as the Board of Trade direct or approve, to the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers (if any) of the Portion of the Sea Shore to which the proposed Order relates, and of the Lands adjoining thereto.

5. During One Month after the first Publication of the Draft Order the Board of Trade shall receive any Objections or Representations made to them in Writing respecting the proposed Order.

6. Where the Promoters seek to obtain a Several Oyster or Mussel Fishery, the Board of Trade shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the said Month, and in other Cases the Board of Trade, if they think fit, at any Time after the Expiration of that Month, may appoint some fit Person to act as Inspector respecting the proposed Order.

The Inspector shall proceed to make an Inquiry concerning the Subject Matter of the proposed Order, and for that Purpose to hold a Sitting or Sittings in some convenient Place in the Neighbourhood of the Portion of the Sea Shore to which the proposed Order relates, and thereat to take and receive any Evidence and Information offered and hear and inquire into any Objections or Representations made respecting the proposed Order, with Power from Time to Time to adjourn any Sitting; and the Inspector may take Evidence on Oath or otherwise, as he thinks expedient, and may administer an Oath or take any Affidavit or Declaration for the Purpose of the Inquiry, and if any Person wilfully gives false Evidence in any Examination on Oath in any such Inquiry, or in an Affidavit to be used in any such Inquiry, he shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

Notice shall be published in such Manner as the Board of Trade direct of every such Sitting (except an adjourned Sitting) Fourteen Days at least before the holding thereof.

7. The Inspector shall make a Report in Writing to the Board of Trade, setting forth the Result of the Inquiry, and stating whether in his Opinion the proposed ()rder should be approved, with or without Alteration, and if with any, then with what Alteration, and his Reasons for the same, and the Objections and Representations, if any, made on the Inquiry, and his Opinion thereon.

8. As soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the said Month, or after the Receipt by the Board of Trade of the Report of the Inspector, if any, they shall proceed to consider

521

1866. Oyster and Mussel Fisheries. Cap. 85.

sider the Objections or Representations that have been made respecting; the proposed Order and the Report of the Inspector* if any, and thereupon they shall either refuse the Application or settle and make an Order in such Form and containing such Provisions as they think expedient.

9. Where the Board of Trade make an Order, the Promoters Publication of shall cause it to be published and circulated in such Manner 0rdr-

as the Board of Trade think sufficient for giving Information to all Parties interested, and shall give Notice of it, in such Manner as the Board of Trade direct or approve, to the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers (if any) of the Portion of the Sea Shore to which the Order relates, and of the Lands adjoining thereto.

10. All Expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in relation Expenses to any MmndTual, ' or to any Order consequent thereon, shall be coyaected defrayed by the Promoters, and the Board of Trade shall, if Wlt r er '

-ftTey think fit, on or at any Time after the Presentation of the Memorial, require the Promoters to pay to the Board of Trade such Sum as the Board of Trade think requisite for or onaccount of those Expenses, or to give Security to the Satisfaction of the Board of Trade for the Payment of those Expenses on Demand.

11. An Order of the Board of Trade under this Act shall Confirmation not of itself have any Operation, but the same shall have full ^y^ct of Operation when and as confirmed by Act of Parliament, with Parliament, such Modifications, if any, as to Parliament seem fit.

12. If in the Progress through Parliament of a Bill con- Reference of firming an Order a Petition is presented to either House of Parliament against the Order *, the Bill, as far as it relates to opposed, the Order petitioned against, may be referred to a Select Committee, and the Petitioner shall be allowed to appear and

oppose as in case of a Private Bill.

13. The Board of Trade may from Time to Time make an Amendment Order for amending an Order that has been confirmed by Act of Order-of Parliament; and all the Provisions of this Act relative to

an original Order shall apply also to an amending Order, mntatis mutandis.

14. Subject and without Prejudice to the Provisions of the Power for Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Grantees to Majesty's Reign (Chapter Seventy-nine), "to carry into effect ie&ecofrom

the Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the public to cc French concerning the Fisheries in the Sea between the private Oyster " British Islands and France," and of any Act amending the without^" same, and of any Order in Council lawfully made thereunder. Prejudice to and notwithstanding anything in or done under any other Act, of the Persons, Company, or Body obtaining an Order under this 79 lct* Act (who are in this Act referred to as the Grantees), and the Owners of any private Oyster Bed lawfully formed independently of this Act, and their respective Agents, Servants, and Workmen, may at any Season dredge for and take Oysters from any natural public Oyster Bed for the Purpose of supplying or replenishing therewith any Oyster Bed made under the Order,

X x 3 or

Effect of Grant of Several Oyster Fishery.

Property in Oysters within Several Fishery.

Property in Oysters removed from Several Fishery.

Protection of Several Fishery.

Cap. 85. Oyster and Mussel Fisheries. 29 & 30 VICT.

or any such private Oyster Bed (as the Case may be), and may apply the Oysters so taken accordingly; but if any Person applies or uses., or any Persons, Company, or Body knowingly authorize or permit to be applied or used, otherwise than in manner authorized by this Section, any Oysters so taken, such Person, or such Persons, Company, or Body (as the Case may be), shall be liable to all the like Penalties and Consequences to which he or they would have been liable if this Section had not been inserted in this Act.

15. Where an Order of the Board of Trade under this Act confers a Bight of Several Oyster or Mussel Fishery, the Grantees under the Order shall have by virtue of the Order and of this Act, within the Limits of the Fishery, the exclusive Bight of depositing, propagating, dredging and fishing for, and taking Oysters or Mussels (as the Case may be); and in the Exercise of that Bight may, within the Limits of the Fishery, proceed as follows, namely, — make and maintain Oyster Beds, and (notwithstanding anything in or done under any other Act) at any Season collect Oysters or Mussels (as the Case may be), and remove the same from Place to Place, and deposit the same as and where they think fit, and do all other Things which they think proper for obtaining, storing, and disposing of the Produce of their Fishery.

16. All Oysters or Mussels being in or on an Oyster or Mussel Bed within the Limits of any such Several Fishery shall be the absolute Property of the Grantees, and in all Courts of Law and Equity and elsewhere, and for all Purposes, civil, criminal, or other, shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Grantees.

17. All Oysters or Mussels removed by any Person from an Oyster or Mussel Bed within the Limits of any such Several Fishery, and not either sold in Market overt or disposed of by or under the Authority of the Grantees, shall be the absolute Property of the Grantees, and in all Courts of Law and Equity and elsewhere, and for all Purposes, civil, criminal, or other, the absolute Bight to the Possession thereof shall be deemed to be in the Grantees.

18. It shall not be lawful for any Person other than the Grantees, their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, within the Limits of any such Several Fishery, or in any Part of the Space within the same described in this Behalf in the Order, knowingly to do any of the following Things: —

To use any Implement of Fishing, except a Line and Hook or a Net adapted solely for catching floating Fish, and so used as not to disturb or injure in any Manner any Oyster or Mussel Bed, or Oysters or Mussels, or the Oyster or Mussel Fishery:

To dredge for any Ballast or other Substance except under a lawful Authority for improving the Navigation:

To deposit any Ballast, Bubbish, or other Substance:

To

1866.

523

Oyster and Mussel Fisheries, Cap. 85.

To place any Implement, Apparatus, or Thing prejudicial or likely to be prejudicial to any Oyster or Mussel Bed, or Oysters or Mussels, or to the Oyster or Mussel Fishery, except for a lawful Purpose of Navigation or Anchorage:

To disturb or injure in any Manner, except as last aforesaid, any Oyster or Mussel Bed, or Oysters or Mussels, or the Oyster or Mussel Fishery:

And if any Person does any Act in contravention of this Section he shall on summary Conviction be liable to the following Penalty, namely, — to a Penalty not exceeding Two \ Pounds for the First Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds Tor the Second Offence, and not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Third and every subsequent Offence; and every such Person shall also be liable to make full Compensation to the Grantees for all Damage sustained by them by reason of his unlawful Act, and in default of Payment the same may be recovered from hirn by the Grantees by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, whether he has been prosecuted for or convicted of an Offence against this Section or not.

19. Provided always, That nothing in the last foregoing Section shall make it unlawful for any Person to do any of the Things therein mentioned, if at the Time of his doing the same the Limits of the Several Fishery or of the Space within the same described in that Behalf in the Order are not sufficiently marked out in manner prescribed by or under the Order, or if Notice of those Limits has not been given to him in manner so prescribed.

20. The Portion of the Sea Shore to which an Order of the Board of Trade under this Act relates (as far as it is not by Law within the Body of any County) shall for all Purposes of Jurisdiction be deemed to be within the Body of the adjoining County, or to be within the Body of each of the adjoining Counties, if more than One.

21. The Board of Trade shall not in any Case make an Order conferring a Right of Several Oyster or Mussel Fishery for a longer Period at once than Sixty Years.

22. A Right of Several Oyster or Mussel Fishery conferred by an Order of the Board of Trade under this Act, or by any Special Act of the present Session, shall, notwithstanding anything in the Order, or in any such Special Act, be determinable by a Certificate of the Board of Trade (which Certificate they are hereby empowered to make), certifying to the Effect that the Board of Trade are not satisfied that the Grantees under the Order, or the Company under the Special Act (as the Case may be) are properly cultivating the Oyster or Mussel Ground within the Limits of such Fishery; and on any such Certificate being made, the Right of Several Fishery by such Order or Special Act conferred shall, by virtue of this Act and of the Certificate, be absolutely determined, and all Provisions of this Act or of such Special Act shall cease to operate in relation to such Fishery as a Several Oyster or Mussel

Fishery;

Limits of Fishery to be kept marked out.

Fishery to be within County.

Limitation on Term of Several Fishery.

Condition for Cesser of Several Fishery, if no adequate Benefit.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxly.

Consent with respect to Rights of the Crown or Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall.

Compensation to Landowners, &c.

Order not to be made affecting Local Act, &c. without Consent.

Copies of Order and Acts to be kept for Sale.

Cap. 85. Oyster and Mussel Fisheries. 29 & 30 VICT.

Fishery; and Section Thirty-eight of The Roach River Oyster Fishery Act, 1866, is hereby repealed.

For the Purposes of this Provision the Board of Trade may from Time to Time, with respect to any such Fishery, make such Inquiries and Examination by an Inspector or otherwise, and require from the Grantees or Company such Information, as the Board of Trade think necessary or proper, and the Grantees or Company shall afford all Facilities for such Inquiries and Examination, and give such Information, accordingly.

23. Where any Portion of the Sea Shore proposed to be comprised in an Order of the Board of Trade under this Act belongs to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, but is not under the Management of the Board of Trade, or forms Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Board of Trade shall not make the Order without such Consent as herein-after mentioned, namely, —

In the first-mentioned Case of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them:

In the secondly-mentioned Case of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in Writing under his Hand attested by the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy:

In the thirdly-mentioned Case of the Duke of Cornwall, or other the Persons for the Time being empowered to dispose for any Purpose of Lands of the Duchy of Cornwall.

24. Where any Portion of the Sea Shore comprised in an Order of the Board of Trade under this Act does not belong to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, or form Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Board of Trade shall incorporate in the Order " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845/' or " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," as the Case requires, and shall apply the Provisions thereof respectively to the Purchase or taking of such Portion of the Sea Shore.)

25. It shall be the Duty of the Board of Trade foot to make in any Case an Order that will take away or abridge any Right, Privilege, Power, Jurisdiction, or Authority given or reserved to any Body, Company, or Person by any Local or Special Act of Parliament, or by any Royal Charter or Letters Patent, without the Consent of sueirBody, Company, or Person; but every Order, when confirmed by Act of Parliament, shall be of full Force and Effect, any Local or Special Act, Charter, Letters Patent, Custom, Licence, Permission, Instrument, or Thing notwithstanding.

26. The Persons, Company, or Body obtaining an Order under this Act shall at all Times keep at some convenient Place, in the Neighbourhood of the Portion of the Sea Shore to which the Order relates. Copies of the Order with the Act confirming it, and of this Act, printed respectively by some of

Her

1866.

525

Oyster and Mussel Fisheries. Cap. 85, 86.

Her Majesty's Printers, and shall sell such Copies to all Persons desiring to buy them at a Price not exceeding Sixpence for One Copy of each of the Acts ancTof the Order together.

If any such Persons, Company, or Body fail to comply with this Provision, they shall for every such Offence be liable on summary Conviction to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and to a further Penalty not' exceeding One Pound for every Day during which such Failure continues after the Day on which the First Penalty is incurred.

27. There shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament a Report of the Board of Trade respecting' the Applications to and Proceedings of the Board of Trade under this Act during each Year.

28. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Ireland, or to any Oyster or Mussel Fishery on the Coast of Ireland or in any Estuary thereof, or in any way to prejudice or affect the Owner of any such Oyster or Mussel Fishery, or to authorize the taking of Oysters or Mussels from any natural public Oyster or Mussel Bed in Ireland, or any Estuary thereof, by the Grantees of any Oyster or Mussel Bed under this Act, or by the Owners of any private Beds lawfully formed independently of this Act, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever; nor shall this Act alter or repeal any Law, Buie, or Byelaw now or hereafter to be in force having relation to Irish Fisheries.

CAP. LXXXVX.

An Act for Testing the Glebe Lands of the Vicarage of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and for making Provision for the Endowment of the said Vicarage in lieu thereof; and for the Promotion of other Ecclesiastical Purposes connected therewith.

WHEREAS the Endowment of the Vicarage of Rochdale 6 in the Diocese of Manchester mainly consists of certain

Glebe Lands of which the greater Part has been built upon,

and the Residue is valuable for Building Purposes, and the 6 annual Proceeds of the said Glebe Lands at present exceed

the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and it is anticipated that such Proceeds will increase in future Years:

And whereas the Bev. John Edicard Nassau Molesworth,

D.D., is the present Vicar of the said Vicarage, and the c Bight Kev. Father in God James Prince, by Divine Permis-f sion Lord Bishop of Manchester, is the Ordinary thereof, e and also the Patron in right of his See:

And whereas for promoting the greater Efficiency of the 6 Established Church it is expedient that upon the First Avoid-6 ance of the said Vicarage the Glebe Lands and other Endowments thereof should be vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

Annual Report of Boarrl of Trade.

Act not to extend to Ireland.

The Glebe Lands, &c. of Vicarage of Koehdale to vest in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners on the next Avoidance.

The present Vicar may agree to accept a fixed Income of 4,000?. a Year.

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 VICT.

missioners for England, upon special Trust to provide a fixed annual Sum by way of Endowment for the future Vicars of c Rochdale, and annual Sums by way of Augmentation or En-

dowment of Churches or Chapels already built or hereafter to f be built within the Parish of Rochdale, and otherwise for pro-c moting the Efficiency of the Established Church in the Parish (of Rochdale and the Diocese of Manchester:

And whereas it is further expedient that Power should be given to the said Rev. John Edward Nassau Molesworth and ' the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners to bring such vesting into operation during his Incumbency

But inasmuch as such Objects cannot be carried into effect without the Authority of Parliament,

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say*)

1. Upon the First Avoidance of the Vicarage of Rochdale the Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the said Vicarage, together with all Monies and Securities for Money, and all Stock in the Government Funds or elsewhere standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or in any other Name or Names, for or to the Credit or for the Benefit of or in trust for the Vicar of Rochdale and his Successors, whether for the Purpose of being laid out in Land or otherwise, (excepting Rights of Ecclesiastical Patronage, and the Parsonage House and the Grounds now occupied therewith, which said Parsonage House and Grounds are particularly described in the First Schedule hereto annexed,) shall vest in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, their Successors and Assigns, for the Purposes of this Act *

2. In case the present Vicar of Rochdale at any Time before his Avoidance of the said Vicarage shall signify his Willingness to accept a fixed annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds in lieu of his Income from the Glebe Lands and Premises aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to agree with the said Vicar for the Payment to him of such fixed annual Sum; and thereupon an Instrument in Writing, containing the Terms of the said Agreement, and under the Hand of the said Vicar and the Common Seal of the said Commissioners, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and published in the London Gazette; and from and after the Date of such Publication the said Agreement shall be binding, and the Glebe Land and Premises aforesaid (except as hereinbefore excepted) shall, without any further Conveyance, be absolutely vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be entitled to the Proceeds as from that Date, and shall have no Claim for the Dilapidations then existing.

3. From

1866. Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

3. From and after the next Vacancy of the said Vicarage by the Death, Resignation, Cession, Deprivation, or other Avoidance of the present Vicar thereof, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall pay the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds to the succeeding Vicar of the said Vicarage and his Successors: Provided that each succeeding Vicar and his Successors shall remain liable to the Payment of First Fruits and Tenths, and shall remain entitled to a certain small Stipend, now amounting to Fourteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fourpenceper Annum, payable out of the Produce of the Rectorial Tithes of Rochdale.

4. The fixed annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds to be paid to the present Vicar of Rochdale in the event of such Agreement as aforesaid being made, and the said annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds to be paid to the succeeding Vicars of Rochdale, shall respectively be payable half-yearly by Moieties on the First Day of May and the First Day of November in every Year: Provided that the First Payment to the present Vicar of Rochdale shall be a proportionate Part of a half-yearly Payment of Two thousand Pounds, calculated from the Day on which such Agreement shall be published until the next following half-yearly Day of Payment, and the said Vicar or his Representatives shall receive a corresponding proportionate Part of a Sum of Two thousand Pounds for the current Half Year in which the Avoidance of the said Vicarage shall take place, and the First Payment to the next succeeding Vicar shall be a proportionate Part for the current Half Year calculated on a half-yearly Payment of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds, and on every succeeding Vacancy the then current half-yearly Payment shall be divisible between the last Incumbent or his Representatives and his Successor.

5. As soon as the said Glebe Lands and Premises belonging to the Vicarage of Rochdale shall have come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, either by the Avoidance of the said Vicarage, or by Agreement with the present Vicar thereof under the Provision herein-before contained, the said Commissioners shall thenceforth pay annual Sums by way of Augmentation to the Incumbents or Ministers of the Churches or Chapels mentioned in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, which annual Sums shall be of such Amounts respectively as will with the respective Endowments (if any), exclusive of Surplice Fees and of Pew Rents, raise the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of each of the Churches or Chapels aforesaid, of which the Parish or District has a Population of less than Four thousand Persons according to the Census of 1861, to the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and raise the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of each of the Churches or Chapels aforesaid of which the Parish or District has a Population of Four thousand or more than Four thousand Persons according to the Census of 1861 to the annual Sum of

527

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners to pay 1, 500/. a Year to future Vicars.

Regulations as to the Mode of paying the Incomes of Vicars.

Augmentations to be provided for Churches and Chapels mentioned in the Second Schedule.

Provision to be made for the Service of the Cemetery. 16 & 17 Vict. c. ccxx.

(Local.)

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 VICT.

of Three hundred Pounds* and raise the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of the Church or Chapel of Saint Clement* Scotland, to the annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds* and that of the Incumbent or Minister of the Church of Saint Martin, Castleton Moor* to the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds* and also raise the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of the Church or Chapel of Saint Chad* Saddleworth* to the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds* exclusive of the Stipend now payable out of the Rectorial Tithes of Rochdale; and the said Augmentations shall be payable by Moieties on the First Day of Mag and the First Day of November in every Year, and shall be apportionable between each Incumbent or Minister or his Representatives and his Successor.

6. And whereas it is enacted by the Seventy-fourth Section c of The Rochdale Improvement Act, One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, u that each of the several Incum-f " bents of the several Parish* Parishes* or Ecclesiastical f " Districts situate wholly or partly within the Town shall, on f convenient Notice being given to him* perform or cause to c " be performed by some Clergyman of the Established Church

" whom he may appoint* not being prohibited by the Bishop

t(nor under Ecclesiastical Censure* at the Hours therein ' " mentioned* the Burial Service* according to the Rites of c " that Church, over every deceased Person removed for

Interment within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery* c " and who died in the Ecclesiastical District of such Incumbent; and for every such Interment such Incumbent

" shall be entitled to the respective Fees or Sums following; e " that is to say, if the deceased Person shall have died within c " the Town (and shall not be interred at the Expense of c cc any Parish or Union), the Sum of Two Shillings; if the c (c deceased Person shall have died beyond the Town (and ' " shall not be interred at the Expense of any Parish or ' " Union), the Sum of Six Shillings; and if the deceased c " Person shall be interred at the Expense of any Parish or

" Union* the Sum of One Shilling and SixpenceAnd

whereas the said Enactment is burdensome to the said Incum-

bents* and it is expedient that other Provision should be made c in lieu thereof:' Be it enacted, That as soon as the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall have come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners* the said Commissioners shall pay the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds by half-yearly Payments, on the First Day of May and the First Day of November in every Year* to the Incumbent of the Parish or District in which the said Cemetery is situated, who shall perform the said Services* or cause the same to be performed by a Curate under his Superintendence and Control* and the said Incumbent shall be further entitled to receive for his own Use the Fees payable in respect of such Interments: Provided that the Right of any other existing Incumbent to perform the said Service* or to cause the same to be performed *

529

Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

formed, and to receive the Fees in respect thereof, shall remain unaffected, if he shall not think fit to relinquish such Right; and provided also, that so long as the Incumbent for the Time being of the Parish or District in which the said Cemetery is situated shall continue in receipt of the said annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, it shall be obligatory upon such Incumbent to employ an Assistant Curate at an annual Salary of not less than One hundred Pounds; and provided further, that if such Incumbent shall delay or refuse to employ an Assistant Curate as aforesaid for a Space of Three Months after he shall have been required to do so by the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appoint and license such an Assistant Curate, and to provide for the Payment to him of a Salary not exceeding One hundred Pounds per Annum, in the Manner contemplated by the Eighty-third Section of the Act of the First and Second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six.

7. As soon as the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall have come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall, in addition to any other Augmentation payable under this Act, pay to the Incumbent of the Church or Chapel of the Holy Trinity, Littleborough, the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, if and so long as he shall provide a duly licensed Assistant Curate for the Performance of Divine Service in a certain licensed Building at Calderbrook now unconsecrated, but intended to be consecrated, (provided that such annual Sum of One hundred Pounds shall not be paid nor begin to be payable until the First Day of May or of November, as the Case may be, which shall happen next after the same Building shall have been consecrated), and shall pay the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds to the Incumbent of Christ Church, Todmorden, so long as he shall have occasion to provide for the Performance of Divine Service in the old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary, Todmorden, as herein-after mentioned, such Services respectively to be subject to the Regulation of the Bishop of the Diocese, but not to be more or more onerous than may lawfully be required to be performed in a Parish Church; the said annual Sums to be payable in Moieties on the First Day of May and the First Day of November in every Year.

8. As soon as ^conveniently may be after the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall have come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall, with the Concurrence of the Bishop of the Diocese, proceed to constitute or assign Five Districts to be taken out of the original Limits of the Parish of Rochdale, and to endow each such District to the annual Amount of Two hundred Pounds; and the Patronage of and Right of nominating the Minister or Incumbent of each of the same Districts, or of the new Parishes which such Districts may eventually become, shall be

Provision to be made for the Services of the Churches of Calderbrook and of St. Mary, Todmorden.

Five new Districts to be endowed with 200Z. a Year each.

The Ecfcle-siastical Commissioners to pay Costs and Expenses and certain other Charges.

Annual Proceeds to be carried to the Account of the Rochdale Vicarage Fund, and certain Payments to be made thereout.

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage, 29 & 30 VICT.

vested in and be exercised by the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being.

9. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall forthwith pay the Costs of and incident to the passing of this Act, and shall pay all other necessary Law Charges, and may make any such Allowance for Costs, Charges, Expenses, Pains, and Trouble, as to the said Commissioners shall appear just and reasonable, to any Person employed by them in receiving or paying any Monies accruing to them, or in auditing any Accounts relating thereto, or in surveying, valuing, or performing any other Duty relating to or connected with the Possession or Management of the Hereditaments and Premises vested in them for the Purposes of this Act, or relating to or connected with any other Matter or Thing to be done or executed under the Authority of this Act, and the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall also reimburse the said John Edward Nassau Molesworth any Payments which shall have been made by him for or towards the making, paving, flagging, and sewering any Street or Streets in or upon the said Glebe Lands during his Negotiations with the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for promoting this Act.

10. When the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall have come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall hold the same subject to the Powers of Disposition and Management herein-after mentioned, and shall carry the Rents, Dividends, Interest, and other annual or recurring Proceeds of the Trust Premises for the Time being to the Credit of a special and distinct Fund, the Account whereof shall be opened in their Books under the Heading of cc The Rochdale Vicarage Fund," and shall apply the Balance of the said Fund (after deducting the Expenses) from Time to Time in manner following; (that is to say,)

First, in paying the Endowments herein-before provided for the present and future Vicars of Rochdale (that is to say,) in paying to the said Rev. John Edward Nassau Molesworth, as long as he shall continue Vicar, a fixed annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, if such Agreement as aforesaid shall be made, and in paying to the succeeding Vicars the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds:

Secondly, in paying the annual Sums to be provided as aforesaid by way of Augmentation to the Incumbents or Ministers of the Churches or Chapels mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto:

Thirdly, in paying the said annual Sums of One hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and One hundred and fifty Pounds, in respect of the Performance of the Services of the Cemetery, of a Church or Chapel at Calderbrook, and of the Church of St. Mary, Todmorden:

Fourthly,

531

Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

Fourthly, in paying the said annual Sums of Two hundred Pounds each for the Endowments of the Five Parishes or Districts to be constituted or assigned as aforesaid.

11. Provided, That if any of the Costs, Expenses, or annual Sums aforesaid shall be payable by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners before any Revenues shall have accrued to them under this Act, or at a Time when there shall be no Balance or an insufficient Balance at the Credit of the Rochdale Vicarage Fund, a Sum to supply the Deficiency shall be advanced by the said Commissioners out of the Common Fund under their Control, and shall be repaid to the Common Fund, with Compound Interest at the Kate of Eour 'per Cent per Annum, out of Revenues thereafter to accrue to the Rochdale Vicarage Fund.

12. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall hold the Surplus of the Rochdale Vicarage Fund, after discharging thereout such Payments and Repayments as aforesaid, upon Trust to apply the same from Time to Time in manner following; (that is to say,)

First, in raising to the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds, exclusive of Surplice Fees and Pew Rents, the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of each of the Churches or Chapels mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto whose Income does not already amount to that Sum:

Secondly, in raising to the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds, exclusive of Surplice Fees and Pew Rents, the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of each of the Five Parishes or Districts to be constituted or assigned as aforesaid, if or so soon as the Church or Chapel of such Parish or District shall be consecrated:

JThirdly, in raising to the annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, exclusive of Surplice Fees and Pew Rents, the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of One of the Churches or Chapels mentioned in the said Second Schedule hereto (other than and in addition to the Church or Chapel of St. Clement, Spotland), and in raising to the annual 'Sum of Four hundred Pounds, exclusive of Surplice Fees and Pew Rents, the Income of the Incumbent or Minister of each of Two other of the Churches or Chapels mentioned in the said Second Schedule, the said Churches or Chapels to be selected by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners with the Concurrence of the Bishop of the Diocese; provided that if the Vicar of Rochdale shall enter into such Agreement as aforesaid for accepting a fixed Income he shall be entitled to select One of the Churches or Chapels the Endowment of which is to be raised to the annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds:

Fourthly, in paying such annual Sum or Sums as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (with Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese) shall in their Discretion think Y y 2 fit.

Deficiency (if any) to be made good out of the Common Fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, subject to Repayment.

Application of the Surplus of the annual Proceeds.

532 Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 Vict.

fit, for or towards providing for the Maintenance of a Chaplain or Chaplains to the Rochdale Union, or any Workhouse or Workhouses thereof, and for or towards providing for the Maintenance of a Chaplain or Chaplains to any Workhouse or Workhouses of the Saddleworth Union, which may be used exclusively for Inhabitants of any Part or Parts of the ancient Parish of Rochdale aforesaid:

Fifthly, in endowing to such Amount as the said Commissioners, with the Concurrence of the Bishop of the Diocese, shall think fit, the Incumbents or Ministers of any Parishes or Districts already existing, or hereafter to be constituted or assigned from Time to Time with the Consent of the said Bishop, and which Parishes or Districts do or shall consist of or contain any Part or Parts of the Parish of Rochdale, including all Ecclesiastical Divisions and Subdivisions thereof:

Sixthly, in augmenting or endowing such Benefices with Cure of Souls in the Diocese of Manchester, and in the Patronage or alternate Patronage of any Ecclesiastical Corporation, as shall be selected by the Bishop of Manchester for the Time being, and shall be approved by the said Commissioners.

Mode of 13. For the Purpose of determining the Amounts of the

the!^o^ts of annual Sums to be paid to the Incumbents or Ministers of the the Augmenta- said Churches or Chapels respectively mentioned in the Second tions to he paid Schedule annexed to this Act, the annual Income arising from siastLl^Com" ex*sting Endowments of each of the said Churches or

missioners. Chapels at the Time when the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall come into the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (except Surplice Fees and Pew Rents, and excej^t certain annual Sums charged upon the said Glebe Lands and Premises in favour of the Incumbents or Ministers of certain of the said Churches and Chapels under the Provisions of an l &2W.4. Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King c* 4o. William IY., Chapter 45,) shall be ascertained and determined

by the said Commissioners, with the Concurrence of the Bishop of the Diocese and of the Incumbent or Minister of the said Church or Chapel; and a Certificate of the Amount of Income arising from such Endowments (except as aforesaid), under the Common Seal of the said Commissioners, and the Episcopal Seal of the said Bishop, and the Hand of the said Incumbent or Minister, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese; and the annual Sum to be paid by way of Augmentation to the Incumbent or Minister of each Church or Chapel, and his Successors, shall be such Amount as will make up the Income payable in respect of the said Church or Chapel under the Provisions herein contained, notwithstanding any subsequent Variation in the original Endowment: Provided that from and after the Registration of the Certificate of Endowment of any Church or Chapel to the Incumbent or

Minister

1866. Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86. 533

Minister of which One of the said annual Charges is payable, such annual Charge shall be deemed to be included in the fixed Sum to be paid by way of Augmentation as aforesaid, and shall cease to be chargeable on the said Glebe Lands and Premises further or otherwise than such Augmentation is chargeable thereon under the Provisions herein contained:

Provided also, that in the event of any Delay taking place in the Preparation or Registration of any Certificate of Endowment the said Commissioners shall in the meantime make such Payments in respect of the corresponding Augmentation as they in their Discretion shall think just.

14. Jb'rom and after the Time when the Income of any Half the existing Benefice augmented under this Act shall amount to Sittings of the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds, exclusive of Sur- chu^che's to be plice Fees and Pew Rents, One Half Part at least of the free, whole Number of Pews or Sittings in the Church or Chapel

thereof shall be declared by the Commissioners and the Bishop of the Diocese, to be free Sittings, such Sittings to be selected by the Bishop of the Diocese so that, haying regard to Position and Convenience, they may be as advantageously situated as the remaining Moiety of the Pews and Sittings.

15. At any Time after any of the annual Sums aforesaid The Eccle-to be respectively paid to the Vicar of Rochdale and to the siastieal Com-Incumbents or Ministers of the said several Churches or ^bstitute^nd Chapels, or to the Incumbents or Ministers of other Parishes or other Here-or Districts, shall have become payable, it shall be lawful for ^gS^e^Sthem the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, with the Consent of the for t^e Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Vicar, Incumbent, or poses of this Minister, to appropriate and set apart for the Use of any Act for any such Vicar, Incumbent, or Minister, and his Successors, in lieu ment/ y of the said annual Sum directed to be paid to him and them as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, such specific Lands or Hereditaments, Part of the said Glebe Lands and Hereditaments,

or of other the Lands and Hereditaments for the Time being vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as, according to the Certificate of Two competent Surveyors, One to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and the other by such Vicar, Incumbent, or Minister, or of an Umpire to be appointed by such Surveyors, shall appear to be equivalent at least to produce a clear yearly Sum, after Payment of all Outgoings (except the Income Tax, if any), equal to such annual Sum or to such Part thereof; and an Instrument in Writing containing the Terms of such Appropriation, and under the Hand of the Vicar, Minister, or Incumbent, and the Episcopal Seal of the said Bishop, and the Common Seal of the said Commissioners, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and published in the London Gazette; and from and after the Time which shall be fixed for that Purpose by the said Instrument, and after the said Publication, the Lands or other Hereditaments so appropriated for such Vicar, Incumbent, or Minister, and his Successors,

534

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners to have all legal Powers of enforcing Payments, & c.

Repeal of the Special Leasing Acts, 4 G. 3. c. 28.

(Private.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. (Private.)

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may sell Land and Hereditaments with the Consent of the Bishop.

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 VICT.

shall* by force of this Act and of such Instrument* without any further Conveyance* be vested in such Vicar* Incumbent, or Minister* and his Successors* as Part of the Endowment of his Vicarage* Church, or Chapel* and the Rochdale Vicarage Fund shall thenceforth be freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands by or on behalf of the Vicar, Incumbent* or Minister of the same Vicarage* Church* or Chapel in respect of the said annual Sum* or of the Part thereof* for which the said Lands or Hereditaments have been so declared to be an Equivalent; provided that any such Instruments may relate to several Appropriations* or to One Appropriation* as may be most convenient.

16. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall* for the Purpose of enforcing Payment of all Profits and Emoluments to be paid to them* and of obtaining Possession of the Hereditaments and Premises vested in them for the Purposes of this Act, and of recovering the Rents and Profits thereof* have and enjoy all the Rights* Powers, and Remedies in that Behalf* at Law or in Equity* of the Vicar of Rochdale and his Successors.

17. From and after the Time when the said Glebe Lands and Premises shall become vested in the Commissioners, the Act of the Fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third* Chapter Twenty-eight* intituled An Act to enable the Vicar of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicarage* and the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty* Chapter Nineteen* being an Act to amend the lastly mentioned Act* shall be and be deemed to be repealed: Provided always* that such Repeal shall not be held to take away or diminish any Estate or Interest* or Right or Liability, which may have been theretofore created* granted, or incurred by or on behalf of the Vicar of Rochdale and his Successors* or any Persons who have become Tenants under him and them in accordance with the Provisions of such Statutes* but all such Rights and Liabilities which would otherwise belong or attach to the said Vicar and his Successors shall thereafter belong and attach to the said Commissioners* and be exercised or fulfilled by them* subject to the Provisions of this Act.

18. The Commissioners shall have and exercise over the Glebe Lands* Hereditaments, and Premises vested or to be at any Time vested in them for the Purposes of this Act all the same and the like Rights and Powers of Ownership as are possessed and enjoyed respecting and over any Lands and Hereditaments by any absolute Owner thereof: Provided always* that any Sum of Money received by the said Commissioners for the Sale* Transfer* or Conveyance of any Part or Parts of such Lands or Hereditaments shall be applied by them, so soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt .thereof, in the Purchase and Acquisition of other Lands or Hereditaments* and shall be in the meantime invested in some Government or Parliamentary Stock in England; and the annual

Rents

1866.

535

Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

Kents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be acquired as last aforesaid, and the Dividends or annual Proceeds of such Stock, shall be carried to the Credit of the " Rochdale Vicarage Fund" aforesaid; provided also, that no absolute Sale or Conveyance of the Fee Simple in such Glebe Lands or in any Part thereof under the Provisions of this Section shall be valid or effectual without the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese.

19. c Whereas Part of the Glebe Lands is convenient to be ^he Corpora-c used as a Pleasure Ground or Place of public Recreation; °o have' f (that is to say,) the Lands called Cant Hill and Broad Field, the Option of c containing about Fourteen Acres, and delineated and coloured takinga Part

Pink on each of Two like Plans, one signed by the Sur- £ands. ebe veyor of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and deposited with the Town Clerk of Rochdale, and the other signed by the

Town Clerk of Rochdale and deposited with the Ecclesiastical f Commissioners Be it enacted, That at any Time within the Space of Two Years next after the Glebe Lands shall have become vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the said Commissioners shall, if required by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town and Borough of Rochdale acting under the Provisions of "The Rochdale Improvement Act,

1853," grant and convey to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors, the said Part of the Glebe Lands at the perpetual annual Kent of Three hundred and eighty Pounds, payable half-yearly, free from all Rates, Taxes, and Deductions whatsoever.

20. The Conveyance shall be made subject to any Lease or Terms of the Leases granted or agreed to be granted of the said Land or Q^or any Part thereof, and to the Rights or Interests therein of any Person or Persons claiming under any Lease or Leases granted or agreed to be granted of any other Part of the Glebe Lands, and shall contain a Reservation of Mines and Minerals, with full Powers of working the same by underground Operations, and of making underground Communications for the Convenience of adjacent Mines, leaving sufficient Support for the Surface; and shall contain a Covenant for Payment of the Kent as from the Day on which the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall receive Notice from the Corporation of Rochdale of their Intention to require the Conveyance, from which Day the said Corporation shall be entitled to Possession, and shall contain usual Powers of Distress and Entry, which Landlords have for Kent in arrear, for securing the said Rent, and shall contain a Covenant on the Part of the Corporation that the Lands proposed to be conveyed shall be used as a Pleasure Ground or Place of public Resort or Recreation, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and all other proper and usual Covenants and Provisions for giving Effect to the proposed Arrangement, and particularly a Covenant that no Building or Erection shall be placed upon the said Lands without the Consent of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, except such

as

New Roads to be made by the Corporation.

On certain Breaches of Covenant, the Lands to revest in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may apply Monies and Stock to make permanent Improvements on the Estate, and to provideParson-age Houses.

Cap. 86. iRockdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 VICT.

as may be required for the Use of the said Land for the Purposes aforesaid.

21. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall dedicate to the Public Three new Streets or Roads; (that is to say,) first, a new Street or Road (coloured Brown on the said Plans) partly set out on the South Side of the said Lands, and called or intended to be called St. Alban Street, extending from Manchester New Road to the Vicar's Drive; secondly, the Vicar s Drive, coloured Blue on the said Plans; and, thirdly, a new Street or Road (coloured Fellow on the said Plans) Thirty Feet wide on the Northerly Side of the said Lands, commencing at Manchester New Road, and intended to be extended so as to connect such Street or Road with Church Lane where it meets Church Stile, the Corporation undertaking to purchase the Term and Interest which any Leaseholder or Leaseholders, or any other Person or Persons (except the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners), may have in such Part of the last-mentioned Street and the Buildings thereon as lies between the Vicar's Drive and Church Stile, and to make and construct or cause to be made and constructed the said Three Streets or Roads, as to the Street or Road coloured Blue on the said Plans solely at the Expense of the said Corporation, and as to the Streets or Roads coloured Brown and Fellow at the Expense of the Person or Persons liable thereto under the Provisions of the Rochdale Improvement Act, 1853.

22. Provided, That if the Rent or any Part thereof shall at any Time be in arrear for the Space of Thirty Days after the same shall have been lawfully demanded, and there shall be no sufficient Distress upon the Premises, and Judgment shall have been obtained for Payment of the said Rent, or if Default shall be made by the said Corporation in purchasing the Leasehold Interests in the Land intended for the Extension of the said Street or Road from the Vicarage Drive to Church Stile, or in the Construction of the said Three Streets or Roads, or if the said Lands shall cease to be used as a Pleasure Ground or Place of public Resort or Recreation, or if any Building or Erection shall be placed thereon without the Consent of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, except such as may be required for the Use of the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Lands shall forthwith, by force only of this Act and without Entry, re-vest in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

23. It shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners from Time to Time to sell any Stock for the Time being vested in them for the Purposes of the Rochdale Vicarage Fund, and to apply the Produce of the said Sale, or any other Monies in their Possessions either as Capital or Income on account of the said Fund, to either or both of the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

To the Purpose of making and laying out any Crescents and other open Spaces, Bridges, Roads, Ways, Streets Squares,

Avenues,

537

X866. Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

Avenues, Passages, Yards, Gardens, Places necessary or convenient for carrying on any Manufacture or Trade, Drains, Sewers, Pipes, Conduits, Easements, and Conveniences, or of otherwise improving the Lands and Hereditaments for the Time being vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or accommodating the Lessees and Occupiers thereof:

To the Purpose of purchasing, building, or rebuilding, or providing a Site for a Parsonage House for any Benefice which shall have been or may be augmented or endowed under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such Parsonage House or Site shall be purchased, acquired, or built without the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese being first had and obtained.

24. The Receipt of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or of any Agent of the said Commissioners duly authorized in that Behalf, for any Monies payable or any Stock transferable to the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the said Monies and Stock respectively.

25. All Ecclesiastical Divisions already existing or hereafter to be created which may have been or which may hereafter be formed wholly out of the ancient Parish of Rochdale aforesaid, or may consist wholly of Portions of such ancient Parish, and wherein the Ministers or Incumbents thereof have and exercise exclusive Cure of Souls, and likewise the new Parish of Christ Church, Friezland} shall be deemed to be Vicarages, and the Incumbents thereof Vicars, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Rights of any other Persons.

26. From and after the next Avoidance of the Vicarage of Rochdale the succeeding Vicars shall retain the existing Rights of the Vicar of Rochdale and his Successors to the Patronage of the Benefices of which the Churches or Chapels are mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act, but the Residue of the Ecclesiastical Patronage of the Successors of the Vicar of Rochdale as such Vicars shall be transferred to and vest in the Bishop of Manchester and his Successors: Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect any Right of Patronage of the present Vicar of Rochdale, save and except as is herein specifically declared and provided.

27. And whereas a new Church has been built in the c Parochial Chapelry of Todmorden in the said Parish of Roch-f dale, and the same was consecrated in the Year One thousand ' eight hundred and thirty-two, and named Christ Church: And whereas by the Sentence of Consecration it was declared that the Maintenance of the Minister of the said Church and of the other Officers thereof should be as well by and out of such ' Funds and Revenues as the Minister and other Officers of the old Parochial Church or Chapel of Saint Mary, Tod-c morden (in the said Sentence styled the old Chapel of Tod- morden,) were entitled to, as also by and out of such Pew

Bents

Receipt of Treasurer, &c. of Ecclesiastical Commissioners sufficient Discharge.

District Parishes to be deemed Vicarages.

After the next Avoidance of the Vicarage of Rochdale, certain Patronage to be transferred to the Bishop of Manchester.

Confirming the Substitution of Christ Church, Todmorden, for the old Church or Chapel thereof.

538

The old Church of Todmorden to become a Chapel of Ease.

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage, 29 & 30 VICT.

Rents or other Emoluments as might be granted or assigned ' by the Commissioners for promoting the building of additional ' Churches in populous Places* and Doubts are entertained whether the said Sentence of Consecration was effectual to e transfer the said Funds and Revenues to the new Church of

Christ Church aforesaid: And whereas the Vicar of Rochdale?* c as such Vicar* is the Patron as well of the said new Church as of the old Church or Chapel of the said Parochial Chapelry *

and the Rev. Anthony John Plow has been licensed to perform the Office of Perpetual Curate of the said new Church and of the Chapelry in the said Licence styled the Parochial ' Chapelry of Christ Church* Todmorden: And whereas it is expedient that all Doubts as to the Validity of the said f Transfer* and as to the Title of the said Rev. Anthony John 6 Plow to perform such Office* should be removedRe it enacted* That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners* by an Instrument under their Common Seal, with the Consent of the said Vicar of Rochdale and of the said Rev. Anthony John Plow (if he shall continue in such Office), to declare that the said new Church of Christ Church* Todmorden* situate in the said Parochial Chapelry of Todmorden, shall be deemed to be substituted for the old Parochial Church or Chapel of Saint Mary, Todmorden, situate in the same Chapelry* and that all the Endowments* Emoluments* and Rights of or belonging to the said old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary, or to the Incumbent thereof* shall be deemed to be transferred to the said new Church of Christ Church* and to the said Rev. Anthony John Plow* or other the Incumbent thereof* and his Successors for ever: Provided that such Transfer and Substitution shall be deemed to have taken place at the Date of the said Sentence of Consecration, but not so as to prejudice any Person in respect of past Transactions.

28. From and after the passing of this Act the Freehold of the said old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary shall be vested in the Incumbent for the Time being of Christ Church aforesaid* and the same old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary shall be deemed to be a Chapel of Ease to Christ Church aforesaid* and shall be served by the said Rev. Anthony John Ploio* or other the Incumbent of Christ Church for the Time being, or by his Assistant Curate* duly licensed* and during the Incumbency of the said Rev. Anthony John Plow it shall not be lawful* without his Consent in Writing* to withdraw the said old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary from his Superintendence and Control by assigning a District thereto* or by specifying it as the Parish Church of a new District* or otherwise howsoever; and it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners during such Time, prior to the Date of the vesting of the said Glebe Lands in them* as they shall see fit* to provide* out of the Fund under their Control* the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds in respect of the Services of the said Chapel of Ease.

29. ' And

539

1866. Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86.

29. And whereas there are Ten Churchwardens and Ten 6 Sidesmen of the Parish of Rochdale, and having regard to c the Limits of the District belonging to the Parish Church e the said Number is found to be inconveniently large Be it enacted, That for the future Two Churchwardens and Two Sidesmen only shall be elected for the said Parish, One Churchwarden and One Sidesman being chosen by the Vicar, and the other Churchwarden and the other Sidesman being chosen by the Persons entitled to take part in such Election.

30. And whereas under the Provisions of a Local Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of *' His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Rochdale in c the County Palatine of Lancaster, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for building and erecting a Church or Chapel f of Ease in the Town of Rochdale for the Use of the Inhabi-

tants of the said Town and Parish, and receiving Rates for the Purpose of building the said Chapel, and providing a

6 House for the Residence of the Minister and Curate thereof; e and it was amongst other Things enacted, that the Trustees (should sell the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Pews and

Seats not appropriated to the Poor, and apply the Proceeds

in or towards paying off the Building Debts, with a Proviso

that on every such Sale a yearly Rent should be affixed to

the Pew or Seat, so that such Rents might amount in the f whole to not less than Two hundred and twenty Pounds per c Annum, out of which the Trustees were to pay the annual c Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the Minister, and Fifteen c Pounds to the Clerk; and the Proprietors of Pews or Seats ' were empowered to appoint a Lecturer, to be paid by volun-c tary Subscription, and to appoint to the Offices of Church or

Chapel Warden, and Clerk, and Organist, and were made liable to a Rate to provide for certain Expenses of Divine e Service, and for interior Repairs; and it was further enacted,

that for the Purposes of that Act it should be lawful for the f Trustees to levy a Rate on the Occupiers of all Houses, f Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the c Town of Rochdale not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound

in any One Year: And whereas in pursuance of the said L Act a Chapel and House were duly built and provided by the said Trustees, the Sites whereof were and still are respec-c tively vested in them, and the said Chapel was consecrated c by the Title of " St. James, Wardleworth? and by an Order f of Her Majesty in Council dated the Twenty-fifth Day of f May One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and published c in the London Gazette on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, a District was assigned

thereto: And whereas the Pews or Seats were duly so let m c pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act, but the greater c Part of the Proprietors are dead or not to be found, and their Representatives cannot be traced, by reason whereof the

Rents Hosted

Reducing the Number of Churchwardens and Sidesmen of the Parish of Rochdale.

Repeal of the 55 G. 3. c. ixxx. {Local.)

St. James, Wardleworth, to be placed under the Provisions of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 104.

Vesting Freehold of the Church and Parsonage in the Incumbent.

Half the Pews to he free, and the Remainder to be dealt with under the Church Building Acts.

58 G. 3. c. 45.

Cap. 86. Rochdale Vicarage. 29 & 30 VICT.

Rents reserved on the Sale of such Pews or Seats cannot be recovered* and the said Pews or Seats cannot be effectually

allotted to new Residents in the District, and the Powers ' vested in the Proprietors cannot conveniently be exercised:

And whereas the Number of the Trustees named in the said Act is now much reduced, and no Sum of Money is due

under the said Act upon the Security of any Rate or otherwise, and no attempt has been made to levy any Rate for f many Years: And whereas it is expedient that the said c Church or Chapel, and the District assigned thereto, should be brought under the Operation of the general Law relating to " New Parishes: "5 Be it enacted, That the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third shall be and the same is hereby repealed, excepting Sections Seventeen, Twenty-three, Twenty-four. Twenty-five, and Twenty-six, but not excepting the Proviso to such Twenty-fifth Section.

31. Notwithstanding the said Order of Her Majesty in Council, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, and the Acts therein referred to, shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, be applicable to the said District, and to the Church or Chapel and Incumbent thereof, and to all Persons and Things connected therewith, as if the said District had been constituted by an Order of Her Majesty in Council in pursuance of the said Acts, issuing on the Day of the passing of this Act, and the said Church or Chapel had been specified as the Parish Church: Provided that all relevant general Provisions of this Act shall be deemed to include the Case of St. James, Wardleworth, without its being specifically named.

32. The Freehold of the Site of the said Church or Chapel and of the House of Residence, with the Appurtenances thereof respectively, is hereby vested in the Incumbent and his Successors for ever.

33. From and after the Augmentation of the Benefice of Saint James, Wardleworth, under this Act One Half Part at least of the whole Number of Pews or Sittings in the said Church or Chapel of Saint James, Wardleworth, shall be declared by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the Bishop of the Diocese to be free Sittings, such Sittings to be selected by the Bishop of the Diocese, so that, having regard to Position and Convenience, they may be as advantageously situated as the remaining Moiety of the Pews and Sittings; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to deal with the said remaining Moiety and the Rents thereof in manner provided by an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes, having regard to the existing statutory Modifications thereof.

34. For

Rochdale Vicarage. Cap. 86, 87. 541

34. For all Purposes of Recital or Reference it shall be Short Title, sufficient to mention this Act as " The Rochdale Vicarage Act,

1866."

FIRST SCHEDULE.

All that Messuage or Dwelling House called or known by the Name of the Vicarage, together with the Coach House, Stabling, Barn, Shippon, Outbuildings, Pleasure Grounds, Yard, Gardens, and Croft or Enclosure of Land, with the Appurtenances, situate and being in the Borough of Rochdale aforesaid, bounded on the Northerly Side thereof by Land sold to the Corporation of Rochdale for public Purposes, on the Easterly Side in part by the said Land sold to the said Corporation, in other Part by other Part of the said Glebe Land, and in other Part by the old Churchyard, on the Southerly Side by other Part of the said Glebe Land called Broadfield, and by a public Footway leading to the said Broadfield, and being also the Carriageway leading to the said Vicarage, and on the Westerly Side by other Part of the said Glebe Land called Sparrow Hill, and which said Pleasure Ground, Gardens, Lands, and Premises contain by Estimation about Three Acres and a Half of Land, and are enclosed on all Sides by Walls or Flag Fences, except where they abut on the Land sold to the said Corporation.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

St. Chad (Saddleworth). Christ Church (Todmorden). The Holy Trinity (Little-borough).

St. James (Milnrow).

Christ Church (Healey).

St. Peter (Walsden).

St. James (Wardleworth).

St. John (Smallbridge).

St. Thomas (Friarmere).

The Holy Trinity (Dobcross). St. Anne (Lydgate).

St. Alban (Rochdale).

St. James (Wardle).

St. Paul (Norden).

St. Martin (Castleton Moor). St. Mary (Rochdale).

St. Clement (Spotland).

THIRD SCHEDULE.

St. James (Wardleworth). St. James (Milnrow).

St. Mary (Rochdale). St. Alban (Rochdale).

The Holy Trinity (Little-borough).

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend the Foreign Jurisdiction Act.

[6th August 1866.]

X> E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time Power for to Time, if and when it seems fit, by Order in Council made Queen

INo.46. Price 2d.] Z z under CounclU°

H osted by (-J O 1C

assign Jurisdiction to Courts in British Dominions in Cases within Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

Short Titles.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 94.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 116.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.

Cap. 87, 88. Foreign Jurisdiction Act Amendment 29 & 30 VICT.

under the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts, to assign to or confer on any Court in any of Her Majesty's Possessions out of the United Kingdom any Jurisdiction, Civil or Criminal, Original or Appellate, which Her Majesty in Council might lawfully by any such Order assign to or confer on any Court in any Country or Place out of Her Majesty's Dominions within which Her Majesty has Power or Jurisdiction, and from Time to Time by any such Order to make such Provisions and Regulations as to Her Majesty in Council seem meet respecting the Exercise of the Jurisdiction so assigned or conferred, and respecting the Enforcement and Execution of the Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and Sentences of any such Court, and respecting Appeals therefrom; and every such Order shall be effectual to vest in the Court to which it relates the Jurisdiction expressed to be thereby assigned or conferred, and the same shall be exercised subject and according to the Provisions and Regulations aforesaid.

2. This Act may be cited as " The Foreign Jurisdiction Act Amendment Act, 1866," and the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, (Chapter Ninety-four,) " to remove Doubts as to the Exercise of Power " and Jurisdiction by Her Majesty within divers Countries " and Places out of Her Majesty's Dominions, and to render Cf the same more effectual," may be cited as " The Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1843," and that Act and The Foreign Jurisdiction Act Amendment Act, 1865, and this Act may be cited together and are in this Act referred to as the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parlia- " ment held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish

Fisheries, and which said Act has since been amended by

a certain Act of the Session held in the Eighth and Ninth c Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, and by a certain other Act of the Session f held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the same

Reign, Chapter Eighty-eight, and by other Acts, and by the said Acts Provision is made for the Protection and Regulation of the Oyster Fisheries in Ireland, and for the granting c of Licences to Owners and Occupiers of Lands and others to c plant and form Oyster Beds and Layings:

And whereas, under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said Acts, Licences have heretofore been granted to divers (Persons to form Oyster Beds in Iceland, and many of such ' Beds have been formed accordingly, and Doubts have arisen

as

543

1866. Oyster Bed Licences (Ireland), Cap. 88.

as to the Operation of such Licences* and the Extent of the Rights acquired under them* and it is expedient to declare the ' Right of Persons claiming under such Licences:

Re it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. Every Licence heretofore granted by the Commissioners for executing the aforesaid Acts to any Person or Persons shall be deemed to be effectual to vest in such Licencee* his Heirs and Assigns* the exclusive Right of laying and planting Oysters and fishing for Oysters in the Oyster Red or Laying by such Licence authorized to be formed, according to the Tenor and Effect of such Licence* free from all prior or other Rights* Titles, Estates* or Interests whatsoever.

2. It shall not be lawful for any Person other than the Licencees or their Assigns* their Agents, Servants* and Workmen* within the Limits of any Oyster Bed or Laying, knowingly to do any of the following Things: —

To use any Implement of Fishing, except a Line and Hook or a Net adapted solely for catching floating Fish* and so used as not to disturb or injure in any Manner any Oyster Bed or Oysters, or the Oyster Fishery:

To dredge for any Ballast or other Substance except under a lawful Authority for improving the Navigation:

To deposit any Ballast* Rubbish, or other Substance:

To place any Implement* Apparatus, or Thing in the Opinion of the Commissioners prejudicial or likely to be prejudicial to any Oyster Bed or Oysters* or Brood or Spawn thereof* or to the Oyster Fishery* except for a lawful Purpose of Navigation or Anchorage:

To disturb or injure in any Manner, except as last aforesaid* any Oyster Bed or Oysters* or Brood or Spawn thereof* or the Oyster Fishery:

To interfere with or take away any of the Oysters from such Bed* without the Consent of the Licencees or Owners or Occupiers of such Bed:

And if any Person does any Act in contravention of this Section' he shall on summary Conviction be liable to the following Penalty, namely* — to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for the First Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Second Offence, and not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Third and every subsequent Offence; and every such Person shall also be liable to make full Compensation to the Licencees for all Damage sustained by them by reason of his unlawful Act* and in default of Payment the same may be recovered from him by the Grantees by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction* whether he has been prosecuted for or convicted of an Offence against this Section or not.

3. In any Case where any such Licence has been granted by the said Commissioners if it shall appear to the said Commissioners.

Declaration as to Licences heretofore granted.

Penalties for injuring Oyster Beds.

Power to Commissioners to reyoke

544

Licences in certain Cases.

Certified Copy of Licence to be Evidence.

This Act to be read together with former Acts.

Sect. 18. of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. and Sect. 42. of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. repealed.

Cap. 88, 89. Oyster Bed Licences (Ireland). 29 & 30 Vict.

missioners that the Licencee under such Licence, or his Assigns, within the Period of Three Years after the passing of this Act has not taken proper Steps to form the Oyster Bed or Laying in such Licence mentioned, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Two of them, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, to revoke such Licence, and thereupon all the Rights and Privileges by such Licence shall cease and determine: Provided always, that previously to the making of such Order the said Commissioners shall cause a Notice in Writing, stating their Intention to make such Order, to be served upon the Person for the Time being entitled to such Licence, or in case such Person cannot be found, the Commissioners shall cause such Notice to be inserted as an Advertisement Three Times at least in some Newspaper circulating in the District; and no such Order shall be made till after the Expiration of One Month from the Service of such Notice, or from the Date of the last of such Advertisements, which shall last happen.

4. A copy of the Licence, certified by the Commissioners or their Secretary, shall be received as Evidence of the original Licence, and shall be of the same Effect as if the original Licence were produced.

5. This Act shall be read together and construed as One Act with the said Acts now in force for the Regulation of the Fisheries in Belaud.

6. From and after the passing of this Act the Eighteenth Section of the Eighth and Ninth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eight, and the Forty-second Section of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Victoria, Chapter Eighty-eight, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for vesting in the Conservators of the River Thames the Conservancy of the Thames and Isis from Staines in the County of Middlesex to Crick-lade in the County of Wilts; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[6th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Preservation and Improvement'of the c Stream Bed and Banks of the upper Part of the

Thames is an Object of great local and public Importance:

And whereas by the Acts described in the First Schedule ' to this Act (to which Acts the Expression " the Upper Navi-c ee gation Acts '' where used in this Act refers, and which c Acts, or some of them, are severally referred to in this ' Act by the respective short Descriptions in the same Sche-f dule contained) certain Powers for the Maintenance and

Improvement of the Navigation of the Thames from Staines

in the County of Middlesex to Cricklade in the County of Wilts e were vested in Commissioners (in this Act called the Upper

Navigation Commissioners):

And

Thames Navigation.

Cap. 89.

And whereas by the Upper Navigation Act of 1795 the f following Persons are appointed the Upper Navigation Commissioners, namely, —

" The Representatives in Parliament for the Counties of (ce Wilts, Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, and Bucks, and for c " all Cities and Towns within the same, and for the Uni-c " versity of Oxford; the Representatives in Parliament c " for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for e " the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough c " of Southwark; the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of

" the City of London, the Vice-Chancellor and Heads

ce r _ n _ i tt n .i xt (* s\ r> 7.1

ui v^uneges anu xiaus m me university oi uxjora, me c " Dean and Canons of Christ Church, the Dean and c " Canons of Windsor, the Provost and Fellows of Eton c " College, the Rectors and Incumbents of the several f " Parishes that border upon the Thames and Isis on " both Sides from Staines to Cricklade; the Mayors and f " Recorders of Oxford, Abingdon, Wallingford, Reading, (" Henley; Maidenhead, and Windsor; the Senior Bridge- warden of Great Marlow, and the Clerk of His Majesty's Board of Works residing at Windsor Castle

" for the Time being; and also every Person being

" seised in his own Right or in right of his Wife of c " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, being Freehold

" or Copyhold, of the Value of One hundred Pounds c " per Annum in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Oxford, c " Berks, and Bucks, or being Heir Apparent of some c Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value (" of Two hundred Pounds; and every Person who does (" or shall reside in either of the said Counties of Wilts, c " Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, and Bucks being seised of f " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid to c " the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum in c " Great Britain, or being Heir Apparent of some Per-c " son having such Estate of the yearly Value of Two f " hundred Pounds, or possessed of Personal Estate to C(the Value of Three thousand Pounds, or being a Holder c " of Loans on the said Navigation to the Amount of Five f " hundred Pounds f c And whereas the Upper Navigation Commissioners thus appointed are inconveniently numerous, and not being a Body Corporate they are ill-constituted and are individually exposed to Liabilities in respect of their Contracts and Acts, and their Powers are inadequate for the efficient Performance of the Duties assigned to them:

And whereas many of the Locks and Works under their Control are in a very bad and dangerous Condition, and in consequence thereof and of other Causes the Traffic on the Part of the Thames under their Authority and their Receipts from Tolls leviable in respect of that Traffic are greatly diminished, and their Income is and has long been

545

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

insufficient to defray the necessary Expenses of the Repair f and Maintenance of the Locks and Works, and they some f Time ago discharged all or many of the Workmen employed by them, and reduced the Salaries of their Officers:

e And whereas if the Duties of the Conservancy of the upper (Part of the Thames were efficiently performed, and the e Locks and Works on the Navigation were restored and kept ' in good Order, and Tolls were levied on a moderate Scale e and under convenient Regulations with respect to through booking of Goods and other Matters, the Traffic on the Navigation and the Income derivable therefrom would consider-c ably increase:

f And whereas the Conservancy of a Portion of the upper f Part of the Thames above the Flow of the Tide, namely, from f Teddington Lock in the County of Middlesex to Staines, is f vested in the Conservators of the River Thames (to whom the Term " the Conservators " where used in this Act refers): s And whereas it is expedient, with a view both to Economy f and to Efficiency, that the whole of the navigable Part of the f Thames be placed under One Management, and that accordingly the Authority of the Upper Navigation Commissioners c be discontinued, and the Conservancy of the Thames from

Staines to Cricklade be vested in the Conservators with the f Powers in this Act expressed or referred to, Provision being (made for the Election of Conservators as Representatives of the Persons qualified to act as Commissioners under the c Upper Navigation Acts, and also for the Appointment of a f Conservator by/the Board of Trade in addition to the One now f appointed by them:

f And whereas certain Owners and Occupiers of Locks, e Dams, and Weirs in the Upper Navigation are or claim to be f entitled to demand and receive Tolls on the Traffic on the ' Navigation, and are subject to the Obligation of keeping in f repair those Locks, Dams, and Weirs, and it is expedient that ' (subject to the Provisions in this Act contained) the Traffic be c relieved from those Tolls, and the Owners and Occupiers of c those Locks, Dams, and Weirs be discharged from the Obliga-c tion of keeping them in repair:

And whereas certain Owners and Occupiers of Mills on the ' Banks of the Thames above Staines have or claim Rights of f drawing off and otherwise interfering with the Water of the

River, to the great Prejudice of the Navigation, and it is expedient that the Exercise of those Rights be restricted and

regulated as in this Act provided:

And whereas certain Persons have or claim a Right or ' Privilege to fish with Nets or Bucks in Parts of the Thames above Staines, and to draw down the Water of the River e for that Purpose, to the great Prejudice of the Navigation, and c it is expedient that any Right of drawing down Water for

that Purpose be abolished:

And

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 547

And whereas it is expedient that Provision be made in this Act for preventing the Pollution of the Thames between ' Cricklade and Staines, and that Application for another Act

for preventing the Pollution of the Thames between Staines (and the Western Boundary of the District under the Authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works be made to Parliament by the Conservators:

And whereas the Companies constituted for supplying

Water within the Metropolis, and drawing Water for that f Purpose from the Thames, namely, the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, the Company of Proprietors of ' Lambeth Waterworks, the Grand Junction Waterworks Company, the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company, and the c Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks c (in this Act referred to as the Five Metropolitan Water

Companies), have, in consideration of the Benefits which will

6 accrue to them from this Act and the other Act so to be applied for, consented to contribute as in this Act provided:

And whereas the Upper Navigation Commissioners have

borrowed large Sums of Money under the Upper Navigation c Acts on Mortgage Security, and there now remains due by them in respect thereof the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand c Pounds or thereabouts, but the Income of the Commissioners,

is and has long b$en insufficient to keep down the Interest thereon, so that the Rate of Interest paid was for some Years ' gradually reduced until Payment of Interest ceased, and considerable Sums are now due by the Commissioners for c Arrears of Interest:

And whereas it is expedient that the Mortgage Debt con-c tracted by the Commissioners be postponed to any Mortgage (Debt to be contracted by the Conservators, and that the f Arrears of Interest aforesaid be extinguished, and that other c Provisions be made respecting the Mortgage Debt contracted c by the Commissioners as in this Act expressed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Thames Navigation Act, 1866.

2# In this Act Interpretation

The Term "the Thames" or "the River" means (unless of Terms, a different Meaning is expressed or implied) the River Thames or Rivers Thames and Isis from the City Stone near Staines to Cricklade: 20 & 21 vict

The Term "the Conservancy Acts" means The Thames c. cxlvii. Conservancy Acts, 1857 and 1864: 27 & 28 Vict.

Terms c* 113-

548

Appointment of Five additional Conservators.

Conservators added by this Act incorporated with existing Body.

Conservancy Acts, &c. to remain unaffected.

One of the Five Conservators to be appointed by Board of Trade.

Constituencies for Election of Four Conservators.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Terms to which Meanings are assigned by the Conservancy Acts, or either of them, or which have therein special Meanings, have in this Act the same respective Meanings.

Addition of Five Conservators.

3. In addition to the existing Number of Eighteen Conservators of the River Thames constituting the Body Corporate of the Conservators, there shall be Five other Conservators who shall (subject to the Provisions of this Act) severally have and be subject to all the same or the like Powers, Functions, Duties, Privileges, Obligations, Disabilities, and Disqualifications as the Eighteen Conservators aforesaid severally have or are subject to under the Conservancy Acts.

4. The Five Conservators added by this Act shall, be incorporated with the existing Body Corporate of the Conservators of the River Thames, and shall with the Eighteen Conservators aforesaid constitute and be One and the same Body Corporate, in like Manner in all respects as if by the Conservancy Acts Provision had been made for the Appointment of the Five Conservators added by this Act, and their Incorporation with and as Members of the Body Corporate constituted by The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857.

5. All the Provisions of the Conservancy Acts or of any other Act relative to the Powers, Functions, Duties, Privileges Obligations, or Proceedings of the Conservators as a Body, and all Acts and Proceedings done, taken, or pending by, against, or in relation to the Conservators as a Body, shall remain unaffected by the Addition to and Incorporation with that Body of the Five Conservators added by this Act, and (except only as is in this Act expressly otherwise provided) shall in all respects continue and be as if this Act had not been passed.

6. Of the Conservators added by this Act One shall be appointed by the Board of Trade; and the Provisions of The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, relative to the Conservator appointed by the Board of Trade under that Act, shall extend and apply io the Conservator appointed by them under this Act.

7. Of the Conservators added by this Act Four shall be elected by such Persons as for the Time being respectively possess some One or more of the Qualifications required for Upper Navigation Commissioners, and as before the passing of this Act have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Affirmations by the Upper Navigation Act of 1795 required to be taken and subscribed by them respectively so as to be authorized to act as Upper Navigation Commissioners if this Act had not been passed, or as after the passing of this Act make and sign at a Conservancy Meeting a Declaration of Qualification in the Form given in the Second Schedule to this Act, or as after the passing of this Act deliver to the Secretary of the Conservators such a Declaration made and signed in the

Presence

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 549

Presence of and attested by a Justice of the Peace, or an Attorney or Solicitor of One of the Superior Courts at Westminster,

8. On or within Seven Days after the First Day of De- Time for First cemher One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Elections Elections* shall be held for the Four elective Conservators added by this Act.

9. On or within Seven Days after the First Day of December Time for in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and,

in every subsequent Year, Elections shall be held for filling up Vacancies among the Conservators elected under this Act.

10. The Days, Hours, and Places on and at which the Elections are to be held shall be appointed by the Conservators. potions.

Notice of every such Appointment shall be published by the Conservators, and such Publication shall be completed as to each Election not less than Fourteen or more than Twenty-eight Days before the Day appointed for that Election.

11. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Conservators Regulations by may from Time to Time, by Byelaw, regulate the Mode of -Byelaws, conducting the Elections.

12. The Electors shall be ascertained for the Purposes of List of Electors, each Election as follows, namely, —

(1.) On or as soon as may be after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the General Clerk to the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or in default of him a Person appointed by the Board of Trade, shall, under the Superintendence of the Board of Trade, and on or as soon as may be after the same Day in every subsequent Year the Secretary of the Conservators shall, under the like Superintendence, make out a List of the Persons entitled on each First Day of October to vote at the Election of a Conservator under this Act:

(2.) The List shall contain in alphabetical Order the Surnames of the Persons so entitled, with their Christian Names and Places of Residence or Business:

(3.) The List shall be signed in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six by the General Clerk or other Person aforesaid, and in every subsequent Year by the Secretary of the Conservators, and in each Case shall be countersigned by One of the Secretaries of the Board of Trade:

(4.) The List shall be completed on or within Seven Days after the First Day of November in each Year:

(5.) The Conservators shall pay to the General Clerk or other Person aforesaid all Expenses incurred by him in making the Lists, and such Remuneration (if any) as the Board of Trade think reasonable for making the same, and shall, if required, pay all Expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in superintending the making of the Lists:

(6.) The

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

(6.) The List shall be conclusive Evidence that the Persons therein named, and no others, are entitled to vote at the Election in the Month of December next after the List is made out:

(7.) Within Seven Days after the Completion of the List the Conservators shall cause it to be printed, and thenceforth until the Day of Election inclusive they shall cause printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable Price to all Persons desiring to buy the same.

13. Each Elector shall be entitled at each Election to One Vote and no more for each Conservator to be elected.

14. Every Male Person of full Age entitled to vote at any Election under this Act of a Conservator shall be qualified, and no other Person shall be qualified, to be elected a Conservator at that Election.

15. A Vote at any Election may be given either by the Elector personally or by another Elector as his Proxy.

The Appointment of a Proxy shall be made by an Instrument in Writing (in the Form given in the Second Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances require), signed by the Appointor, and attested by One Witness at least.

An Instrument appointing a Proxy shall not be used at any Election unless it has been deposited at the Office of the Conservators not less than Forty-eight Hours before the Day appointed for that Election.

Any such Instrument shall not be valid except for the Election next after the Date of its Execution.

16. At the Elections the Deputy Chairman of the Con-Retum b him servafors> an(^ m Absence, such One of the Conservators

1 as the Conservators appoint for the Purpose, shall be the

Returning Officer.

The Returning Officer shall according to the best of his Judgment and Ability make a true Return in Writing to the Conservators of the Person or Persons elected, and every Person so returned shall be deemed duly elected.

If in any Case there is an Equality of Votes for Two or more Candidates for Election to fill One Vacancy there shall be deemed to be a Failure to elect.

Provision for 17. In case any Election is prevented from being held in S°ListliVery conformity with this Act by reason of any List by this Act required not being made out and completed in conformity with this Act, or by reason of any other Accident or Circumstance, there shall be deemed to be a Failure to elect.

Expenses to be 18. The Expenses incurred in obtaining or printing Lists of servatorsC011' Electors, or in providing Places for Elections, or by the Returning Officer, or otherwise by or on behalf of the Conservators in relation to Elections under this Act, shall be deemed Part of the Expenses of the Execution of this Act, and shall be defrayed by the Conservators accordingly.

19. Where

550

Each Elector to have One Vote.

Qualification of Persons elected.

Vote to be given personally or by proxy.

Returning Officer and

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 551

19.. Where the Conservators are by this Act required to Mode of Pub -publish any Notice respecting Elections* they shall do so by °*c

inserting the same as an Advertisement once in each of Two by Conser-successive Weeks in some daily Morning Newspaper published vators. in London or Middlesex, and once in each of the same Weeks in some Newspaper published in the County of Berks; and the Publication shall be deemed to be completed on the Day on which the Second Advertisement in the last-mentioned Newspaper appears.

20. One of the Four Conservators elected under this Act Duration of at the First Election shall go out of Office at the Second Election, One at the Third Election, One at the Fourth Conservators. Election, and the Fourth at the Fifth Election.

The Conservators to go out at the Second, Third, and Fourth Elections respectively shall be determined .by Agreement among or between those elected at the First Election and for the Time being in Office, or, in default of Agreement, by Lots drawn at a Conservancy Meeting by the Secretary of the Conservators.

The Conservator elected at the Second and every subsequent Election shall go out at the Fourth Election after his Election.

Every Conservator going out under this Section shall be re-eligible.

21. In case for any Reason on any Occasion there is a Appointment

Failure to elect a Conservator in conformity with this Act, the ^tm-s^ncase Conservators shall, within One Month after such Failure, of Failure to appoint as Conservator a qualified Person. elect.

Every such Appointment shall be made at a Conservancy Meeting, Notice whereof shall be given in manner required for Special Meetings.

Every Conservator so appointed shall, for the Purposes of this Act, in all respects be as if he had been elected in conformity with this Act.

22. Section Seven of The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, Mode of shall not apply to a Conservator elected under this Act. If casuaf1^ any such Conservator dies or resigns, or if his Office is Vacancies, vacated from any Cause other than that of his going out of

Office by Effluxion of Time or by Rotation, the Conservators may, if they think fit, within One Month after the happening of such Vacancy, appoint in his Place a qualified Person.

Every such Appointment shall be made at a Conservancy Meeting, Notice whereof shall be given in manner required for Special Meetings.

Every Conservator so appointed shall continue in Office only as long as the Person in whose Place he is appointed would have been entitled to continue in Office.

23. If any Conservator elected or appointed by the Con- Vacation of servators under this Act ceases to possess the Qualification requisite for his Election or Appointment as a Conservator, his tion.

Office shall be thereby vacated.

24. ^ny

552

Error in Elections not to vitiate Acts done.

Transfer of Works, Powers, &c. of Upper Navigation Commissioners to Conservators.

Upper Navigation Acts continued and applied to Conservators.

Upper

Navigation

Commissioners

discontinued.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

24. Any Act of the Conservators or any of them shall not be invalidated or be illegal by reason of any Irregularity in the Election or Appointment under this Act of any Conservator, or by reason of the Non-delivery of, or the too late Delivery of, or any Error in, any List of Electors, or by reason of any Irregularity in the making or publishing of any such List, or by reason of any Person not qualified or ceasing to be qualified acting as a Conservator, or by reason of any Failure or Omission on any Occasion to elect or appoint any Conservator under this Act, or by reason of any other Irregularity, Error, Failure, or Omission in or about any Election, or in or about any Matter preliminary or incidental thereto.

Transfer of Works, &c. to Conservators.

25. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Locks, Canals, Works, Toll Houses, Real and Personal Property, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Exemptions, Rights of Action and Suit, and all other the Rights and Interests of the Upper Navigation Commissioners, shall be and the same are hereby absolutely transferred to and vested in the Conservators of the River Thames, and the same may and shall be held, used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Conservators in the same Manner and to the same Extent as the same respectively at the passing of this Act are or if this Act had not been passed might be held, used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Upper Navigation Commissioners.

26. The Upper Navigation Acts shall (except as far as they are by this Act expressed to be varied or repealed) remain in full Force; and all Matters to be done, continued, or completed, or which but for the passing of this Act would, might, or could be done, continued, or completed by the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or any Committee of them, their Officers or Servants, under or by virtue of those Acts, shall or may (as the Case requires) be done* continued, or completed by the Conservators, their Officers and Servants; and those Acts, and every other Act as far as it relates to or affects the Commissioners or the Upper Navigation, shall be construed as if the Conservators had been named therein in relation to the Upper Navigation instead of the Commissioners.

Discontinuance of Upper Navigation Commissioners.

27. From the passing of this Act the Upper Navigation Commissioners shall no longer act or have any Power or Authority to act in the Execution of the Upper Navigation Acts or any of them, and all the Provisions of those Acts or any of them relative to the following Matters or any of them, namely, —

The Times and Places for the Meetings of the Commissioners, and the Appointment and Adjournment of their Meetings;

The

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 553

The Sub-meetings or District Meetings and Committees for Districts of the Commissioners, and their respective Powers, Duties, and Authorities, and Appeals from them;

The Appointment of Clerks of the Peace as Clerks to the Commissioners;

The Appeals from the Orders, Determinations, and Judgments of the Commissioners;

The Alteration, Repeal, or annulling of the Orders, Rules, or Regulations of the Commissioners, and the Mode in which the same are to be written, printed, recorded, or kept;

shall cease to operate, and notwithstanding anything in this Act the same or any of them shall not apply to the Conservators.

28. The following Parts of the Upper Navigation Acts shall Parts of Upper

be and the same are hereby repealed, namely, — Navigation

Of the Upper Navigation Act of 1771 (Section Six) so named much as requires the Commissioners to appoint a General pealed. Treasurer and a General Surveyor of the Navigation, and One Person for each District to be Clerk to the Commissioners acting therein:

Of the same Act Section Nine (relating to the Price to be paid for the Passage of Barges and other Vessels, and to the Obligation on the Owners or Occupiers of Locks to keep in repair the several Locks and Weirs then in the Rivers Thames and Isis, and to Marks for regulating the lowering of the Water):

Of the same Act (Section Ten) so much as empowers any Person to draw down the Water for any Purpose:

Of the same Act Sections Twelve and Thirteen (relating to the Payment of Tolls to Lock Owners):

Of the Upper Navigation Act of 1788 (Section Seven) so much as directs the Commissioners to distinguish the Tolls for the Use of the Locks, Pound Locks, Turnpikes, Bars, or Weirs from those for Towing-paths, Ways, Ferries, and Bridges:

Of the same Act (Section Eight) so much as relates to the Tolls, Rates, and Duties to be taken by the Owners and Occupiers of Locks:

Of the same Act Sections Fourteen and Fifteen (containing Regulations respecting Tolls):

Of the Upper Navigation Act of 1795 Sections Four to Eight both inclusive (relating to Tolls):

Of the same Act Sections Twenty-six to Thirty both inclusive (relating to the Oaths of Commissioners).

29. All Tolls, Rates, Duties, Debts, and Money at the Recovery of passing of this Act due or payable to the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or any Persons on their Behalf, shall be payable nlissioners!1" and paid to the Conservators, and shall be recoverable by the Conservators by the same Ways and Means and subject to the

554

Deeds, Contracts, &c. continued in force.

Causes of Action, &c. preserved.

Actions not to abate.

Prosecution for Offences.

Completion of unexecuted Works.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

same Conditions as the same would or might have been recoverable by the Commissioners if this Act had not been passed.

30. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, all Deeds, Conveyances, Grants, - Assignments, Leases, Purchases, Sales, Mortgages, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities which before the passing of this Act have been duly and legally executed, made, or entered into by, with, or in relation to the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or any of them, and which are in force at the passing of this Act, and all Obligations and Liabilities which before the passing of this Act have been incurred by or to, or which but for this Act might or would have arisen in relation to the Commissioners or any of them, shall, as from the passing of this Act, be as valid and of as full Force in favour of, against, or in relation to the Conservators as if the same had been executed, made, or entered into by, with3 or to, or in relation to, or had been incurred by or to or had arisen in relation to, the Conservators, and as from the passing of this Act the Upper Navigation Commissioners shall be and they and every of them are and is hereby absolutely released from all such Obligations and Liabilities.

31. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, all Causes and Bights of Action or Suit accrued before the passing of this Act, and at the passing of this Act in any Manner enforceable by, for, or against the Upper Navigation Commissioners, shall as from the passing of this Act be and remain as good, valid, and effectual for or against the Conservators as they would or might have been for or against the Commissioners if this Act had not been passed.

32. Nothing in this Act shall cause the Abatement, Discontinuance, or Determination of, or in anywise prejudicially affect any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity commenced by or against the Commissioners before the passing of this Act, and pending at the passing of this Act, but the same may be continued, prosecuted, or enforced by or against the Conservators.

33. All Persons having committed Offences against any of the Provisions of the Upper Navigation Acts before the passing of this Act may be prosecuted, and all Penalties incurred by reason of such Offences may be sued for and recovered under this Act, in like Manner as nearly as may be as if the same had been committed after the passing of this Act.

34. All Works which the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or any of them, are at the passing of this Act authorized or bound to execute and complete, and which are not then executed and completed, may be executed or completed by the Conservators, and for that Purpose the Conservators shall have all the Powers and Bights which were conferred on the' Commissioners, and which but for the passing of this Act might have been exercised by the Commissioners.

35. All

555

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89.

35. All Officers and Persons who on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six had, or at the passing of this Act have, in their Possession or under their Control any Books, Papers, Documents, or Effects belonging to the Upper Navigation Commissioners, or to which the Commissioners but for this Act would have been entitled, shall, as from the passing of this Act, be liable to account for and deliver up the same to the Conservators in the same Manner and subject to the same Consequences on Refusal or Neglect as if those Officers and Persons had been appointed by or become possessed of the same Books, Papers, Documents, or Effects for the Conservators; and if any Person fails to account for or deliver up any such Book, Paper, Document, or Effects, he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs, at the Suit of the Conservators, without Prejudice to any other Proceeding against him.

36. All Books and Documents which if this Act had not been passed would have been Evidence in respect of any Matter for or against the Upper Navigation Commissioners shall be admitted in Evidence in respect of the same or the like Matter for or against the Conservators.

37. All the Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations of the Upper Navigation Commissioners relating to the Management, Use, or Control of the Upper Navigation, shall, notwithstanding this Act, continue to be in force and applicable to and in respect of that Navigation, and shall and may be enforced by and available to the Conservators in their own Name, as well for the Recovery of Penalties as for all other Purposes, as if the same had been originally made by the Conservators, until other Byelaws, Rules, or Regulations are made by the Conservators in their Stead.

j Powers of Conservators.

38. The Conservators shall have and may exercise all the Powers by the Upper Navigation Acts expressed to be conferred on the Upper Navigation Commissioners assembled in Meeting or otherwise, or on any Meeting, Sub-Meeting, or District Meeting of the Commissioners, or on any Committee, or on any Majority or any Number of the Commissioners.

39. Where by the Upper Navigation Acts the Signatures of any Number of the Upper Navigation Commissioners are requisite to any Document, the Common Seal of the Conservators shall be affixed to that Document, if required under this Act, in lieu of those Signatures.

40. All Powers and Duties by the Upper Navigation Acts, or any of them, conferred or imposed on the Surveyor and Treasurer respectively of the Commissioners shall be and the same are hereby conferred and imposed on the Engineer and Secretary respectively of the Conservators.

3 A 2 41. From

Officers to be accountable for Books, &c.

Books to be Evidence.

Byelaws, &c. to remain in force.

Conservators to have Powers of Meetings, Committees, &c. of Commissioners.

Documents requiring Signatures to be sealed.

Transfer of Powers of Surveyor, &c.

556

Conservancy Acts extended, to Upper Thames.

Byelaws to be made under Conservancy Acts.

Conservators to repair Dams &c. in lieu of Millowners, &c.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 Vict.

41. From the passing of this Act the Conservators shall have the same or the like Powers and Authorities over and with respect to the Thames and Isis from Staines to Crichlade as they have by virtue of the Conservancy Acts over and with respect to the Thames below Staines; and all the Provisions of the Conservancy Acts shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Thames and Isis from Staines to Crichlade, and those Acts shall be read and have Effect together with this Act as One Act as nearly as may be as if the Conservancy of the Thames and Isis from Staines to Crichlade had been comprised in The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, and had been accordingly thereby vested in the Conservators; and for this Purpose —

The Expression " this Act " where used . in either of the Conservancy Acts shall be taken to include the present Act:

The Expression " River Thames," or " River," where used in either of the Conservancy Acts, shall be taken to include the Thames as defined by this Act:

The Word " Shores" where used in either of the Conservancy Acts shall be taken to include the Shores of the Thames as defined by this Act:

Save that nothing in this Act shall extend to the Thames as defined by this Act the Provisions of Section One hundred and three. One hundred and four, or One hundred and sixty-six of The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, or so much of Section Fifty-eight of that Act as requires the Approval, for the Purposes therein mentioned, of One of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

42. The Provisions of the Conservancy Acts respecting Byelaws shall extend and apply to Byelaws for the Purposes of the Upper Navigation Acts or this Act.

43. On the passing of this Act the Property in all Locks, Dams, and Weirs then existing in or on the Stream or Bed of the Thames (as far as the same is not then vested in the Commissioners) shall be and the same is hereby absolutely transferred to and vested in the Conservators, who shall maintain and repair those Locks, Dams, and Weirs unless and until removed by lawful Authority, and all Obligation on any Person as Owner or Occupier thereof or of any Mill or Lands to maintain and repair those Locks, Dams, and Weirs or any of them shall absolutely cease; and the Conservators shall have free Access by Land and Water to every such Lock, Dam* or Weir for the Purposes of Repair and other necessary Purposes: Provided always, that if any Person having or claiming any Estate in any such Lock, Dam, or Weir, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, gives Notice in Writing to the Conservators that he objects to the vesting in them of

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 557

such. Lock, Dam, or Weir, then and in every such Case the following Provisions shall have Effect:

(1.) The Conservators may, if they think fit, by Deed disclaim such Lock, Dam, or Weir, and thereupon the same shall be and remain as if this Section had not been inserted in this Act:

(2.) If the Conservators do not so disclaim any such Lock,

Dam, or Weir, then it shall be referred to an Arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade to determine whether or not the same should be retained by the Conservators, and if so, on what Terms or Conditions, and the Award of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding:

(3.) If in any such Case the Arbitrator awards that the Lock, Dam, or Weir should not be retained by the Conservators, they shall forthwith by Deed release the same, and thereupon the same shall be and remain as if this Section had not been inserted in this Act:

(4.) The Costs of every such Arbitration shall be in the Discretion of the Arbitrator.

44. Provided also. That if any Person having or claiming Provision for any Estate in any such Lock, Dam, or Weir, within Six ^O^foT Months after the passing of this Act, gives Notice in Writing Weirs, &c. to the Conservators that he claims Compensation in respect of the vesting in them of such Lock, Dam, or Weir, then in case the Parties differ it shall be referred to an Arbitrator appointed by Agreement, or (in default of Agreement) by the Board of Trade on the Application of either Party, to determine the Amount of and Title to such Compensation; and in assessing the Amount of such Compensation, if any, the Arbitrator shall have regard to the State of Repair of such Lock, Dam, or Weir, and to the Period likely to elapse before any further Outlay thereon for permanent Repairs will be requisite, and to the Liability, if any, of the Claimant to effect such Repairs, and to the Decay of the Navigation, if this Act had not been passed, but shall not take into consideration any Estate or Interest claimed in Tolls or Payments on or in respect of Vessels passing by or through such Lock, Dam, or Weir; and the Arbitrator shall determine in what Manner and on or out of what Fund or Property the Compensation, if any, shall be charged or paid, and the Decision of the Arbitrator shall be final, and the Costs of the Arbitration shall be in his Discretion.

45. Provided also, That the vesting by this Act of any Lock, Provision as Dam, or Weir in the Conservators shall not give to any Persons ^roassj^1fis, other than the Conservators, their Agents or Servants, the usedPortions Right to pass and repass in Boats to or from any Lock, Dam, of Navigation, or Weir, which is at the passing of this Act the Property of

any individual Owner, over any Portion of the Thames that has ceased to be navigable since the Use of such Lock, Dam, or Weir for the Navigation of the Thames was discontinued, or

Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Saving for Trees, &c. at Temple Weir.

For Protection of Lands belonging to G. C. Cherry, Esq.

Power for Conservators to regulate drawing down, &c. of Water.

Provision as to drawing down of Water for Repairs, &c. of Mills.

Provision as to Buscot and Eaton Weirs.

to land upon such Lock, Dam, or Weir, or take away or interfere with any Right of Way existing at the passing of this Act to or over any Lock, Dam, or Weir for the Time being existing in or on the Stream or Bed of the Thames.

46. Provided also, That notwithstanding the vesting in the Conservators of the present Locks, Dams, and Weirs on the Thames, it shall not be lawful for the Conservators to cut down or destroy the Trees and Shrubs on the Embankment and Eyots at Temple Lock and Weir, except as far as may be necessary for the Preservation of the Waterway of the Navigation, or to alter or impair the ornamental Character of such Embankment and Eyots.

47. The Conservators shall always maintain the present Communication or an equally convenient one between the Lands in the Parishes of Little Wittenham and Dorchester respectively, now belonging or claimed to belong to George Charles Cherry Esquire; and nothing in this Act shall injuriously affect any Right of Fishery now belonging or claimed to belong to the said George Charles Cherry in* reversion or otherwise.

48. Notwithstanding anything in any of the Upper Navigation Acts, the Conservators may regulate as they think fit the opening, shutting, and Management of the Locks and Works on the Thames, and the drawing down or keeping back of the Water by means of any of those Locks and Works, but so as not to interfere in the Case of any Mill with the Maintenance of as efficient a Head of Water for the Purposes thereof as at the passing of this Act may lawfully be maintained for those Purposes; and in case of any Difference between the Conservators and any Mill Owner relative to the Exercise of the Powers by this Section vested in the Conservators, the same shall be determined by an Arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade, whose Decision shall be final; but nothing in this Section shall take away from the Conservators or interfere with the Exercise by them of any Power that would have been exerciseable by the Upper Navigation Commissioners if this Act had not been passed.

49. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, and until it is otherwise provided by Byelaw, any Owner or Occupier of any Mill may draw down the Water to such Extent and at such Times as may reasonably be required for the Repair of such Mill, or any Flood-gates or Waterworks belonging thereto, and for the Purpose of cleansing the Mill-stream.

50. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall take away or diminish any Right and Property now enjoyed by and vested in Robert Campbell Esquire of Buscot Park, his Heirs and Assigns, in and over Buscot Weir and Eaton Weir, in the County of Berks, and the Locks and Works connected therewith respectively; or the Liability to repair and amend the said Locks and Weirs, and the Works connected therewith;

or

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 559

or any Right and Privilege enjoyed by him of damming up the Waters of the River Thames at the] said 1 Weirs; and the following Provisions shall relate to the said Weirs:

(1.) Any Property, Rights and Privilege hereby reserved to the said Robert Campbell, his Heirs and Assigns, shall not be used or exercised, excepting for the Purpose of working Water Wheels at Buscot and Eaton respectively:

(2.) In the Exercise of any such Right and Privilege the said Robert Campbell, his Heirs and Assigns, shall obey all Byelaws, Rules, and Regulations made by the Conservators:

(3.) It shall no longer be lawful for the said Robert Campbell, his Heirs or Assigns, to demand or receive the Toll or Payment hitherto levied by him on Vessels passing the said Locks and Weirs, or to demand or receive any other Toll or Payment with respect to Vessels passing or through the same.

51. In case at ally Time after the passing of this Act any Provision for

Work is done or executed, or proposed to be done or executed, Com

by the Conservators, which, in the Opinion of any of the Five paniesoi Works Metropolitan Water Companies, will inj uriously affect either of Conserva-the Flow or the Purity of the Water of the Thames, above or tors *

at the Place where such Company draws its Supply, the Company may give Notice in Writing, under its Common Seal, to the Conservators, requiring them to alter such Work, or not to do or execute the proposed Work, as the Case maybe; and thereupon the Matter shall be referred to some competent and impartial Engineer nominated in that Behalf by the Board of Trade, who shall decide what shall be done in the Premises, and whose Decision shall be final, and the Costs of every such Reference shall be in the Discretion of the Referee.

52. The Conservators shall cause the Surface of the Thames Siyface of to be (as far as is reasonably practicable) effectually scavenged, ^1^Jnt0]>e in order to the Removal therefrom of Substances liable to & Putrefaction.

53. For the Purposes of this Act, the Conservators, their Power for Engineers, Surveyors, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, may, ^°^r o^ at all reasonable Times, enter on any Lands in or near the Lands to Thames above Staines, in order to survey and take Levels survey, &c. thereof, and to probe or bore for ascertaining the Nature of the Soil, and to set out the Line of any Work, the Conservators first giving not less than Three or more than Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Occupier of such Lands, and causing as little Inconvenience as may be in the Exercise of the Powers of this Section, and making Compensation for any Damage thereby occasioned.

54. If in any Case where the Consent of the Conservators Provision as to is requisite for any Purpose under The Land Drainage Act, Land Drainage 1861, as affecting the Thames above the City of Oxford, such at>ove ord* Consent is not given within Two Months after the same is

applied

560

Power to take Tolls for Vessels, &c.

Power to make Arrangements as to Tolls.

Abolition of Tolls of old Lock Owners.

Provision for Compensation to Robert Danbe.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

applied for, the Body or Person desiring to obtain such Consent may apply to the Board of Trade, who shall direct whether or not such Consent is to be given, and if so, on what Terms or Conditions, and the Conservators shall follow the Directions of the Board of Trade.

Tolls and Charges.

55. The Conservators may from Time to Time demand and receive, in respect of Vessels, Goods, and Things navigating or carried on the Thames, Tolls and Charges to be from Time to Time appointed by Byelaw, and until any such Byelaw is made may from Time to Time demand and receive in respect of those Vessels, Goods, and Things Tolls and Charges not exceeding those which the Upper Navigation Commissioners are at the passing of this Act authorized to demand and receive.

56. The Conservators, in conformity with any Byelaws regulating the Receipt of Tolls and Charges under this Act, may from Time to Time enter into and execute Agreements with Persons liable to pay Tolls or Charges, with respect to the Mode and Times for the Collection and Payment of Tolls or Charges, or the Payment of annual or other periodical Sums by way of Composition for any Tolls or Charges, and may from Time to Time make such Arrangements as they think fit respecting the levying of Tolls or Charges on Traffic passing from the Upper Navigation down the Thames or vice versa.

Provided always, that the Conservators shall not, by or under any such Agreement or Arrangement, make or give any undue or unreasonable Preference or Advantage to or in favour of any particular Person or any particular Description of Traffic in any respect whatsoever, or subject any particular Person or any particular Description of Traffic to any undue or unreasonable Prejudice or Disadvantage in any respect whatsoever.

If any Person liable to pay any Tolls or Charges thinks himself aggrieved by any such Agreement or Arrangement, or by anything done in pursuance thereof, he may apply to the Board of Trade, and the Conservators shall follow the Directions of the Board of Trade in the Matter.

57. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person by virtue of any Right or Claim as Owner or Occupier of any Lock, Dam, or Weir in or on the Stream or Bed of the Thames to demand or receive any Toll or Payment on or in respect of any Vessel passing by or through that Lock, Dam, or Weir.

58. Provided always, That the Conservators shall make Compensation for any Tolls or Payments to or in which Robert Danbe, of the Weirs, near the City of Oxford, Publican, is entitled or interested, and which are abolished by this Act, according to the Value thereof as they stood before the Notice given for this Act, and the Amount of and Title to such Compensation,

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 561

pensation, and the Form thereof, (whether by annual Payment or by a gross Sum, or partly in one way and partly in the other,) shall be determined by an Arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade, on the Application of the said Robert Danbe or his Representatives or Assigns, made within Three Months after the passing of this Act, and the Amount thereof shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, be charged on and paid out of the Tolls and Charges leviable by the Conservators under this Act, in priority to all other Charges and Payments on or out of the same, except the Expenses of the Repair and Maintenance of the Works vested in the Conservators by this Act, and the Interest on any Mortgage Debt contracted by the Conservators for such Repair and Maintenance; and, notwithstanding anything in this Act, the Conservators may, if they think fit, redeem such Compensation (if in the Form of annual Payment) on such Terms as the Conservators and the said Robert Danbe} his Representatives or Assigns, agree on, and for that Purpose the Conservators may apply any Funds coming to them under this Act.

Payments by Water Companies, &c.

59. The Five Metropolitan Water Companies shall each Contributions pay to the Conservators the annual Sum of One thousand

Pounds, payable by equal half-yearly Payments on the Twenty- panieSt fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, the first half-yearly Payment to become due on the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, such Payments to be irrespective of and in addition to any Payments otherwise payable to the Conservators by the Five Companies or any of them.

60. The Payments to be made under this Act by the Five Contributions Metropolitan Water Companies respectively shall be the First tobeEimieS Charge on the net Receipts of the respective Companies, after charge on their and subject only to any Debts or Charges at the passing of this Receipts after Act payable thereout or charged thereon respectively, and in ^.lsting -Debts> priority to any Claim of any Shareholders, Stockholders, Proprietors, or Members of or in the respective Companies to

any Dividend or Share of Profits or Receipts; and from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six it shall not be lawful for any of those Five Companies at any Time to pay or divide any Dividend or Share of Profits or Receipts to or among any Shareholders,

Stockholders, Proprietors, or Members of or in that Company, unless and until the same Company have paid to the Conservators the half-yearly Payment accrued due from that Company under this Act at the then last preceding Twenty-fourth Day of June or Twenty-fifth Day of December, as the Case may be.

61. The half-yearly Payments to be made as aforesaid by Payments of the Five Metropolitan Water Companies respectively shall be bg^houtt0 made without Deduction; and all Sums so paid shall, in the Deduction

Hands

562

and free from Taxes, &c.

Power for Bodies Corporate, &c. to contribute.

Sewage, &c. prohibited from being sent into River where not so sent at passing of Act.

Cap. 89, Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Hands of the Conservators, be free from all Parliamentary, Parochial, and other general and local Taxes, Pates, and Assessments whatever.

62. Any Body Corporate, Commissioners, or other Body, and any Trustees or other Persons, may from Time to Time contribute out of or by means of the Funds or Property under their respective Management or Control, and lawfully at their Disposal for this Purpose, or belonging to them, such Sums of Money in such Form and on such Terms and Conditions as they think fit (but not so as to prejudice any Bight or Interest of any Person), towards the Cost of such Improvements in or relating to the Thames under this Act, as they deem beneficial to any Lands under their Management or held by them, or to the Inhabitants of any Town or District in or adjoining to which those Lands are situate.

Pollution of Water.

63. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person to do any of the following Things, namely, —

(1.) To open into the Thames any Sewer, Drain, Pipe, or Channel, with Intent or in order thereby to provide for the Flow or Passage of Sewage, or of any other offensive or injurious Matter:

2.) To cause, or, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused,) to suffer any Sewage or any Matter aforesaid to flow or pass into the Thames down or through any Sewer, Drain, Pipe, or Channel not at the passing of this Act used for that Purpose:

(3.) To open into any Biver, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse communicating with the Thames at any Point within Three Miles of the Thames, measured in a direct Line therefrom, any Sewer, Drain, Pipe, or Channel, with Intent or in order thereby to provide for the Flow or Passage of Sewage or of any Matter aforesaid in such Manner that the same will be carried or be likely to be carried by, through, or out of that Biver, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse into the Thames;

(4.) To cause, or, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused,) to suffer any Sewage or any Matter aforesaid to flow or pass into any such Biver, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse at any Point within the Distance aforesaid, down or through any Sewer, Drain, Pipe, or Channel not at the passing of this Act used for that Purpose, in such Manner that the same will be carried or be likely to be carried by, through, or out of that Biver, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse into the Thames:

If

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89. 563

If any Person does any Act or Thing in contravention of this Enactment he shall for every such Offence be liable on summary Conviction to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds for every Day during which the Offence is continued after the Day on which the First Penalty is incurred.

64. Whenever any Sewage or any other offensive or injurious Notice for Dis-Matter is caused or suffered to flow or pass into the Thames, continuance or is caused or suffered to flow or pass into any River, Stream, Sewerage^ Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse communicating with the Works. Thames, at any Point within Three Miles of the Thames. measured in a direct Line therefrom, in such Manner that the same is carried or is likely to be carried into the Thames, then and in every such Case, whether any such Sewage or other Matter aforesaid had or had not been so caused or suffered to flow or pass before the passing of this Act, the Conservators within a reasonable Time after Knowledge of the Fact shall and they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing under their Common Seal to the Person or Body causing or suffering the same so to flow or pass, to the Effect that they require him or them to discontinue the Flow or Passage thereof as aforesaid within a Time to be specified in the Notice, not being in any Case less than Twelve Months or more than Three Years; provided that the Conservators may, if they think fit, at any Time, and from Time to Time, extend the Time specified in the Notice, by another Notice in Writing under their Common Seal; but nothing in this Section shall authorize the Conservators, until the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of this Act, to give to the Owner or Occupier of any Mill or Work a Notice requiring him to discontinue the Flow or Passage as aforesaid of any Liquid Matter produced or used in the Manufacture of Paper or in any Process incidental thereto.

65. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, any Person to Penalty for whom any such Notice is given by the Conservators shall, Disregard of notwithstanding anything in any other Act, within the Time Notice* allowed by the Notice, discontinue the Flow or Passage of the Sewage or other offensive or injurious Matter to which the Notice refers, and if any Person fails to do so he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable, on summary Conviction thereof before Two or more Justices, or on Conviction thereof on Indictment, to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds for every Day during which the Offence is continued after the Day on which the First Penalty is incurred.

66. Provided always, That if any Person to whom any such Power to Notice is given thinks himself aggrieved by reason of the Time obtain Exten-allowed, either by the original or by any subsequent Notice, S10n 0 une* not being sufficient to enable him to discontinue the Flow

or Passage of the Sewage or other offensive or injurious Matter to which the Notice refers, he may, not later than One Month

before

564 Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

before the Expiration of the Time so allowed, by Writing delivered to the Secretary of the Conservators, demand an Extension of such Time; and in case the Conservators refuse to comply with such Demand the Question of such Extension shall be referred to an Arbitrator appointed by Agreement, or, failing Agreement, by the Board of Trade, on the Application of either Party, and the Decision of the Arbitrator shall be final, and the Costs of the Reference shall be in the Discretion of the Arbitrator.

Power for 67. Notwithstanding anything in The Thames Conservancy

Procee^n°^ b > (Section One hundred and sixty,) any Proceeding

Ceitiorari^and pursuance of this Act in respect of such a Misdemeanor Appeal to be as aforesaid may be removed by Certiorari into Her Majesty's with a Jury. Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster; and notwithstanding anything in the same Act (Section One hundred and sixty-two), the Court of Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine with a Jury any Appeal brought against any Adjudication or Determination in respect of such a Misdemeanor as aforesaid. Eight to pro- 68. It shall not be competent for any Person, other than the Conseiwatm-s11 Conservators, their Officers, Attorneys, Solicitors, or Agents, only. to institute or carry on any Proceeding or Prosecution under

the Provisions of this Act relative to the Flow or Passage of Sewage or of any Matter aforesaid.

Nothing to 69. Nothing in the Provisions of this Act relative to the

legalize Nrn- Flow or Passage of Sew age or of any Matter aforesaid shall be sances or aticct o # o j

deemed to legalize or permit any Nuisance, or shall take away

or prejudicially affect any Remedy or Right which the Conservators or any Person would or might have had or exercised if this Act had not been passed, as against the Person for the Time being causing or suffering the Flow or Passage thereof.

Borrowing Power.

70. In order to defray the Expenses of executing this Act the Conservators may from Time to Time borrow at Interest on the Security of the Tolls and Charges leviable and other Income receivable by them under this Act, or any Part thereof, such Sums of Money as they think requisite for the Execution of this Act, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds (over and above any Money which they are for the Time being authorized to borrow independently of the present Enactment,) and may mortgage the Tolls and Charges leviable and other Income receivable by them under this Act, or any Part thereof, to secure the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, accordingly.

71. The Provisions of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, as far as the same are applicable for the Purposes and are not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, are hereby incorporated with this Act.

72. The Conservators may borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and those Commissioners may lend to

them.

any Remedy which Conservators at present have.

Power to borrow on Mortgage of ToUb.

Part of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. incorporated.

Power to borrow from Public Works

1866. Thames Navigation. Cap. 89.

them, such Sum of Money as the Public Works Loan Commissioners think fit, for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds.

78. Except with respect to Money borrowed from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, the Conservators shall pay off any Money borrowed by them under this Act, either by Instalments or by means of a Sinking Fund invested in Government Securities, and increased by Accumulation in the way of Compound Interest, or otherwise, as follows, that is to say, as to any Money borrowed before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, within Fifty Years from that Date, and as to any Money borrowed after that Date within Fifty Years after the same is borrowed.

74. If the Conservators at any Time pay off otherwise than by Instalments or a Sinking Fund any Money borrowed by them, they may from Time to Time re-borrow the same, or any less Amount, in manner aforesaid, and on the Security on which they are by this Act authorized to borrow, and so toties quo ties, but so that the total Amount at any One Time borrowed by them and remaining unpaid shall not exceed One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds.

75. Any Lands or other Property vested in or acquired by the Conservators by or under this Act, or any Part thereof, may be made, either alone or with the Tolls and Charges leviable under this Act or any Part thereof, a Security for any Money borrowed by the Conservators under this Act on such Terms and Conditions as the Conservators and any Lender of Money from Time to Time agree on.

76. Any Money borrowed by the Conservators under this Act shall be a Charge on the Tolls and Charges, ^Lands and Property, mortgaged by the Conservators to secure the Repayment thereof, in priority to any Charge existing thereon at the passing of this Act.

77. The Conservators may from Time to Time, if they think fit, agree with any Lender of Money to them under this Act to give him a Security for that Money, with Interest, on the Conservancy Fuad created under the Conservancy Acts, subject to and after any Charge for the Time being subsisting thereon under the Conservancy Acts, and on such Terms as the Conservators and any such Lender agree on, and may in every such Case give such a Security accordingly; and the Provisions of The Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, relative to Mortgages of the Conservancy Fund, shall extend and apply as far as Circumstances admit to every such Security.

Commissioners Mortgage Debt.

78. The Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners and now remaining unpaid (not exceeding the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand four hundred Pounds), with Interest from the passing of this Act at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum,

565

Loan Commissioners.

Instalments or Sinking Fund.

Power to re-borrow.

Power to mortgage' Lands, &c.

Money borrowed under this Act to be First Charge.

Collateral Security on Conservancy Fund.

Charge on Tolls of Commissioners Mortgage Debt.

Issue of

postponed

Mortgages.

Interest to be charged on Tolls, &c. only within each Year.

Priority of Instalments and Sinking Fund over Interest on existing Debt.

Extinguishment of Arrears of Interest on existing Debt.

Power for Conservators to redeem existing Debt.

Additional Payments to Conservators.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

shall be a Charge on the Tolls and Charges leviable under this Act, subject to and after any Charge thereon for the Time being created by the Conservators under this Act.

79. The Conservators shall, at the Request of any Holder of any Portion of the Mortgage or Bond Debt aforesaid, and on Delivery up by him of any Security for the same held by him, execute and deliver to him a postponed Mortgage of the Tolls leviable under this Act and of the Property held by the Upper Navigation Commissioners and transferred to the Conservators by this Act, the same to bear Interest at the Rate aforesaid, and the Provisions of this Act and of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, incorporated with this Act, relative to Mortgages, shall extend and apply, as far as Circumstances admit, to the postponed Mortgages issued under this Enactment.

80. The Interest on the Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners, to accrue after the passing of this Act, shall be a Charge on the Tolls and Charges leviable under this Act Year by Year only; and if in any Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December there are not Receipts from those Tolls and Charges (after Payment of or Allowance for all Sums properly payable thereout or chargeable thereon) available for the Payment of the full Amount of Interest for that Year, no Part of the Deficiency shall be made good out of the Receipts from those Tolls and Charges in any subsequent Year, or out of any other Funds of the Conservators, and all Right to receive or recover the Deficiency shall be and the same is hereby extinguished.

81. The Instalments or Payments to a Sinking Fund required by this Act to be made by the Conservators for paying off Money borrowed by them under this Act shall be a Charge on the Tolls and Charges leviable under this Act in priority to any Interest on the Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners.

82. The Right of any Person to recover any Arrear of Interest accrued due and unpaid before the passing of this Act in respect of the Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners is hereby extinguished.

83. The Conservators may from Time to Time, as and when they think proper, redeem any Portion of the Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners at such Prices and on such Terms as they and the Holders respectively of Portions of that Debt agree on, and for that Purpose the Conservators may, if they think proper, apply any Funds coming to their Hands under this Act.

Payments to Conservators.

84. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six. Section Forty of The Thames Conservancy Act, 1864, shall be read and have Effect as if the Words " One thousand eight hundred Pounds99 were

therein

1866.

567

Thames Navigation. Cap. 89.

therein substituted for the Words " One thousand two hundred Pounds" and from and after the same Day the Conservators every Year shall set apart out of the Funds coming to them under this Act such Sum, not exceeding in any One Year Seven hundred Pounds, as the Conservators, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, think fit, and shall divide the same among the several Conservators as the Conservators from Time to Time think fit.

Compensation to Officers.

85. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to determine with respect to any Officer of the Upper Navigation Commission who may not be continued in Office by the Conservators whether he should receive any, and if so, what Compensation for the Loss of his Emoluments, and such Compensation shall be charged on the Revenue Accounts of the Conservators.

Separate Accounts and Liabilities.

86. The Conservators shall keep separate Accounts of their Receipts and Expenditure, Credits and Liabilities, under this Act, which shall be subject to the same Provisions as their Accounts kept under the Conservancy Acts.

87. Subject to the Effect of any Agreement between the Conservators and any Lender of Money to them under this Act, the Liabilities attaching to the Conservators under this Act shall be satisfied exclusively out of Money coming to them under this Act.

Application of Revenue and Capital.

88. All Money coming to the Conservators under this Act (not being raised on Mortgage or received as Consideration for Lands sold, and not being otherwise in the Nature of Capital,) shall be carried by the Conservators to their Revenue Account under this Act, and shall be applied by them in the Manner and in the Order following, and not otherwise, namely, —

(1.) In defraying the necessary and proper Establishment and Working Expenses of the Conservators under this Act, and the Expenses of the Repair and Maintenance of the Works vested in or acquired or constructed by them by or under this Act:

(2.) In paying the Interest from Time to Time accruing due on any Mortgage Debt contracted by them:

(3.) In providing the Instalments or Sinking Fund required by this Act:

(4.) In payment of any annual Sum payable by way of Compensation under this Act, except where otherwise provided by this Act:

(5.) In paying Year by Year the Interest accruing due on the Mortgage or Bond Debt contracted by the Upper Navigation Commissioners:

(6.) In carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act.

3 B 2 89. All

Compensation for Loss of Emolument.

Separate Accounts under this Act.

Liabilities to be charged on Funds under this Act.

Application of Revenue.

Application of Capital.

Conservators to apply to Parliament for further Powers.

Conservators to pay Costs of this Act.

Cap. 89. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

89. All Money coming to the Conservators under this Act, being raised on Mortgage, or received as Consideration for Lands sold, or being otherwise in the Nature of Capital, shall be carried by the Conservators to their Capital Account under this Act, and shall be applied by them in the Manner and in the Order following, and not otherwise, namely, —

(1.) In paying the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the raising of Money and of the selling of Lands as aforesaid:

(2.) In the Purchase of any Lands requisite for the Worts which the Conservators are by this Act authorized to restore or construct, and in the Restoration or Construction of those Works, and otherwise in the Execution of this Act.

Application for further Act.

90. The Conservators shall apply to Parliament, so soon as the Usage and Practice of Parliament will permit, for an Act containing such Provisions in relation to the Thames between Staines and the Western Boundary of the District under the Authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works as are not already in force in relation to that Part of the Thames, and as are contained in this Act in relation to the Thames between Cricklade and Staines, or such other Provisions as will enable them efficiently to preserve and purify the Waters of the Thames.

Expenses of Act.

91. The Costs, Charges, and Expenses preliminary to and of and incidental to the preparing for, obtaining, and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Conservators in the first instance out of the Conservancy Fund; and the Amount thereof shall be repaid to that Fund out of Money coming to the Conservators under this Act.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE. '

The Upper Navigation Acts.

24 Geo. 2. c. 8. — An Act for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London Westward to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1751.]

11 Geo. 3. c. 45. — An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1771.]

15 Geo. 3, c. 11. — An Act to amend an Act made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1775.]

28 Geo. 3.

1866.

569

Thames Navigation. Cap. 89.

28 Geo. 3. c. 51. — An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London near Staines in the County of Middlesex to the said Town of Cricklade.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1788.]

35 Geo. 3. c. 106. — An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to explain " amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the " Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the City " of London to the Town of Cricklade in the County of " Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from " the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London " near Staines in the County of Middlesex to the said Town " of Crickladeand for extending ai?d enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Jurisdiction of the City of London near Staines in the County of Middlesex to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1795.]

52 Geo. 3. c. xlvii. — An Act to authorize the Commissioners for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis from the Jurisdiction of the City of London near Staines in the County of Middlesex to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, to make a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milson's Point in the Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey to communicate with the said River at or near Bell Weir in the said Parish of Egham, and to erect Pound Locks in such Cut, with necessary Weirs and other Works on the said Navigation.

[The Upper Navigation Act of 1812.]

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Declaration of Qualification.

The Thames Navigation Act, 1866.

I A.B. of do solemnly declare that I [here set

forth a Statement of some one of the Qualifications required by the Upper Navigation Act of 1795, in the Terms thereof J.

Dated this Day of 18 .

Witness, (Signed) A.B.

X.Y of.

3 B 3 Form Hosted by

570 Cap. 89, 90. Thames Navigation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Form of Proxy Paper.

The Thames Navigation Act, 1866.

I A.B. of being entitled to vote at

the Election of [Conservators o?-] a Conservator to be held in the Month of December 186, do by this Writing appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy to vote on

my Behalf at that Election.

(Signed) A.B.

Witness,

X.Y. of

Short Title of Act.

Definition of " Sewer Authority

" Lord Lieutenant in Council."

This Part to be construed with 28 & 29 Vict. c. 75.

Power to Sewer Authority to form Committee of its own Members and others.

CAP. XC.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Public Health.

[7th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating

- to Public Health:' Be it enacted by the Queen's haost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Sanitary Act, 1866.

PART I.

Amendment of the Sewage Utilization Act, 1865.

2. " Sewer Authority " in this Act shall have the same Meaning as it has in The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865.

The Words " Lord Lieutenant in Council" shall mean in this Act the Lord Lieutenant or any Chief Governor or Chief Governors in Ireland acting by and with the Consent of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

3. This Part of this Act shall be construed as One with the The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and the Expression "The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865," as used in this or any other Act of Parliament or other Document, shall mean the said Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, as amended by this Act.

4. Any Sewer Authority may from Time to Time, at any Meeting specially convened for the Purpose, form One or more Committee or Committees consisting wholly of its own Members, or partly of its own Members and partly of such other Persons contributing to the Rate or Fund out of which the Expenses incurred by such Authority are paid, and qualified in such other Manner as the Sewer Authority may determine, and may delegate, with or without Conditions or Restrictions, to any Committee so formed, all or any Powers of such Sewer Authority, and may from Time to Time revoke, add to, or alter any Powers so given to a Committee.

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90. 571

A Committee may elect a Chairman of its Meetings. If no Chairman is elected, or if the Chairman elected is not present at the Time appointed for holding the same, the Members present shall choose One of their Number to be Chairman of such Meeting. A Committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. The Quorum of a Committee shall consist of such Number of Members as may be prescribed by the Sewer Authority that appointed it, or, if no Number be prescribed, of Three Members. Every Question at a Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members present, and voting on that Question; and in case of an equal Division of Votes the Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

The Proceedings of a Committee shall not be invalidated by any Vacancy or Vacancies amongst its Members.

A Sewer Authority may from Time to Time add to or diminish the Number of the Members or otherwise alter the Constitution of any Committee formed by it, or dissolve any Committee.

A Committee of the Sewer Authority shall be deemed to be the Agents of that Authority, and the Appointment of such Committee shall not relieve the Sewer Authority from any Obligation imposed on it by Act of Parliament or otherwise.

5. Where the Sewer Authority of a District is a Vestry, Formation Select Vestry, or other Body of Persons acting by virtue of !^special any Act of Parliament, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise as District or instead of a Vestry or Select Vestry, it may, by Resolution

at any Meeting convened for the Purpose after Twenty-one clear Days Notice affixed to the Places where Parochial Notices are usually affixed in its District, form any Part of such District into a Special Drainage District for the Purposes of the Sewage Utilization Act, and thereupon such Special Drainage District shall, for the Purposes of The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and the Powers therein conferred, be deemed to be a Parish in which a Rate is levied for the Maintenance of the Poor, and of which a Vestry is the Sewer Authority, subject, as respects any Meeting of the Inhabitants thereof in Vestry, to the Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

Chapter Sixty-nine, and the Acts amending the same; and any Officer or Officers who may from Time to Time be appointed by the Sewer Authority of such Special Drainage District for the Purpose shall have within that District all the Powers of levying a Rate for the Purpose of defraying the Expense of carrying the said Sewage Utilization Act into effect that they would have if such District were such Parish as aforesaid, and such Rate were a Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and they were duly appointed Overseers of such Parish.

6. Where the Sewer Authority of any Place has formed Appeal against a Special Drainage District in pursuance of this Act, if any g^/anSrai^ Number of the Inhabitants of such Place, not being less than age I>istrictm' Twenty, feel aggrieved by the Formation of such District,

or desire any Modification in its Boundaries, they may, by

Petition

Public Health

Evidence of Eormation of Special Drainage District.

Power to drain into Sewers of Sewer Authority.

Use of Sewers by Persons beyond District.

As to the Drainage of Houses.

Cap. 90.

29 & SO VICT.

Petition in Writing under their Hands, bring their Case under the Consideration of One Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the said Secretary of State may after due Investigation annul the Formation of the Special Drainage District or modify its Boundaries as he thinks just.

7. A Copy of the Resolution of a Sewer Authority forming a Special Drainage District shall be published by affixing a Notice thereof to the Church Door of the Parish in which the District is situate, or of the adjoining Parish if there be no Church in the said Parish, and by advertising Notice thereof in some Newspaper published or circulating in the County in which such District is situate; and the Production of a Newspaper containing such Advertisement, or a Certificate under the Hand of the Clerk or other Officer performing the Duties of Clerk for the Time being of the Sewer Authority which passed the Resolution forming the District, shall be Evidence of the Formation of such District, and after the Expiration of Three Months from the Date of the Resolution forming the District such District shall be presumed to have been duly formed, and no Objection to the Formation thereof shall be entertained in any legal Proceedings whatever.

8. Any Owner or Occupier of Premises within the District of a Sewer Authority shall be entitled to cause his Drains to empty into the Sewers of that Authority on condition of his giving such Notice as may be required by that Authority of his Intention so to do, and of complying with the Regulations of that Authority in respect of the Mode in which the Communications between such Drains and Sewers are to be made, and subject to the Control of any Person who may be appointed by the Sewer Authority to superintend the making of such Communications; but any Person causing any Drain to empty into any Sewer ef a Sewer Authority without complying with the Provisions of this Section shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and it shall be krwful for the Sewer Authority to close any Communication between a Drain and Sewer made in contravention of this Section, and to recover in a summary Manner from the Person so offending any Expenses incurred by them under this Section.

9. Any Owner or Occupier of Premises beyond the Limits of the District of a Sewer Authority may cause any Sewer or Drain from such Premises to communicate with any Sewer of the Sewer Authority upon such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon between such Owner or Occupier and such Sewer Authority, or in case of Dispute may, at the Option of the Owner or Occupier, be settled by Two Justices or by Arbitration in manner provided by The Public Health Act, 1848, in respect of Matters by that Act authorized or directed to be settled by Arbitration.

10. If a Dwelling House within the District of a Sewer Authority is without a Drain or without such Drain as is sufficient for effectual Drainage, the Sewer Authority may by Notice

require

1866. ' Public Health. Cap. SO. 673

require the Owner of such House within a reasonable Time therein specified to make a sufficient Drain emptying into any^ Cx&zSg, Sewer which the Sewer Authority is entitled to use, and with'# which the Owner is entitled to make a Communication, so.^ {/y/?s A that such Sewer be not more than One hundred Feet Jjr&m WelSite^"^ Owner; but if no such Means

of Drainage are within that Distance then emptying into such &overed Cesspool oT 'other Place not being under any House, as the Sewer Authority directs; and if the Person on whom such Notice is served fails to comply with the same, the Sewer Authority may itself, at the Expiration of the Time specified in the Notice, do the Work required, and the-Expenses incurred by it in so doing may be recovered from such Owner in a summary Manner.

11. A Sewer Authority within its District shall have the Supply of same Powers in relation to the Supply of Water that a Local ^taftS^er' Board has within its District, and the Provisions of the Authority. Sections herein-after mentioned shall apply accordingly in

the same Manner as if in such Provisions " Sewer Authority " were substituted for " Local Board of Health" or " Local Board," and the District in such Provisions mentioned were the District of the Sewer Authority and not the District of the Local Board; that is to say, the Sections numbered from Seventy-five to Eighty, both inclusive, of The Public Health Act, 1848, Sections Fifty-one, Fifty-two, and Fifty-three of The Local Government Act, 1858, and Section Twenty of The Local Government Act, 1858, Amendment Act, 1861.

The Sewer Authority may, if it think it expedient so to do, provide a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the District, by

(1.) Digging Wells;

(2.) Making and maintaining Reservoirs;

(3.) Doing any other necessary Acts; and they may themselves furnish the same, or contract with any other Persons or Companies to furnish the same: Provided always, that no Land be purchased or taken under this Clause except by Agreement or in manner provided by The Local Government Act, 1858.

12. Any Expenses incurred by a Sewer Authority in or Expenses of about the Supply of Water to its District, and in carrying into s.ew?r Autho-effect the Provisions herein-before in that Behalf mentioned, [ng Water.P y" shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by that Authority in carrying into effect The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and

be payable accordingly.

13. All Property in W7ells, Fountains, and Pumps, and Wells, &c. Powers in relation thereto, vested in the Nuisance Authority ^lo^gto by the Seventh Section of the Act passed in the Session of the vested in Sewer Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Authority, &c. present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-seven, shall vest in the 23 & 24 vict-Sewer Authority, where the Sewer Authority supplies Wrater c* 77's* 7 *

to its District.

Part Hosted

574

Cap. 90.

Public Health.

29 & 30 VICT.

Definition of " Nuisances Removal Acts."

Definition of " Nuisance Authority."

Power of Police with respect to Nuisances.

Sect. 3 of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 77. repealed.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Requisition of Ten Inhabitants equivalent to Certificate of Medical Officer.

PAET II.

Amendment of the Nuisances Removal Acts.

14. The Expression "Nuisances Removal Acts" shall mean the Acts passed in the Years following of the Reign of Her present Majesty, that is to say, the one in the Session of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years, Chapter One hundred and twenty-one, and the other in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years, Chapter Seventy-seven, as amended by this Part of this Act; and this Part of this Act shall be construed as One with the said Acts, and all Expenses incurred by a Nuisance Authority in carrying into effect any of the Provisions of this Part of this Act shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by it in carrying into effect the Nuisances Removal Acts.

15. " Nuisance Authority" shall mean any Authority empowered to execute the Nuisances Removal Acts.

16. In any Place within the Jurisdiction of a Nuisance Authority the Chief Officer of Police within that Place, by and under the Directions of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, on its being proved to his Satisfaction that the Nuisance Authority has made default in doing its Duty, may institute any Proceeding which the Nuisance Authority of such Place might institute with respect to the Removal of Nuisances: Provided always, that no Officer of Police shall be at liberty to enter any House or Part of a House used as the Dwelling of any Person without such Person's Consent, or without the Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of carrying into effect this Act.

17. The Third Section of the said Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-seven, shall be repealed, and all Powers vested in any Highway Board or

Nuisance Removal Committee" under the Nuisances Removal Acts shall determine, and all Property belonging to them for the Purposes of the said Nuisances Removal Acts shall, subject to any Debts or Liabilities affecting the same, be transferred to or vested in the Nuisance Authority under the said Acts: Provided always, that this Section shall not extend to any Vestry or District Board, under the Act of the Session of Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, intituled An Act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis, or to any Committee appointed by such Vestry or District Board for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Nuisances Removal Acts or any of them.

18. A Requisition in Writing under the Hands of any Ten Inhabitants of a Place shall for the Purposes of the Twenty-seventh Section of "The Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855," be deemed to be equivalent to the Certificate of the

Medical

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90.

Medical Gffieerrir Medical Practitioners therein mentioned, and the said Section shall be enforced accordingly.

19. The Word " Nuisances " under the Nuisance Removal Acts shall include,

1. Any House or Part of a House so overcrowded as to be dangerous or prejudicial to the Health of the Inmates:

2. Any Factory, Workshop or Workplace not already under the Operation of any General Act for the Regulation of Factories or Bakehouses, not kept in a cleanly State, or not ventilated in such a Manner as to render harmless as far as practicable any Gases, Vapours, Dust, of other Impurities generated in the course of the Work carried on therein, that are a Nuisance or injurious or dangerous to Health, or so overcrowded while Work is carried on as to be dangerous or prejudicial to the Health of those employed therein:

3. Any Fireplace or Furnace which does not as far as practicable consume the Smoke arising from the Combustible used in such Fireplace or Furnace, and is used within the District of a Nuisance Authority for working Engines by Steam, or in any Mill, Factory, Dyehouse, Brewery, Bakehouse, or Gaswork, or in any Manufactory or Trade Process whatsoever:

Any Chimney (not being the Chimney of a private Dwelling House) sending forth Black Smoke in such Quantity as to be a Nuisance: " " —

Provided, first, that in Places where at the Time of the passing of this Act no Enactment is in force compelling Fireplaces or Furnaces to consume their own Smoke, the foregoing Enactment as to Fireplaces and Furnaces consuming their own Smoke shall not come into operation until the Expiration of One Year from the Date of the passing of this Act:

Secondly, that where a Person is summoned before the Justices in respect of a Nuisance arising from a Fireplace or Furnace which does not consume the Smoke arising from the Combustible used in such Fireplace or Furnace, the Justices may hold that no Nuisance is created within the Meaning of this Act, and dismiss the Complaint, if they are satisfied that such Fireplace or Furnace is constructed in such Manner as to consume as far as practicable, havigg regard to the Nature of the Manufacture or Traxle^all Smoke arising therefrom, and" that such' "l^ir^br Furnace has been carefully attended to by the Person having the Charge thereof.

20. It shall be the Duty of the Nuisance Authority to make from Time to Time, either by itself or its Officers, Inspection of the District, with a view to ascertain what Nuisances exist calling for Abatement under the Powers of the Nuisance Removal Acts, and to enforce the Provisions of the said Acts in order to cause the Abatement thereof, also to enforce the

Provisions

575

Addition to Definition of Nuisance.

Duties of Nuisance Authorities as to Inspection of Nuisances, &c.

576

Public Health.

Cap. 90.

29 & 30 VICT.

As to Proceedings of Nuisance Authority under Sect. 12. of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 121.

Power to cause Premises to be cleansed or otherwise disinfected.

Provisions of any Act that may be in force within its District requiring Fireplaces and Furnaces to consume their own Smoke; and any Justice upon Complaint upon Oath may make an Order to admit the Nuisance Authority or their Officers for these Purposes, as well as to ground Proceedings under the Eleventh Section of The Nuisances Removal Act, 1855.

21. The Nuisance Authority or Chief Officer of Police shall, previous to taking Proceedings before a Justice under the Twelfth Section of The Nuisances Removal Act, 1855, serve a Notice on the Person by whose Act, Default, or Sufferance the Nuisance arises or continues, or, if such Person cannot be found or ascertained, on the Owner or Occupier of the Premises on which the Nuisance arises, to abate the same, and for that Purpose to execute such Works and to do all such Things as may be necessary within a Time to be specified in the Notice: Provided,

First, that where the Nuisance arises from the Want or defective Construction of any structural Convenience, or where there is no Occupier of the Premises, Notice under this Section shall be served on the Owner:

Secondly, that where the Person causing the Nuisance cannot be found, and it is clear that the Nuisance does not arise or continue by the Act, Default, or Sufferance of the Owner or Occupier of the Premises, then the Nuisance Authority may itself abate the same without further Order, and the Cost of so doing shall be Part of the Costs of executing the Nuisances Removal Acts, and borne accordingly.

22. If the Nuisance Authority shall be of opinion, upon the Certificate of any legally qualified Medical Practitioner that the cleansing and disinfecting of any House or Part thereof, and of any Articles therein likely to retain Infection, would tend to prevent or check infectious or contagious Disease, it shall be the Duty of the Nuisance Authority to give Notice in Writing requiring the Owner or Occupier of such House or Part thereof to cleanse and disinfect the same, as the Case may require; and if the Person to whom Notice is so given fail to comply therewith within the Time specified in the Notice he shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than One Shilling and not exceeding Ten Shillings ior every Day during which he continues to make default; and the Nuisance Authority shall cause such House or Part thereof to be cleansed and disinfected, and may recover the Expenses incurred from the Owner or Occupier in default in a summary Manner; when the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Part thereof as is referred to in this Section is from Poverty or otherwise unable, in the Opinion of the Nuisance Authority, effectually to carry out the Requirements of this Section, such Authority may, without enforcing such Requirements on such Owner or

Occupier,

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90.

Occupier, with his Consent, at its own Expense, cleanse and disinfect such House or Part thereof and any Articles therein likely to retain Infection.

23. The Nuisance Authority in each District may provide a proper Place, with all necessary Apparatus and Attendance, for the Disinfection of Woollen Articles, Clothing, or Bedding which have become infected, and they may cause any Articles brought for Disinfection to be disinfected free of Charge.

24. It shall be lawful at all Times for the Nuisance Authority to provide and maintain a Carriage or Carriages suitable for the Conveyance of Persons suffering under any contagious or infectious Disease, and to pay the Expense of conveying any Person therein to a Hospital or Place for the Reception of the Sick or to his own Home.

25. If any Person suffering from any dangerous infectious Disorder shall enter any public Conveyance without previously notifying to the Owner or Driver thereof that he is so suffering, he shall on Conviction thereof before any Justice be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also be ordered by such Jflf^So^ayTOuch Owner and Driver all the Losses and Expenses they may suffer in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act; and no Owner or Driver of any public Conveyance shall be required to convey any Person so suffering until they shall have been first paid a Sum sufficient to cover all such Losses and Expenses.

26. Where a Hospital or Place for the Reception of the Sick is provided within the District of a Nuisance Authority, any Justice may, with the Consent of the Superintending Body of such Hospital or Place, by Order on £ Certificate signed by a legally qualified Medical Practitioner, direct the Removal to such Hospital or Place for the Reception of the Sick, at the Cost of the Nuisance Authority, of any Person suffering from any dangerous contagious or infectious Disorder, being without proper Lodging or Accommodation, or lodged in a Room occupied by more than One Family, or being on board any Ship or Vessel.

27. Any Nuisance Authority may provide a proper Place for the Reception of dead Bodies, and where any such Place has been provided and any dead Body of one who has died of any infectious Disease is retained in a Room in which Persons live or sleep, or any dead Body which is in such a State as to endanger the Health of the Inmates of the same House or Room is retained in such House or Room, any Justice may, on a Certificate signed by a legally qualified Medical Practitioner, order the Body to be removed to such proper Place of Reception, at the Cost of the Nuisance Authority, and direct the same to be buried within a Time to be limited in such Order; and unless the Friends or Relations of the Deceased undertake to bury the Body within the Time so limited, and do bury the same, it shall be the Duty of the Relieving Officer to bury

577

Power to provide Means of Disinfection.

Nuisance Authorities may provide Carriages for conveying infected Persons.

Penalty on Person suffering from infectious Disorder entering public Conveyance without notifying to Driver that he is so suffering.

Removal of Persons sick of infectious Disorders, and without proper Lodging, in any District.

Places for the Reception of dead Bodies may be provided at the Public Expense.

Public Health.

Cap. 90.

29 & 30 VICT.

Places for Reception of dead Bodies during Time required for post-mortem Examination may be provided.

Power to remove to Hospital sick Persons brought by Ships.

such Body at the Expense of the Poor Rate, but any Expense so incurred may be recovered by the Relieving Officer in a summary Manner from any Person legally liable to pay the Expense of such Burial.

28. Any Nuisance Authority may provide a proper Place (otherwise than at a Workhouse or at a Mortuary House as lastly herein-before provided for) for the Reception of dead Bodies for and during the Time required to conduct any Postmortem Examination ordered by the Coroner of the District or other constituted Authority, and may make such Regulations as they may deem fit for the Maintenance, Support, and Management of such Place; and where any such Place has been provided, any Coroner or other constituted Authority may order the Removal of the Body for carrying out such Post-mortem Examination and the Re-removal of such Body, such Costs of Removal and Re-removal to be paid in the same Manner and out of the same Fund as the Cost and Fees for Post-mortem Examinations when ordered by the Coroner.

29. Any Nuisance Authority may, with the Sanction of the Privy Council, signified in manner provided by The Public Health Act, 1858," lay down Rules for the Removal to any Hospital to which such Authority is entitled to remove Patients, and for keeping in such Hospital so long as may be necessary any Persons brought within their District by any Ship or Boat who are infected with a dangerous and infectious Disorder, and they may by such Rules impose any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds on any Person committing any Offence against the same.

30. For the Purposes of this Act, any Ship, Vessel, or Boat that is in a Place not within the District of a Nuisance Authority shall be deemed to be within the District of such Nuisance Authority as may be prescribed by the Privy Council, and until a Nuisance Authority has been prescribed then of the Nuisance Authority whose District nearest adjoins the Place where such Ship, Vessel, or Boat is lying, the Distance being measured in a straight Line, but nothing in this Act contained shall enable any Nuisance Authority to interfere with any Ship, Vessel, or Boat that is not in British Waters. Power of Entry 31. The Power of Entry given to the Authorities by the Au^or^or Eleventh Section of The Nuisances Removal Act, 1855, may their Officer be exercised at any Hour when the Business in respect of which xmderSect.il of the Nuisance arises is in progress or is usually carried on,

Vict* And any Justices Order once issued under the said Section shall continue in force until the Nuisance has been abated, or the Work for which the Entry was necessary has been done. Provision as to, 32. Any Ship or Vessel lying in any River, Harbour, or Uie Jurisdi^ion °l^er Water shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Nuisance of Nuisance Authority of the District within which such River, Harbour, Authority. nr other Water is, and be within the Provisions of the Nuisances Removal Acte, in the same Manner as if it were a House within

Provision as to District of Nuisance Authority extending to Places where Ships are lying.

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90. 579

such Jurisdiction, and the Master or other Officer in charge of such Ship shall be deemed for the Purposes of the Nuisances Removal Acts to be the Occupier of such Ship or Vessel; but this Section shall not apply to any Ship or Vessel belonging to Her Majesty or to any Foreign Government.

33. Where the Guardians are the Nuisance Authority for Provision for Part of any Parish only, and shall require to expend Money [^dhfded0116^ on account of such Part in execution of the Provisions of the Parishes, said Acts, the Overseers of the Parish shall, upon Receipt of

an Order from the said Guardians, raise the requisite Amount from the Persons liable to be assessed to the Poor Rate therein by a Rate to be made in like Manner as a Poor Rate, and shall have all the same Powers of making and recovering the same, and of paying the Expense of collecting the Rate when made, and shall account to the Auditor of the District for Receipt and Disbursement of the same, in like Manner, and with the same Consequences, as in the Case of the Poor Rate made by them.

34. That it shall be lawful for the Nuisance Authority, at Nuisance their Discretion, to require the Payment of any Costs or Ex- Aut^ority may

y l j rpniiiTfi Koy.

penses which the Owner of any Premises may be liable to payment of Costs under the said Nuisances Removal Acts or this Act, either or Expenses from the Owner or from any Person who then or at any Time fro*? 0w?ey thereafter occupies such Premises, and such Owner or Occu- and Occupier pier shall be liable to pay the same, and the same shall be paying to recovered in manner authorized by the Nuisance Removal Acts, ^ee^Jctfrom and the Owner shall allow such Occupier to deduct the Sums of Money which he so pays out of the Rent from Time to Time becoming due in respect of the said Premises, as if the same had been actually paid to such Owner as Part of such Rent:

Provided always, that no such Occupier shall be required to pay any further Sum than the Amount of Rent for the Time being due from him, or which, after such Demand of such Costs or Expenses from such Occupier, and after Notice not to pay his Landlord any Rent without first deducting the Amount of such Costs or Expenses, becomes payable by such Occupier, unless he refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose by or on behalf of the Nuisance Authority, truly to disclose the Amount of his Rent and the Name and Address of the Person to whom such Rent is payable, but the Burden of Proof that the Sum demanded from any such Occupier is greater than the Rent due by him at the Time of such Notice, or which has since accrued, shall lie upon such Occupier; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect any Contract made or to be made between any Owner or Occupier of any House, Building, or other Property whereof it is or may be agreed that the Occupier shall pay or discharge -jUJJates, Dues, and Sums of Money payable in respect of such House^Building, or other Property, or to affect any Contract whatsoever between Landlord or Tenant.

Part Hosted

3 C 2

In Cities, Boroughs, or Towns, Secretary of State, on Application of Nuisance Authority, may empower them to make Regulations as to Lodging Houses.

Cases in which Two Convictions have occurred within Three Months.

Cap. 90. Public Health. 29 & 30 VICT *

PART III.

Miscellaneous.

35. On Application to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by the Nuisance Authority of the City of London, or any District or Parish included within the Act for the better Local Government of the Metropolis, or of any Municipal Borough, or of any Place under The Local Government Act, 1858, or any Local Improvement Act, or of any City or Town containing, according to the Census for the Time being in force, a Population of not less than Five thousand Inhabitants, the Secretary of State may, as he may think fit, by Notice to be published in the London Gazette, declare the following Enactment to be in force in the District of such Nuisance Authority, and from and after the Publication of such Notice the Nuisance Authority shall be empowered to make Regulations for the following Matters; that is to say,

1. For fixing the Number of Persons who may occupy a

House or Part of a House which is let in Lodgings or occupied by Members of more than One Family:

2. For the Registration of Houses thus let or occupied in

Lodgings:

3. For the Inspection of such Houses, and the keeping the same in a cleanly and wholesome State:

4. For enforcing therein the Provision of Privy Accommo-

dation and other Appliances and Means of Cleanliness in proportion to the Number of Lodgings and Occupiers, and the cleansing and Ventilation of the common Passages and Staircases:

5. For the cleansing and lime-whiting at stated Times of such Premises:

The Nuisance Authority may provide for the Enforcement of the above Regulations by Penalties not exceeding Forty Shillings for any One Offence, with an additional Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day during which a Default in obeying such Regulations may continue; but such Regulations shall not be of any Validity unless and until they shall have been confirmed by the Secretary of State.

But this Section shall not apply to Common Lodging Houses within the Provisions of The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851, or any Act amending the same.

36. Where Two Convictions against the Provisions of any Act relating to the overcrowding of a House, or the Occupation of a Cellar as a separate Dwelling Place, shall have taken place within the Period of Three Months, whether the Persons so convicted were or were not the same, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to direct the closing of such Premises for such Time as they may deem necessary, and, in the Case of Cellars occupied as aforesaid, to empower the Nuisance Authority to permanently close the same, in such Manner as they may deem fit, at their own Cost.

37. The

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90.

37. The Sewer Authority, or in the Metropolis the Nuisance Authority, may provide for the Use of the Inhabitants within its District Hospitals or temporary Places for the Reception of the Sick.

Such Authority may itself build such Hospitals or Places of Reception, or make Contracts for the Use of any existing Hospital or Part of a Hospital, or for the temporary Use of any Place for the Reception of the Sick.

It may enter into any Agreement with any Person or Body of Persons having the Management of any Hospital for the Reception of the sick Inhabitants of its District, on Payment by the Sewer Authority of such annual or other Sum as may be agreed upon.

The carrying into effect this Section shall in the Case of a Sewer Authority be deemed to be One of the Purposes of the said Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and all the Provisions of the said Act shall apply accordingly.

Two or more Authorities having respectively the Power to provide separate Hospitals may combine in providing a common Hospital, and all Expenses incurred by such Authorities in providing such Hospital shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by them respectively in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

38. Any Person suffering from any dangerous infectious Disorder who wilfully exposes himself, without proper Precaution against spreading the said Disorder, 'in any Street, public Place, or public Conveyance, and any Person in charge of one so suffering who so exposes the Sufferer, and any Owner or Driver of a public Conveyance who does not immediately provide for the Disinfection of his Conveyance after it has, with the Knowledge of such Owner or Driver, conveyed any such Sufferer, and any Person who without previous Disinfection gives, lends, sells, transmits, or exposes any Bedding, Clothing, Rags, or other Things which have been exposed to Infection from such Disorders, shall, on Conviction of such Offence before any Justice, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided that no Proceedings under this Section shall be taken against Persons transmitting with proper Precautions any such Bedding, Clothing, Rags, or other Things for the Purpose of having the same disinfected.

39. If any Person knowingly lets any House, Room^ or Part of a House in which any Person suffering from any dangerous infectious Efe<51f3ef'1ias been to any other Person without having such House, Room, or Part of a House, and all Articles therein liable to retain Infection, disinfected to the Satisfaction of a qualified Medical Practitioner as testified by a Certificate given by him, such Person shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds. For the Purposes of this Section the Keeper of an Inn shall be deemed to let Part of a House to any Person admitted as a Guest into such Inn.

3 C 3 40. Where

581

Power to provide Hospitals.

Penalty on any Person, with infectious Disorder, exposing himself, or on any Person in charge of such Sufferer causing such Exposure.

Penalty on Persons letting Houses in which infected Persons have been lodging.

58*2

Guardians, &c. to be the Local Authorities for executing Diseases Prevention Act.

Evidence of Family in case of overcrowded Houses.

Extension to the whole of England and Ireland of Sect. 67. of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 63.

Local Board in certain Cases may adopt Baths and Wash-houses Acts.

Power to Burial Boards in certain Cases to transfer their Powers to Local Board.

Penalty for wilful Damage of Works.

Incorporation of Sanitary Authorities *

Cap. 90. Public Health* 29 & 30 VICT.

40* Where in any Place Two or more Boards of Guardians or Local Authorities have Jurisdiction, the Privy Council may, by any Order made under The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, authorize or require such Boards to act together for the Purposes of that Act, and may prescribe the Mode of such joint Action and of defraying the Costs thereof.

41. In any Proceedings under The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851, if the Inmates of any House or Part of a House allege that they are Members of the same Family, the Burden of proving such Allegation shall lie on the Persons making it.

42. The Sixty-seventh Section of The Public Health Act, 1848, relating to Cellar Dwellings, shall apply to every Place in England and Ireland where such Dwellings are not regulated by any other Act of Parliament, and in applying that Section to Places where it is not in force at the Time of the passing of this Act the Expression " this Act " shall be construed to mean the " Sanitary Act, 1866/' and not the said Public Health Act, 1848. In construing the said Sixty-seventh Section as applied by this Act Nuisance Authority shall be substituted for the Local Board.

43. Local Boards acting in execution of The Local Government Act, 1858, may adopt the Act to encourage the Establishment of public Baths and Wash-houses, and any Act amending the same, for Districts in which those Acts are not already in force, and when they have adopted the said Acts they shall have all the Powers, Duties, and Bights of Commissioners under the said Acts; and all Expenses incurred by any Local Board in carrying into execution the Acts referred to in this Section shall be defrayed out of the General District Rates, and all Beoeipts by them under the said Acts shall be carried to the District Fund Account.

44. When the District of a Burial Board is conterminous with the District of a Local Board of Health, the Burial Board may, by Resolution of the Vestry, and by Agreement of the Burial Board and Local Board, transfer to the Local Board all their Estate, Property, Bights, Powers, Duties, and Liabilities, and from and after such Transfer the Local Board shall have all such Estate, Property, Bights, Powers, Duties, and Liabilities as if the Local Board had been appointed a Burial Board by Order in Council under the Fourth Section of the Act of the Session of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one *

45. If any Person wilfully damages any Works or Property belonging to any Local Board, Sewer Authority, or Nuisance Authority, he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

46. The following Bodies, that is to. say. Local Boards, Sewer Authorities, and Nuisance Authorities, if not already

incorporated,

18fi6. Public Health. Cap. 90. 583

incorporated, shall respectively be Bodies Corporate designated by such Names as they may usually bear or adopt, with Power to sue and be sued in such Names, and to hold Lands for the Purposes of the several Acts conferring Powers on such Bodies respectively in their several Characters of Local Boards, Sewer Authorities, or Nuisance Authorities.

47. The Authority conferred on One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State by Section Seventy-five of The Local Government Act, 1858, to empower by Provisional Order a Local Board to put in force, with reference to the Land referred to in such Order, the Powers of The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, shall extend and apply and shall be deemed to have always extended and applied to every Case in which, by The Public Health Act, 1848, and The Local Government Act, 1858, or either of them, or any Act extending or amending those Acts, or either of them, a Local Board are authorized to purchase, provide, use, or take Lands or Premises for any of the Purposes of the said Acts, or either of them, or of any such Act as aforesaid; and Sections Seventy-three and Eighty-four of The Public Health Act, 1848, shall be construed as if the Words "by Agreement " therein respectively used had been expressly repealed by Section Seventy-five of The Local Government Act, 1858.

Extent of Authority to make Provisional Orders respecting Lands under Sect. 75. of 21 & 22 Vict. s. 98.

48. Any Local Board, Sewer Authority, or Nuisance Appearance of Authority may appear before any Justice or Justices, or in any Local Autho-legal Proceeding, by its Clerk or by any Officer or Member proceedings, authorized generally or in respect of any special Proceeding by Resolution of such Board or Authority, and such Person being so authorized shall be at liberty to institute and carry on any Proceeding which the Nuisance Authority is authorized to institute and carry on under the Nuisance Removal Acts or this Act.

49. Where Complaint is made to One of Her Majesty's Mode of Pro-Principal Secretaries of State that a Sewer Authority or Local Board of Health has made default in providing its District iaty has ma(ie" with sufficient Sewers, or in the Maintenance of existing default in pro-Sewers, or in providing its District with a Supply of Water ^ssi^cient in Cases where Danger arises to the Health of the Inhabi- 'c tants from the Insufficiency or Unwholesomeness of the existing Supply of Water, and a proper Supply can be got at a reasonable Cost, or that a Nuisance Authority has made default in enforcing the Provisions of the Nuisance Removal Acts, or that a Local Board has made default in enforcing the Provisions of the Local Government Act, the said Secretary of State, if satisfied after due Inquiry made by him that the Authority has been guilty of the alleged Default, shall make an Order limiting a Time for the Performance of its Duty in

584

Recovery of certain Expenses of Water Supply.

Power to reduce Penalties imposed by 6 G. 4. c. 78.

Description of Vessels within Provisions of 0 G. 4. c. 78.

Cap. 90. Public Health. 29 & 30 VICT.

the Matter of such Complaint; and if such Duty is not performed by the Time limited in the Order, the said Secretary of State shall appoint some Person to perform the same, and shall by Order direct that the Expenses of performing the same, together with a reasonable Remuneration to the Person appointed for superintending such Performance, and amounting to a Sum specified in the Order, together with the Costs of the Proceedings, shall be paid by the Authority in default; and any Order made for the Payment of such Costs and Expenses may be removed into the Court of Queen s Bench, and be enforced in the same Manner as if the same were an Order of such Court.

50. All Expenses incurred by a Sewers Authority or Local Board in giving a Supply of Water to Premises under the Provisions of the Seventy-sixth Section of The Public Health Act, 1848, or the Fifty-first Section of The Local Government Act, 1858, and recoverable from the Owners of the Premises supplied, may be recovered in a summary Manner.

51. All Penalties imposed by the Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-eight, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, may be reduced by the Justices or Court having Jurisdiction in respect of such Penalties to such Sum as the Justices or Court think just.

52. Every Vessel having on board any Person affected with a dangerous or infectious Disorder shall be deemed to be within the Provisions of the Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-eight, although such Vessel has not commenced her Voyage, or has come from or is bound for some Place in the United Kingdom; and the Lords and others of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or any Three or more of them (the Lord President of the Council or One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State being One), may, by Order or Orders to be by them from Time to Time made, make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as to them shall seem fit, and every such Order shall be certified under the Hand of the Clerk in Ordinary of Her Majesty's Privy Council, and shall be published in the London Gazette, and such Publication shall be conclusive Evidence of such Order to all Intents and Purposes; and such Orders shall be binding and be carried into effect as soon as the same shall have been so published, or at such other Time as shall be fixed by such Orders, with a view to the Treatment of Persons affected with Cholera and epidemic, endemic, and contagious Disease, and preventing the Spread of Cholera and such other Diseases as well on the Seas, Rivers, and Waters of the United Kingdom, and on the High Seas within Three Miles of the Coasts thereof, as on Land; and to declare and determine by what Nuisance Authority or Authorities such Orders, Rules, and Regulations

shall

Public Health.

585

Cap. 90.

shall be enforced and executed; and any Expenses incurred by such Nuisance Authority or Authorities shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by it or them in carrying into effect the Nuisances Removal Acts.

53. Where Notice has been given by the Nuisance Authority* or their Officer or Officers* for the periodical Removal of Manure or other refuse Matter from Mews* Stables* or other Premises (whether such Notice shall be by public Announcement in the Locality or otherwise)* and subsequent to such Notice the Person or Persons to whom the Manure or other refuse Matter belongs shall not so remove the same* or shall permit a further Accumulation* and shall not continue such periodical Removal at such Intervals as the Nuisance Authority* or their Officer or Officers* shall direct, he or they shall be liable* without further Notice* to a Penalty of Twenty Shillings per Day for every Day during which such Manure or other refuse Matter shall be permitted to accumulate* such Penalty to be recovered in a summary Manner: Provided always* that this Section shall not apply to any Place where the Board of Guardians or Overseers of the Poor are the Nuisance Authority.

54. Penalties under this Act* and Expenses directed to be recovered in a summary Manner* may be recovered before Two Justices in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria* Chapter Forty-three* intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions toithin England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders* or any Act amending the same.

55. All Powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other Powers conferred on any Local Authority by Act of Parliament, Law* or Custom* and such Authority may exercise such other Powers in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

PART IY.

Application of Act to Ireland.

56. In applying the First Part of this Act to Ireland the following Changes shall be observed:

(1.) The Provisions of the Sections numbered from Seventy-five to Eighty* both included* of The Public Health Act* 1848* and Sections Fifty-one* Fifty-two* and Fifty-three of The Local Government Act* 1858* and Section Twqpty of The Local Government Act, 1858* Amendment Act* 1861* referred to in the First Part of this Act* shall for all Purposes connected with the Execution of this Act be extended to Ireland:

(2.) The

Periodical Removal of Manure in Mews, &c.

Recovery of Penalties.

Powers of Act cumulative.

Modifications necessary for Application of Part I. to Ireland.

Modifications necessary for Application of Part II. to Ireland.

How Expenses to be defrayed in Ireland when Nuisance Authority not a Board of Guardians.

When Board of Guardians is Nuisance Authority, how Expenses

Cap. 90. Public Health. 29 & 30 VICT.

(2.) The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, shall be amended by substituting in Ireland the Sewer Authority, as defined by the First Schedule to this Act, for the Sewers Authority as defined by said Act.

57. The Nuisance Removal Acts as amended by the Second Part of this Act shall apply to Ireland; provided, however, that in such Application the following Changes shall be observed:

(1.) Sewer Authority as defined by the Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and amended by this Act, shall in Ireland be the Nuisance Authority for executing the Nuisance Removal Acts:

(2.) The Expenses of executing the Nuisance Removal Acts shall be defrayed out of the Funds herein-after provided:

(3.) The Penalties shall be recovered in the Manner hereinafter provided:

(4.) The Expressions " Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses," " Council," " Borough Rate," " Borough Fund," and " Town Rate," shall in the First Schedule hereto have respectively the same Meaning as in the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland:

(5.) For the Purposes of the Twenty-second Section of The Nuisance Removal Act, 1855, the Nuisance Authority shall in Ireland have the Power of entering Land conferred by The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865, and shall have the same Power of levying Assessments under the said Section that they have of levying any other Rates they are authorized by Law to impose.

58. In Ireland, the Nuisance Authority, not being the Guardians of the Poor, shall pay all Expenses incurred by them in carrying the Nuisance Removal Acts into effect out of the Fund in the First Schedule in that Behalf mentioned, and where such Fund arises wholly or in part from Rates shall have, in addition to their existing Powers of Rating, all such Powers for making and levying any extra Rate, if necessary, respectively, as in the Case of any Rate authorized to be made under the Provisions of the respective Acts of Parliament under which the Nuisance Authorities are constituted or authorized to levy Rates; and all Provisions of such Acts respectively shall be applicable in respect thereof; provided that when the Rates to be assessed by such Authority are limited by Law to a certain rateable Amount, such Limitation shall not apply or extend to Expenses incurred in carrying this Act into execution; and it shall be lawful for such Authority to assess the Expenses under this Act in addition to such limited Assessment.

59. In Ireland, a Nuisance Authority, being Guardians of the Poor, shall pay all Expenses incurred by them in carrying this Act into effect out of the Poor Rates of the Union, and charge the same to the Union, or any Electoral Division or

Electoral

Public Health.

Cap. 90.

Electoral Divisions thereof, in such Manner as the Poor Law Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by general Orders applicable to Classes of Cases, or by Order in any particular Case, direct.

60. In Ireland, Penalties under this Act and Expenses or Compensation directed to be recovered in a summary Manner* and Nuisances and other Offences liable to be prosecuted summarily* shall be recovered and prosecuted in manner directed by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851* or any Act amending the same; and all Penalties recovered by any Authority under this Act shall be paid to them respectively, and by them applied in aid of their Expenses under this Act.

Any Order authorized to be made by Justices under this Act shall be deemed to be an Order made upon a Complaint on which Justices are authorized to make Orders under the last-mentioned Act.

61. In applying the Provisions of Part III. of this Act to Ireland the following Changes shall be observed:

(1.) Applications for Power to make Regulations as to Lodging Houses may be made by any Nuisance Authority* except a Board of Guardians* and shall be made to the Lord Lieutenant in Council* and the said Lord Lieutenant in Council shall have the Power of declaring the Enactments as to Lodging Houses in the Third Part of this Act to be in force in any Nuisance District:

(2.) The said Lord Lieutenant in Council shall have and exercise the Power* in respect of Boards of Guardians acting together* vested in the Privy Council by the said Third Part of this Acts

(3.) In Ireland, any Nuisance Authority* except a Board of Guardians, may exercise the Powers conferred on Local Boards acting in the Execution of The Local Government Act* 1858* by the said Third Part of this Act:

(4) Sewer and Nuisance Authorities in Ireland shall be incorporated for the Purposes of this Act by the Names set forth in the said First Schedule hereto; and such Sewer or Nuisance Authorities may hold Lands by such Names for the Purposes of Burial Ground (Ireland) Act, 1856:

(5.) The Penalties under the Third Part of this Act shall be recovered in like Manner as herein-before provided with respect to Penalties under the Second Part of this Act.

62. The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855* as amended by the Nuisance Removal and Disease Prevention Amendment Act* 1860, and this Act* shall extend to Ireland: Provided,

however *

587

to be defrayed in Ireland.

Recovery ofj Penalties in Ireland.

Modifications necessary for Application of Part III. to Ireland.

Modifications necessary for Application of Disease Pre-

Public Health.

vention Act to Ireland.

Committee and Officers under Dispensaries Act to aid Local Authority in execution of this Act.

The Provisions of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. as to Duties and Appointment of Medical Inspectors in Ireland incorporated with this Act

Remuneration to Medical Practitioners for Services under the Directions and Regulations of the Poor Law Commissioners in Ireland.

Cap. 90.

29 &30 VICT.

however, that in such Application the following Changes shall be observed:

(1.) The Lord Lieutenant in Council shall have the Power with respect to Ireland which the Privy Council has under such Provisions for Prevention of Disease in England:

(2.) The Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland\ herein-after called the Poor Law Commissioners, shall be the Authority in Ireland for issuing Regulations to carry the Provisions of said Act into effect:

(3.) The Regulations of the Poor Law Commissioners shall be authenticated in like Manner as Orders of theirs under the Dispensary Act, 1851, Stat. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. Sect. 8 .:

(4.) In defraying the Expenses of the Prevention of Disease out of the Poor Rate of the Union under this Act the Guardians of the Poor shall charge the same to the Union, or any Dispensary District or Electoral Division or Divisions thereof, in such Manner as the Poor Law Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by general Orders applicable to Classes of Cases, or by Orders in particular Cases, direct.

63. In Ireland, all Committees, Inspectors, Medical Officers, and other Persons appointed or employed under the Powers of Statute Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-eight, (the Dispensaries Act, 1851,) shall and they are hereby required within their respective Districts to aid the Local Authority, and such Officers or Persons as they shall appoint or employ, in the Superintendence and Execution of any Directions and Regulations which may at any Time be issued by the Poor Law Commissioners for the Time being under the Authority and by virtue of this Act.

64. In Ireland, the Provisions of The Dispensary Act, 1851 (Statute 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68.), with respect to the Duties and Appointment of Medical Inspectors, shall be incorporated with this Act, and the Prevention of Disease and Inquiry into Public Health under this Act shall be deemed One of the Purposes for which such Medical Inspectors have been or may be appointed, in like Manner as if its Provisions had been referred to in the said Act of 1851, instead of the Provisions of the said Nuisance Removal and Diseases Prevention Act of 1848.

65. In Ireland, whenever in compliance with any Direction or Regulation of the Poor Law Commissioners which they may be empowered to make under the Laws for the Time being as to the Public Health, any Medical Officer of a Union or Dispensary District, or any other Medical Practitioner specially employed by the Guardians for the Purpose, shall perform any extra Medical Service in any Union or Part of a Union, it

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90.

shall and may be lawful for the Guardians of the Union to determine, subject to the Approval of the said Commissioners, and if they shall not approve the Amount determined by the Guardians, for the said Commissioners to fix by Order under their Seal, such Remuneration, proportioned to the Nature and Extent of such Services as aforesaid, as to them shall appear just and reasonable; and the Amount of such Remuneration shall be paid to such Medical Officer or other Medical Practitioner by the Guardians of the Union out of the Rates raised for the Relief of the Poor, and shall be charged either to the Union at large, or to such Part or Parts of the Union according to the Nature of the Case, as the said Commissioners shall in each Case direct.

66. The Lord Lieutenant in Council may from Time to Time direct the Poor Law Commissioners to cause to be made such Inquiries as the Lord Lieutenant in Council see fit in relation to any Matters concerning the Public Health in any Place or Places in Ireland, and the Poor Law Commissioners shall report the Result of such Inquiries to the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

67. Publication shall be made in the Dublin Gazette in "any Case in Ireland where Publication in the London Gazette is required in England.

68. All Powers relating to the Execution of this Act in England, and by this Act vested in One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall with regard to the Execution of this Act in Ireland, in all Cases not herein-before expressly provided for, be vested in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and all Powers relating to the Execution of this Act in England, and by this Act vested in the Privy Council in England, shall, with regard to the Execution of this Act in Ireland, in all Cases not hereinbefore expressly provided for, be vested in the Lord Lieutenant in Council in Ireland.

69. From and after the passing of this Act the Acts set forth in the Second Schedule hereto shall be repealed, so far a3 they are still in force: Provided always, that all Proceedings commenced or taken under the said Acts and not yet completed may be proceeded with under said Acts, and that all Contracts and Works undertaken by virtue of said Acts shall continue and be effective as if said Acts had not been repealed.

589

Poor Law Commissioners to make Inquiries as to Public Health in Ireland.

Publication in Ireland to be made in Dublin Gazette.

Powers in Secretary of State in England to be exercised in Ireland by the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

Repeal of Statutes applicable to Ireland.

3D

590

Cap. 90,

Public Health,

29 & 30 VICT.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE. Application to Ibeland.

Description of Sewers and Nuisance Authority in Ireland.

The Right Honorable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, acting by the Town Council.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, acting by the Town Council.

The Town Commissioners.

The Township Commissioners.

The Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act made in the 9 th Year of the Reign of George the Fourth, intituled " An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns Corporate and Market Towns in Ireland in certain Cases."

The Municipal Commissioners.

The Guardians of the Poor of each Union.

Description of Sewers and Nuisance District in Ireland.

Corporate Name for the Purpose of suing or being sued, or holding Property, under the Provisions of this Act.

Rate or Pund out of which Expenses incurred by Sewers or Nuisance Authority under this Act to be defrayed.

The City of Dublin.

The Right Honorable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Dublin.

The Borough Rate or Borough Pund.

Towns Corporate, with Exception of Dublin.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City or Town of -

The Borough Rate or Borough Pund.

Towns having Town Commissioners, under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854 (17 & 18 Vict. c. 113), or under any Local Act.

T ownships having Commissioners under Local Acts.

Towns under such Commissioners.

The Town Commissioners of —

The Township Commissioners of -

The Lighting and Cleansing Commissioners of the Town of -

Any Rate levied by the Commissioners.

Towns having Municipal Commissioners, under 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

Such Part of each Union as is not under another Sewer or Nuisance Authority.

The Municipal Commissioners of -

The Guardians of the Poor of the — Union.

The Town Pund.

The Poor Rate of Union.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Statutes repealed '

Local Boards of Health Act for Ireland, 1818; Statute 58 Geo. 3. c. 47. ss. 10 to 15, inclusive.

Officers

f Hosted

1866. Public Health. Cap. 90, 91.

Officers of Health Act for Ireland, 181 9; Statute 59 Geo. 3. c. 41.

Nuisance Removal artd Disease Prevention Act, 1848. Nuisance Removal and Disease Prevention Act, 1849.

591

CAP. XCI.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand

1 -JL 1____ J ________J ________

t/lgJULL JLiLLLLUXCU. fclJLLU. -SC V ULL, tAJJLU. bU OjpjJLVjJLLCllV

the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[10th August 1866.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, the Sum of Nineteen million six hundred and sixty-one thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Threepence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being are hereby empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nineteen million six hundred and sixty-one thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Threepence, and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament

There may be applied for the Service of the Year ending 31st March 1867 the Sum of 19, 661, 630/. 15«. 3d. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 19, 661}630Z.

155. 3d. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 19, 661, 630/. 15s. 3d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to he delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Moneys raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

5. The Governor and Company of the Bank of England may receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and may advance to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nineteen million six hundred and sixty-one thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Threepence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

7. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as then shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills may have been issued; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant for any Sum

IS 66.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

593

Schedule (A.) (Part 1st.)

or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

9. There may be issued and applied, for or towards mating Treasury may good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of Ser^ce^Vthe the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Year 1866-7, eight hundred and sixty-seven, the Sum of Seven hundred and g^sur sixty-seven thousand six hundred Pounds Two Shillings and pluS of Ways Fourpence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for and Means, the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may issue and apply the same accordingly.

10. AH the Moneys coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by the Acts set forth in Part I. of the Schedule (A.) to this Act, amounting 40, 567, 002/. in the aggregate to the Sum of Forty million five hundred and l7s 7d* sixty-seven thousand and two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sevenpence, are hereby appropriated and may be issued and

applied for or towards the several Purposes expressed in Part II. of the said Schedule, and herein-after more particularly set forth.

11. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there There may be — may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not goo^Advances exceeding Seven hundred and sixty-four thousand eight hundred from Treasury and twenty-nine Pounds to make good Advances from the Chest, &c. on Treasury Chest in New Zealand and from Army Grants on fn^ZealanT account of Expenses caused by the War in that Colony in the 764, 829/.

Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

12. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there deficiencies on

may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and seventy-four thousand seven vices to 31st hundred and fifty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven- 1865,

pence to make good Deficiencies on certain Grants for Civil 17^7^* Services for prior Years ended on the Thirty-first Day of March Schedule (B.) One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act.

13. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there

may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not schedule (C.) exceeding Ten million four hundred thirty-four thousand seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds for or towards the Navy Services more particularly mentioned in the Schedule (C.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the several Services specified in the said Schedule which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

14. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there Army Services, may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not gchediUe(f)) exceeding Fourteen million three hundred and forty thousand

Pounds for or towards the Army Services more particularly

594

Cim Services. Class 1.

945, 906?. Schedule (E.)

Civil Services. Class 2.

1, 585*056?. Schedule (F.)

Civil Services. Class 3.

2, 970, 833?. Schedule (G-.)

Civil Services. Class 4.

1, 387, 515?. Schedule (H.)

Civil Services. Class 5.

523, 882?. Schedule (I.)

Civil Services. Class 6.

344, 766?. Schedule (J.)

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

mentioned in the Schedule (D.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the several Services specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

15. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (E.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class I.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

16. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (F.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class II.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

17. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (Gr.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class III.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

18. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (H.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class IV.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

19. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (I.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class V.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

20. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (J.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class VI.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the

Thirty-

595

1866 Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). «, Cap. 91.

Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

21. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there GlvIQ^fyCES

may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not X__________

exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule 240, 4981 (K.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Schedule (K-) Services (Class VII.) specified in the said Schedule, which will

come in course of Payment in the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven. 3o, oooo/. for

22. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there ^MriagePog-maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not princessHeiena exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion Augusta Vic-of Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria. tona-

23. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there §gV^t^ents may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not 5 01^698? S' exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule Schedule (L.) (L.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the Services of the several 'Revenue Departments specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

24. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there packet^eryice may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not 82i i64Z.CrVIC exceeding Eight hundred twenty-one thousand one hundred

and sixty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Post Office Packet Service which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, no Part of which Sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any Payment in respect of any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three to Mr. Joseph George Churchivard, or to any Person claiming through or under him by virtue of a certain Contract, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the First Part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the Second Part, or in or towards the Satisfaction of any Claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that Contract, so far as relates to any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

25. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there Advances for

may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not lirts of

exceeding Six hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, to defray 660, ooooZ. the Charge for Advances for the Purchase of a Site and for

other Expenses for the new Courts of Justice, and Offices belonging thereto, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

26. Out

Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School, 125, 367/.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Sanction for Navy and Army Expenditure for 1864-5 unprovided for. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 73. s. 27.

Navy Defi ciency. 266, 404/. 15s. Id,

Navy Surplus, 305, 038/. 10s. 11c/.

Army Deficiency, 214, 168/. 13s. 6c/.

Army Surplus, 418, 628/.

4s. 4c/.

Expenditure for Navy and Army Services respectively to be confined to the separate Services for which granted.

10, 434, 735/.

14, 340,000l.

Treasury may in certain Cases

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

26. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-five thousand three hundred and sixty-seven Pounds to defray the Charge for Advances for Greemoich Hospital and School, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

27. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned or specified in the several Schedules referred to in this Act.

28. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the c Powers vested in them by the Act Twenty-seventh and (Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-three, Section ' Twenty-seven, have authorized Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and Military Services f by the said Act to be temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses / which have arisen by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes f within the same Department for the Year ended on the f Thirty-first Day of March One thousand 'eight hundred and sixty-five, as follows:

1st, Two hundred sixty-six thousand four hundred and f four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny for ' Navy Services unprovided for in the Grants for c Navy Services for the said Year, temporarily defrayed f out of Surpluses, amounting to Three hundred five thousand and thirty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and c Eleven pence, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Navy Services for the same Year:

2nd, Two hundred fourteen thousand one hundred and f sixty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence for Army Services unprovided for in the Grants for Army Services for the said Year, temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses, amounting to Four hundred eighteen thousand six hundred and twenty-eight e Pounds Four Shillings and Fourpence, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Army Services for the same Year: '

It is enacted that the Application of so much of the said Surpluses to cover the said Deficiencies is hereby sanctioned.

29. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act for Navy and Army Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sum of Ten million four hundred thirty-four thousand seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and in the Sum of Fourteen million three hundred and forty thousand Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services: Provided always, that if a Necessity shall arise for incurring

Expenditure

597

Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and Military Services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the Public Service to postpone until Provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual Course, the respective Departments shall forthwith make Application in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their Authority to defray temporarily such Expenditure out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Department, and in such Applications the Departments shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the Circumstances which may render such additional Expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorize the Expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon Votes within the same Department; and a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the said Commissioners to any Expenditure not provided for in the respective Votes aforesaid, accompanied by Copies of the Representations made to them by the said Departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons not later than One Month after the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure for Navy and for Army Services for the Year shall respectively have been rendered to the Commissioners of Audit, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled, in order that such Proceedings may be submitted for the Sanction of Parliament, and that Provision may be made for the Deficiencies upon the several Votes for the said Services in such Manner as Parliament shall determine: Provided also, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorize any Expenditure which may cause an Excess upon the aforesaid aggregate Sums granted by this Act for Naval Services and for Army Services respectively.

30. And as to the Sum granted by this Act for the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army,

require

of Exigency authorize Expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate Grants for the Navy Services and for the Army Services respectively be not exceeded.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum granted for Half Pay.

598

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission* and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment* except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty* or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas* except on the Staff or in Garrison, [and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government* no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary of State for War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty* or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas* or under any other Government; that no Person who shall* on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty* or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas* or under any other Government* shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty* or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas* or under any other Government* except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Pate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid* and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General* with Her Majesty's Approbation signified by the Secretary of State for War as aforesaid* to issue* on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six* so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment* be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay* and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify

1866.

599

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid* and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form* and calculated up to such Period or Periods* as shall be required by the Secretary of State for War; but no Person who* after the Twenty "eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty* or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas* or under any other Government* shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas* or under any other Government* other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned* be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always* that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be serving as an Adjutant in the Volunteer Force* or who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia* or to the Yeomanry* but that every such Adjutant shall receive the same on making and subscribing such Declaration as shall be specified in the Regulations made for the Volunteer Force* under the Provisions of the Volunteer Act* 1863* and every other Person shall receive the same according to the Provision of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major* Serjeant* Corporal* and Private serving in the General or Local Militia* or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain or Ireland* may and shall receive any Half Pay* together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia* or Yeomanry or Volunteers* upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts* or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty* as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia* the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always* that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty*seven it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight* if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury through the Secretary of State for War* but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always* that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April* if Parliament be then sitting, or* if Parliament

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to he laid

before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Declarations to be made before Receipt of Sums appropriated.

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

liament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of Aprils of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

31. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may authorize the Receipt of Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

32. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have not been allowed to receive such c Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in posses-6 sion at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Prefer-

ments, though the same were not in the Patronage of the ' Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable

that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though ' in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same

was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half

Pay for such former Years as aforesaid*/ Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

33. And as to the several Sums appropriated by this Act for defraying Army, Navy, or Civil non-effective Services, no Person shall receive any Part of the same without subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf; and such Declaration shall and may be made

1866. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 9l. 601

and subscribed before any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Before whom Peace* Notary Public, or Resident Minister in the United ti^t^be^" Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Colonies or made. Dominions of Her Majesty; and when such Declarations are taken abroad they shall be made and subscribed before a British Minister, Secretary of Embassy, Secretary of Legation, Consul, or Bi'itish Chaplain, or before a Notary Public or some Magistrate or other Person competent to administer such Declarations; and as regards Naval Services before the Lord High Admiral or a Lord Commissioner or Secretary of the Admiralty, ora Superintendent of a Dockyard, Victualling, or Medical Establishment, or before an Officer in command of One of Her Majesty's Ships, or a Chaplain serving on board One of Her Majesty's Ships; and such Declarations for Army, Navy, and Civil Services may also be made and subscribed before any other Person now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Wats and Means.

Part 1st.

Schedule of Ways and Means referred to in Section 10 of this Act; viz .:

For the Year 1865-6:

Granted per Act 29 Vict., Cap. 6, for the Service £ s. d.

of the Year ending 31st March 1866 - - 1, 137, 772 -

For the Year 1866-7:

Granted for the Service of the Year ending 31 st March 1867; viz .:

Per Act 29 Vict., Cap. 13 - - 19,000,000 -

Per Section 1 of this Act - - 19, 661, 630 15 3

Per Section 9 of this Act (being Surplus Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years) - 767, 600 2 4

Total Grants f

of Ways and I £ s.

Means to meet< 1865-6 1, 137, 772 -

the following I 1866-7 39, 429, 230 17 Supplies. L

a]

- >£40, 567, 002 17 7

7J

Part 2nd.

Abstract of the Supplies granted by this Act.

For the Year 1865-6, Supplemental; £

Advances for New Zealand War (Section 11) -Deficiencies on Grants for Civil Services (Section 12, Schedule B.) -

For the Year 1866-7:

Navy Services - (Sec. 13, Schedule C.)

Army Services - (Sec. 14, Schedule D.)

Civil Services: £

Class L (Sec. 15, Schedule E.) 945, 906

(Sec. 16, Schedule F.) 1, 585, 056 (Sec. 17, Schedule G.)

(Sec. 18, Schedule H.)

(Sec. 19, Schedule I.)

Class II. Class III. Class IY. Class V. Class VI. Class VII

(Sec. 20, Schedule J.) . (Sec. 21, Schedule K)

2, 970, 833

1, 387, 515

523, 882

344, 766

240, 498

S» dm

764, 829 -

374, 753 17 7

10, 434, 735 - -14, 340,000 -

7, 998, 456 -

30,000 - -5, 017, 698 - -821, 164 -

660,000 -

125, 367 0 0

40, 567, 002 17 7

s. d.

Marriage Portion of H.R.H. Princess Helena (Sect. 22) -

Revenue Departments (Sec. 23, Schedule L.) -Post Office Packet Service (Sec. 24)

Advances for New Courts of Justice and Offices (Sec. 25) -

Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School (Sec. 26.) -

Total of Supplies chargeable upon the above Ways and Means

SCHEDULE (B.)

Schedule of Sums comprised in the Sum of 374, 7531. 17s. 7d. granted by Section 12 to make good Deficiencies on the several Grants for Civil Services herein particularly mentioned for prior Years ended on the 31st Day of March 1865. £

{British Embassy Houses abroad -Industrial Museum, Edinburgh Probate Court and Registries Office of Works, Salaries, &c.

"Law Charges, England- -Criminal Prosecutions, England -Law Charges, &c., Ireland -Court of Bankruptcy, Ireland Transportation of Convicts ^Convict Services in the Colonies -Scientific Works and Experiments '"Clergy, North America -Justices, West Indies Western Coast of Africa -Orange River Territory Captured Negroes, &e ^Services in China, &c.

Superannuation, &c. Allowances -Meath Hospital - Dues under Treaties of Reciprocity k Inspection of Corn Returns

Total

Class I.

Class III.

Class IV.

Class V.

Class VI. Class VII.

1, 612 15 9

39 8 3

89 17 10

3, 498 -

5, 814 -

3, 691 -

247 -

2, 647 -

234, 665 -

371 -

441 -

2, 717 -

21, 880 -

269 -

16, 385 63, 448 -

- —

2, 189 247 -

- —

14, 355 -

79 -

374, 753 17 7

1866.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

603

SCHEDULE (C.) — Supplies.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums comprised in the Sum of 10, 434, 735/. granted by Section 13 of this Act to defray the Charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

i

No.

1. For Wages to 68, 400 Seamen and Marines

2. For Victuals and Clothing for Seamen and Marines

3. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office -

4. For Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard

Service, the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, and Royal Naval Reserve -

5. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy -

6. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home and abroad -

7. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Victualling Yards and Transport Establishments at home and abroad

8. For Naval Medical Establishments at home and

abroad -

9. For Royal Marine Divisions -

10. For Naval Stores for the building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet -

10. For Steam Machinery for Her Majesty's Ships

and Vessels, and for Payments to be made for Ships and Vessels building or to be built by Contract -

11. For New Works, Buildings, Machinery, and

Repairs in the Naval Establishments -

12. For Medicines and Medical Stores

13. For Martial Law and Law Charges

14. For diver3 Naval Miscellaneous Services

15. For Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retire-

ment to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines

16. For Military Pensions and Allowances -

16. For Civil Pensions and Allowances

17. For Freight of Ships, for the victualling and

Conveyance of Troops on account of the Army

Total Navy Services - £

Sums not exceeding

2, 866, 559

1, 235, 188

173, 655

274, 119

63, 958

1, 376, 971

85, 624

59, 289

15, 550

1, 003, 501

338,000

892, 865

75, 664

20, 605

105, 950

701, 708

528, 904

213, 837

402, 788

10, 434, 735

3 E 2

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 & 30 VICT.

SCHEDULE (D.) — Supplies.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums comprised in the Sum of 14, 340,000l. granted by Section 14 of this Act to defray the Charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

No-

1. For the General Staff-and Regimental Pay, Allow-

ances, and Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India

2. For the Commissariat Establishment, Services, and

Movement of Troops -

3. For Clothing Establishments, Services, and Supplies

4. For the Barrack Establishment, Services, and Sup-

plies -

5. For Divine Service -

6. For Martial Law -

7. For the Medical Establishments, Services, and Sup-

plies -

8. For the Disembodied Militia -

9. For the Yeomanry

10. For the Volunteers -

11. For the Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve

Forces -

12. For the Manufacturing Departments -

13. For Warlike Stores -

14. For the Superintending Establishment of, and the Expenditure for, Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad -

15. For Military Education -

16. For the Surveys of the United Kingdom -

17. For Miscellaneous Services -

18. For the Administration of the Army

19. For Rewards for Military Service -

20. For the Pay of General Officers -

21. For the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers

22. For Widows Pensions and Compassionate Allowances

23. For Pensions and Allowances to Wounded Officers -

24. For Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-

pension thereof

25. For the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c.

26. For Superannuation Allowances, &c.

27. For the Non-effective Services of the Disembodied

Militia and Yeomanry Cavalry -

Sums not exceeding

5, 362, 400

1.134.800 454, 400

603, 300

41, 100

22,000

246, 500

842, 600

85, 200

348, 100

45,000

1.105.800 533,000

842.200 162, 400

88, 300

94, 800

212, 800

26, 100

72, 600

457.200 161, 300

26, 700

34, 600

1, 173, 900

135, 900

27,000

Total Army Services

- £

14, 340,000

605

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

SCHEDULE (E.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 15 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces

2. For the Maintenance and Repair of Public Buildings;

for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same $ for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Publi ^Departments, and Charges attendant thereon -

3. For the Supply and Repair of Furniture in the Pub-

lic Departments -

4. For maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal

Parks, Pleasure Gardens, &c.

5. For Works and Expenses at the New Houses of Parliament -

6. For the Maintenance and Repairs of Embassy Houses,

&e. at Paris and Madrid -

7. For the Maintenance and Repairs of the Embassy

Houses, Chapel, Consular Offices, Hospital, Surgeon's House, and Prison at Constantinople

8. For Expenses connected with the Bridge at Westminster -

9. For erecting a new Office for the Secretary of State

for Foreign Affairs -

10. For the Purchase of Land and Houses near Downing

Street Site for Public Offices -

11. For Expenses connected with the Probate Court and

Registries -

12. For enlarging the Public Record Repository, and

providing the necessary Fittings -

13. For completing the Stylobate, &c. of the Nelson

Column in Trafalgar Square -

14. For the Extension of the Buildings of the Patent

Office -

15. Towards the Purchase of a Site for the Enlargement

of the National Gallery -

16. For erecting a Building for the Use of the University

of London -

17. For the Repair and Restoration of the Chapter House

at Westminster -

18. For One Half of the Expense of erecting, improving, and maintaining Court Houses or Offices for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland -

19. For Contributions in aid of Local Assessments for the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Descriptions of Government Property -

48, 925

105, 437

12,000

98, 769

61, 090

1, 485

3.000 7, 525

63.500

58.000

23.500 27, 070

6.000

11, 600

50.000

20.000

7,000

30.000

27.000

3 E 3

20. For a Contribution towards the Establishment and

Maintenance of a Fire Brigade in the Metropolis

21. For constructing certain Harbours of Refuge

22. For Works and Expenses at the new Packet Harbour

and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, for Port-patrick Harbour, and for Works at Spurn Point -

23. For erecting, repairing, and maintaining the several

Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland

24. For the Construction of new Record Buildings at the

Four Courts, Dublin -

25. For the Purchase or Erection of Buildings for the

Queen's University in Ireland -

26. For the Restoration of the Works of the Ulster Canal

27. For erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses

abroad -

28. Towards the Erection in the Isle of Man of an Asylum

for the Reception of Criminal and other Lunatics -

29. For the Erection of a Monument in the Collegiate

Church of St. Peter's, Westminster, to the Memory of the late Right Honourable Viscount Palmerston

30. For Works at Landguard Point, near Harwich Har-

bour, under Act 26 & 27 Vict. Cap. 71.

Sums not exceeding

2, 500

82,000

42, 111

90, 663

2, 571

7,000

5.000

38, 160

2.000

2,000

10,000

Total Civil Services, Class I.

945, 906

SCHEDULE (F.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class n.

Schedule of Sums.granted by Section 16 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Two

Houses of Parliament and for Allowances to Retired Officers -

2. For Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury -

3. For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department

4. For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

5. For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies

6. For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council +.

71, 421

52, 432

26, 471

63, 840

32, 124

25, 739

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation!). Cap. 91.

607

No.

7.

8.

9.

10.

1L

12.

18.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

Sums not exceeding

For Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, including the Office of the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, the Joint Stock Companies .Registration Office, and the Designs Office -

For Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, and the Salaries and Expenses of his Establishment For conducting the Business of the Civil Service Commission -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Depar tment of Public Records -

For Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor -

For the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses ' of the Coinage - For Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, Fisheries, Alkali Works, and Proving Establishments - For Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain Offices in Scotland, and other Expenses formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue -

For Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland For Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London - For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland - For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts - For the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission -

For the Imprest Expenses of the Copyhold, In closure, and Tithe Commission, under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars General of Births, &c. in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh - For Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office For Salaries and Expenses of the Establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners -'!

65, 285

2, 938

9, 007

20, 558

5, 5o8

32, 226

28, 815

22, 119

242, 984

49, 182

39, 462

6, 242

6, 413

15, 667

23, 906

36, 866

20, 107

12, 890

66, 796

15, 253

3, 935

28. For certain Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland, and of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, including Allowances for Architect and Secretary of the Board of Control of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland -

29. For Salary and Expenses of the General Superinten-

dent of County Roads in South Wales

30. For Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the

Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland -

31. For Salaries and Expenses of the Charity Commission

for England and Wales -

32. For Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London

under the Local Government Act, and for the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales -

33. For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land

Revenue Records and Inrolments in London, and of the Landed Estates Record Office in Dublin

34. For Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrange-

ments -

35. For Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services

36. For Stationery, Printing, and Binding, and Printed

Books for the several Public Departments, and for Stationery, Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office -

37. For Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments -

Sums not exceeding

13, 735

1, 223

2, 404

18, 673

6, 835

2, 399

1, 444

32,000

357, 087

151, 020

Total Civil Services, Class II.

1, 585, 056

SCHEDULE (U.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class 1H.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 17 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

ENGLAND.

No.

1. For Law Charges, and for Salaries, Allowances, and Incidental Expenses, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, in the Department of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury -

Sums not exceeding

35, 940

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

Sums not exceeding

For Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Adjudications under the Criminal Justice Act, Sheriffs' Expenses, Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers, and for Compensation to Clerks of the Peace under the same Act - For Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Police in Scotland For Crown Office, Queen's Bench - For Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, and for Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin -

For Salaries and Expenses of the First Commissioner of the late Insolvent Debtors' Court, and of the Clerks and Officers of the said late Court now acting in the Court of Bankruptcy and in the Offices connected therewith - For Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes For Salaries and Expenses connected with the County Courts -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Registry -

For the Police Courts of the Metropolis - For the Metropolitan Police -

For Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales -

For Annuities by way of Compensation falling due under the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act For Compensations and Retiring Annuities of certain Holders of abolished Offices under the Bankruptcy Act, 1861 -

188, 567

263, 650.

O OIA

12, 520

3, 236

85, 430

160, 821

5, 280

23, 093

163, 071

17, 850

658

15, 555

SCOTLAND.

For Salaries and Incidental Expenses connected with Criminal Proceedings in Scotland For Salaries and Expenses of the Officers of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland For Salaries and Expenses of the Legal Branch of the Exchequer -

For Salaries and Expenses of the several Offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

70, 512

43, 880

1, 630

19, 511

IRELAND.

For the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges -

For Salaries and Expenses of certain Officers of the Court of Chancery -

65, 214

5, 877

No.

21. For Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Queen's

Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and of Offices connected with those Courts

22. For Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges on

Circuit -

23. For Compensations to Seneschals and other Officers of Manor Courts -

24. For Salaries and Expenses in the Office for the

Registration of Judgments -

25. For Salaries and Expenses of the Office for the

Registration of Deeds -

26. For Fees to Advocates appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates

27. For Salaries of the Judges and Officers and the inci-

dental Expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, and the Compensations awarded under the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty -

28. For Salaries of the Court of Probate, and the Expenses of the said Court, and of the District Registries -

29. For Salaries and Expenses of the Landed Estates

Court -

30. For Salaries of Process Servers -

31. For Remuneration to Revising Barristers in the City

of Dublin -

32. For Salaries of the Police Justices, and for the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin -

33. For the Constabulary Force -

34. For Expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea Prison,

Dublin -

35. For Inspection and General Superintendence over all

the Prisons and certified Reformatories and Industrial Schools in the United Kingdom

36. For Government Prisons and Convict Establishments

at home -

37. For Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols,

Reformatory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums; and for the Expenses of the Removal of Convicts -

38. For Transportation of Convicts, &c.

39. For the Convict Establishments in the Colonies

Total Civil Services, Class III.

Sums not exceeding

14, 762

4, 407

2, 031

2, 888

13, 086

100

6, 899

10, 668

11, 902

8, 500

420

52, 200 833 , o3o

2, 714

19, 790

339, 492

286, 184

21, 684

155, 466

2, 970, 833

GOO^C

1866.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

611

SCHEDULE (H.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 18 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

1. For Public Education in Great Britain

2. For the General Management of the Department of

Science and Art, and of the Establishments connected therewith -

3. For Public Education in Ireland under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland -

4. For Salary of the Secretary and the Expenses of the

Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland

5. For the University of London -

6. For Grants to Scottish Universities

7. For the Queen's University in Ireland

8. For the Queen's Colleges in Ireland

9. For the Royal Irish Academy -

10. For the Establishment and Expenses of the National

Gallery of Ireland, and for the Purchase of Pictures

11. For Salaries of the Theological Professors, and the

incidental Expenses of the General Assembly's College at Belfast, and for Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution -

12. For Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum

Establishment, including the Expense of Buildings, Furniture, Fittings, &c.

13. For the Expenses of the National Gallery, including

the Purchase of Pictures -

14. For the Formation of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons in British History

15. For Magnetic and Meteorological Observations, &c.

16. For preliminary Expenses on account of the Management of the British Department of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 1867 -

17. For Grants in Aid of the Expenditure of certain

Learned Societies in Great Britain

Sums not exceeding

694, 530

173, 928

336, 130

730

8, 793

19, 857

2, 452

4, 250

700

2,000

2, 500

102, 744

15, 892

1, 650

7, 059

12,000

2, 300

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

1, 387, 515

SCHEDULE (I.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICE S. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 19 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas

2. For the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British

North American Provinces -

3. For the Indian Department in Canada

4. For the Salaries and Allowances of the Governors,

Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies, and certain other Colonies -

5. For Salaries and Allowances of the Stipendiary

Justices in the West Indies -

6. For the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa -

7. For the Island of Saint Helena -

8. For the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Hope)

9. For Heligoland -

10. For the Falkland Islands -

11. For Labuan -

12. For the Pitcairn's Islanders in Norfolk Island

13. For the Emigration Board and Emigration Officers

at the different Ports of this Kingdom, and for certain other Expenses connected with Emigration

14. For the Expedition to the Niger River

15. On account of the Treasury Chest

16. For Bounties on Slaves and Tonnage Bounties, for

Expenses incurred for the Support and Conveyance of captured Negroes, and for other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade

17. For Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions

established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves

18. For the Consular Establishments abroad -

19. For the Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam -

20. For the Extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad

21. For special Missions, Diplomatic Outfits, and Conveyance and Entertainment of Colonial Officers and others -

22. For Salaries of the Third Secretaries at Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad

23. For Balance of Account due to the Colony for One

Half of the total Expense of the Royal Engineers formerly serving in British Columbia

24. For Repayment to the Government of India of the

Expenses arising out of the Convention with the Government of France in reference to the Emigration of Coolies from India to French Colonies -

Total Civil Services, Class V.

4, 200

3, 513

1,000

23, 178

6, 750

43,000

4, 924

500

1, 100

5, 875

3, 644

300

10, 418

3, 500

2, 920

39.000

10, 450

165.978

126.978

33.000

20.000

3, 600

4, 230

5, 824

523, 882

1866.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 91.

618

SCHEDULE (J.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 20 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

No.

1. For Superannuation Allowances and Compensations

to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service

2. For enabling Her Majesty to grant Relief to Tou-

lonese and Corsican Emigrants, St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty -

3. Towards the Support of the Refuge for the Destitute

4. For the Subsistence of Polish Refugees and Allow-

ances to distressed Spaniards -

5. For Pensions to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant

Service, and to their Widows and Children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund -

6. For the Relief of distressed British Seamen abroad -

7. For miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, &c., and for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament -

8. For Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament to the Treasurers of Public Infirmaries in Ireland -

9. For the Support of certain Hospitals in Dublin, and for the Expense of the Board of Superintendence

10. For Charitable Allowances charged on the Concor-

datum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c.

11. For Non-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dis-

senting Ministers in Ireland -

bums not exceeding

185, 888

605

325

3, 001

53, 170

30, 400

3, 732

2, 183

15, 845

8, 461

41, 156

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

344, 766

3F

614

Cap. 91. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 29 &30 VICT«

SCHEDULE (K.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VH.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 21 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England -

2. For Salaries and Expenses of temporary Commissions

3. For Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations

payable under the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act -

4. For Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries

in Scotland -

5. On account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufac-

tures in Scotland, in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union, and for the Exhibition of the Torrie Collection -

6. For Payments on account of the Difference of Dues

payable by British or Foreign Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity -

7. For Salaries of Inspectors of Corn Returns, and for

Expenses defrayed by Counties for Corn Returns -

8. For adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Coun-

ties, Baronies, and Parishes in Ireland

9. For the Expense of the Publication of the Ancient

Laws and Institutes of Ireland -

10. For encouraging the Cultivation of Flax in Ireland

11. For the Expense of the Telegraphic Cable laid down

between Malta and Alexandria, and of the Balmoral Telegraph -

12. For collecting Agricultural Statistics in Great Britain -

13. For certain Expenses formerly charged upon the

Vote for Civil Contingencies -

14. For certain Pensions and Gratuities to Persons for-

merly belonging to the Household of the King of the Belgians -

15. For the Purchase of old Gun Metal for the Memorial

for the late Prince Consort -

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

3, 750

47, 500

29, 292

15, 462

2, 100

53, 948

2, 800

500

416

3,000

780

10,000

62, 928

3, 052

4, 970

240, 498

615

Consolidation Fund (Appropriation), Cap. 91, 92.

SCHEDULE (L.) — Supplies.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 23 of this Act to defray the Charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1867; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs De-

partment -

2. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

3. For Post Office Services and the Collection of the

Post Office Revenue -

4. For Superannuations and Compensation Allowances,

Pensions, and other non-effective Charges in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office -

Total Revenue Departments - £

798, 493

1, 309, 645

2, 436, 016

473, 544

5, 017, 698

CAP. XCII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

[10th Augmt 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight," to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make " certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," herein-after referred to as the Principal Act, Power is given to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to make Provisional Orders for reducing the Rate of Interest and for extinguishing the Arrears of Interest on Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the Revenues of Turnpike Roads, in Cases where such Revenues are insufficient for the Payment in full of the Interest charged thereon: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-six, the Principal Act is extended to Turnpike Roads, the Acts relating to which are continued by any Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, although their Revenues are not insufficient for such Payments as aforesaid: And whereas, in pursuance of the Principal Act, and the

3 F 2 ' said

14 & 15 Vict. c. 38 *

24 & 25 Vict. c. 46.

616

Provisional Orders confirmed.

Cap. 92. Turnpike Trusts Arrangements. 29 & 30 VICT.

said Act extending the same, the several Provisional Orders referred to in the Schedule hereto have been made by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Depart-c ment, and there are stated in the said Schedule the Dates c of such Orders, and such Particulars relating thereto as are therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that the said f Provisional Orders should be confirmed and made absolute Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Provisional Orders, the Dates of which are set forth in the First Column of the said Schedule, are hereby confirmed, and the Provisions thereof shall be of the like Force and Effect as if they had been expressly enacted by Parliament

SCHEDULE.

Date of Provisional Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

1860.

28 June

23 Oct.

4 W. 4. c. 11., "An Act for making a " Turnpike Road from Minsterley in the County of Salop to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's " Castle in the said County of Salop " to Churchstoke in the County of " Montgomery " -

3 W. 4. c. 17.," An Act for making and " maintaining a Road from Bishop's " Waltham to join the Botley and " Winchester Road at or near Fisher's " Pond in the Parish of Owslebury in the County of Southampton "

r

j

Amount of

Principal

Debt.

£ s. d.

6, 323 6 11 4,000 0 0

1, 500 0 Q 2, 490 0 0

14 Nov.

3 W. 4. c. 24., "An Act for repairing the Road from Bicester in the " County of Oxford to Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham "

3, 300 0 0

28 Nov.

7 Dec.

4 Geo. 4. c. 62., "An Act for more " effectually repairing the Roads from " Dyed Way to Somerton, and from " Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and " from a Stream of Water called " Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and " other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset " -11 Geo. 4. c. 21., "An Act for more " effectually repairing, amending," widening, and improving the Road " from the West Cowgate, near New- castle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth " Turnpike Road in the County of " Northumberland, and for making " and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith "

- 1, 550 0 0

-15, 060 0 0

Interest to be reduced to the undermentioned Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1 lc?. per J Cent.

24 June 1865 (Arrears extin-_ guished).

{2L per Cent, 1/. per Cent.

1 Oct. 1865 I (Arrears | extin-I guished).

r 31. 10s. \ per Cent.

24 June 1863 - (Arrears extin-, guished).

r 3?. 15s. 1 29 Sept.

I per Cent, j 1865.

J 2l per \ 31 Dec. \ Cent, j 1865.

Date of Provisional Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Am ount of

Principal

Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the undermentioned Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1866.

£ s. d.

12 Feb. 3 W. 4. c. 93.," An Act for maintaining " the Hoads from the Town of Kings- ton-upon-Hull to the Town of " Beverley in the East Riding of the " County of York, and from Newland " Bridge to the West End of the " Town of Cottingham in the same " Riding" -5 July. 1 Vict. c. 42.," An Act for repairing " and maintaining a Road from near " Salterhebble in the Parish of Halifax " to the Huddersfield and Hew Hey " Turnpike Road in the Parish of " Huddersfield, and to Sowerby Bridge " in the said Parish of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County of " York, with a Bridge on the Line of the said Road "

575 0 0

r 2/. 105. \ per Cent.

7, 154 3 4

4l per Cent.

23 Dec. 1864.

31 Dec.

1865

(Arrears

extin-

guished).

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Aberdeen.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home De-f " partment, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Sec-

retaries of State, has, under the Provisions of "The General c Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," duly made f the Provisional Order which is contained in the Schedule

hereto annexed, and it is provided by the said Act that no such Order shall be of any Validity unless the same has been

confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said f Order should be so confirmed

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1866."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

618

Cap. 93. Aberdeen Provisional Order Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

SCHEDULE referred to in tins Act.

ABERDEEN.

General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act,

1862.

(25 & 26 Vict. Cap. 101.)

Whereas by the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, it is, inter alia, enacted, Section 79, that " whenever it appears desirable to the Magistrates and Council " or Commissioners of Police of any Royal or Parliamentary <e Burgh, or to the Commissioner3 for executing this Act in any <e Burgh or populous Place, that Provision should be made " in order the better to apply and execute therein the Provisions of this Act in whole or in part, or for the future " Application and Execution of any Acts in force therein 6C having relation to the Purposes of this Act, or to the Roads " or Streets within such Burgh or populous Place, or to any (C other Matter or Thing connected with the Management (C and Administration of the Municipal or Police Affairs of " any such Burgh or populous Place, or that any such Acts or " any Exemptions from rating therefrom derived, or that any Provisional Order or Order in Council applying this Act " hereby authorized to be made, should be wholly or partially " repealed or altered/' ie the Magistrates and Council or the Commissioners of any Burgh, or the Magistrates and Councils or Commissioners of contiguous Burghs, as the Case may " be, may present a Petition to One of Her Majesty's Principal " Secretaries of State, praying for such Provision, Repeal," and Alteration as aforesaid, or for any of such Things, <c and such Petition shall be supported by such Evidence as " the said Secretary requires:"

And whereas there is in said Burgh of Aberdeen a Board of Commissioners of Police separate from the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, which Board of Commissioners is appointed under and in virtue of a Local Act now in force (25 & 26 Vict. c. 203.), intituled " An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, draining, and improving the " City of Aberdeen and adjacent Districts, for regulating the " Police thereof, for supplying the Inhabitants with Water," and for other Purposes," and which Act is herein-after referred to as the " Local Act ":

And whereas a Petition under the Provisions of the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act has been addressed to me, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the Commissioners under the said Local Act, praying that a Provisional Order may be issued in the Terms and to the Effect after expressed, and that the same may be thereafter confirmed by Act of Parliament:

And whereas due Inquiry has been directed and held in respect of the Matters mentioned in the said Petition:

Now,

1866. Aberdeen Provisional Order Confirmation, Cap. 93. 619

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Powers vested in me by the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act,

1862, I, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my Hand and Seal of Office, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming the same, —

1. The Parts mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed of the " Aberdeen Police and Waterworks Act, 1862," being the Local Act 25 & 26 Victoria, Cap. 203., shall be repealed.

2. All the Provisions of the said Local Act which, if the Act to be passed confirming this Provisional Order had not been passed, would have been applicable or have referred to the Sewer Rates authorized by the said Local Act to be levied by way of District Assessment, shall, in so far as not inconsistent with this Provisional Order and the said Act to be passed, apply and refer to the Sewer Rates to be levied under the Authority of the said Local Act and of the said Act to be passed; and the said Local Act shall be read and construed as follows, that is to say, as if the Words "the Sewerage Department " had been inserted in Section 84 of such Act instead of the Words " each Drainage District" used in such Section; and as if the Words " within the Limits of this Act" had been inserted in Section 86 of such Act instead of the " Words "within each Drainage District within the Limits " of this Act to be formed as herein provided," used in such Section; and as if the Words " such Limits" had been inserted in such Section instead of the Words " such Drainage District " or " such District," whenever either of these Expressions is used in such Section; and as if the Words "by way of District Assessment in any Drainage District," used in Section 110 of such Act, had been omitted from such Section; and as if the Words "the Limits of this Act " had been inserted in such Section instead of the Words "such Drainage District" or "such District," wherever either of these Expressions is used in such Section; and as if the Words "Limits of this Act''had been inserted in Section 287 of such Act instead of the Words " Drainage District in which such Sewers are " respectively situated," used in such Section; and as if the Words " by way of District Assessment," where used in Schedule (B.) annexed to and referred to in such Act, and also the Word " District," where used in such Schedule, had been all omitted from such Schedule.

3. The Words "Commissioners," "Lands," "Premises/ '

" Street," and " Person " in this Provisional Order shall, unless there be in the Subject or Context something repugnant thereto or inconsistent with such Construction, have the several Meanings assigned to them by the said Local Act.

4. Whereas the Commissioners have, in pursuance of the said Local Act, made a Division of the Territory within the Limits thereof into separate Drainage Districts: The said Local Act, and the Act to be passed confirming this Provisional

Order,

620

Cap. 93. Aberdeen Provisional Order Confirmation. 29 & 30 VICT.

Order, shall be carried into execution to the like Effect and in the same Way as if such Division had not been made.

5. Notwithstanding anything contained in the said Local Act, all Sewers and Drains in or under any public Street within the Limits of the said Local Act, as thereby defined, and not already by such Act vested in the Commissioners, shall (with the Exception of the Sewers or Culverts constructed by and belonging to the Commissioners of the Harbour and Docks of Aberdeen) vest in and belong to and be under the Management and Control of the Commissioners: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall be bound to make Compensation to the Owner of such Sewers or Drains hereby vested in the Commissioners, so far as such Sewers or Drains may be private Property, for the Value of his Eight and Interest therein, which Compensation shall be settled in the same Manner as Compensation for Land to be taken under the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," is directed to be settled: Provided also, that in settling the Amount of such Compensation regard shall be had to, and a reasonable Abatement shall be made therefrom in respect of, the Rights, if any, which may have been previously acquired by any Person to use such old Sewer: Provided also, that any Person who may have acquired perpetual Right to use such Sewers or Drains hereby vested in the Commissioners previous to the Date at which the Act confirming this Provisional Order shall come into operation within the Territory within which such Sewers or Drains are situate shall be entitled to use the same, or any other Sewer to be substituted in lieu thereof, in as full and ample a Manner as he would or might have done if this Provisional Order had not been made.

6. Notwithstanding anything in the said Local Act contained, it shall be lawful to the Commissioners, if it shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying any Sewer or other Works into or through any enclosed or other Lands as authorized by Section 282 of such Act to be done, to stop up, alter, or remove any private Sewer or Drain within such Lands, not being a Sewer or Drain, if such there be, made and used for the Purpose of draining, preseving, or improving Land under any Local or Private Act of Parliament: Provided always, that if any Person shall, by means of such stopping up. Alteration, or Removal, be deprived of the Use of any such Sewer or Drain which such Person was theretofore lawfully entitled to use, the Commissioners shall provide some other Sewer or Drain equally effectual for such Pm pose; and the Provisions of Section 285 of the said Local Act shall extend and apply to the Case where any Person has by such Means been deprived of such Use.

7. If in making any Main or other Sewers, or in repairing, reconstructing, or enlarging the same, or any existing Drains or Sewers, the Contents at present carried into any existing Outlet shall be diverted therefrom to the Prejudice of any actual existing legal Right, the Commissioners shall be bound

to

"1866. Aberdeen Provisional Order Confirmation. Cap. 93.

to make Compensation therefor, which Compensation shall be settled in the same Manner as Compensation for Land to be taken under the Provisions of the said Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act is directed to be settled.

8. The Sewer Rates and Private Assessment to be imposed or levied under the Authority of the said Local Act and of the Act to be passed confirming this Order shall, with the legal Interest thereon from the Time when the same shall be declared payable, together with all Expenses incurred in the Recovery thereof, continue Burdens on the Premises liable for the same, or in respect of which the same shall be payable, but that only for Three Years from the Date when the same shall be respectively paj'able, as against bona fide singular Successors or Heritable Creditors: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Rights and Remedies of Superiors for the Recovery of their Feu Duties and Casualties.

9. The Act to be passed confirming this Provisional Order shall be construed together with the said Local Act as One Act, and for this Purpose the Expression " this Act," when used in the said Local Act, shall be taken to include the said Act to be passed.

Given under my Hand and Seal at Whitehall, this Fifteenth Day of June 1866.

(l.s.) (Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

The Parts of the said " Aberdeen Police and Waterworks Act, 1862," referred to in this Order to be repealed, are as follows, viz.: —

The following Portion of Section 86 of the said Act, namely," Provided that there shall not be One Assessment for " Sewer Rates for the whole Territory within the " Limits of this Act, but such Territory shall be divided " into separate and distinct Drainage Districts, to be " formed in manner herein-after provided, and the Commissioners shall make separate and distinct Assessments for such Sewer Rates for every separate " Drainage District accordingly as Occasion shall " require;" also the following Portion of Section 110 of the said Act, namely," and such Sewer Rates shall be so applied that each District shall, as nearly as " may be, bear its own Expenses; and in case any such " Expenses shall apply to or be incurred in respect of " Two or more Districts, the same shall be equitably cc apportioned and divided by the Commissioners between " such Districtsand also so much of the said Act as is included in the Sections thereof numbered respectively 280 and 281.

622

Cap. 94, 95.

29 & 30 Vict. '

Inclosures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

Inclosure (No. 2).

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and c ff Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure,

" Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the requisite 6 Consents thereto have been given since the Date of their

Twenty-first Annual General Report: And whereas the said c Commissioners have by a Special Report certified their Opinion ' that such proposed Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1866," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Saint Julliot Cornwall - - 15th August 1864.

Widdington Essex 19th October 1865.

Mynydd Bodafon - Anglesey 4th January 1866.

Coventry (No. 2.) - Warwick - - 6th January 1866.

Wainfleet - Lincoln - 8th February 1866.

Aspeden - Hertford 18th May 1865.

Hop ton Wafers Salop - 17th May 1866.

Throcking - Hertford 18th May 1865.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make temporary Advances1, to Railway Companies in Ireland.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS in the present State of the monetary Affairs of the Kingdom it is expedient that Provision should be made for authorizing Loans for short Periods to Railway (Companies in Ireland

Be

1866. Railways (Ireland) Temporary Advances. Cap. 95. 623

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Railway Companies (Ireland) Temporary Advances Act, 1866.

2. For the Purposes of Loans under this Act, the Commis- Power to sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, charg.not by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of them, cause 500, oooo?fupon to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United the Consoli-Kingdom, or the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, Ad^andtobT any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Five at the Disposal hundred thousand Pounds, such Money to be applied exclusively ^rks^Loan under this Act, and to be at the Disposal of the Public Works Commissioners. Loan Commissioners (herein-after called " the Commissioners ") in like Manner in all respects as Money placed at their Disposal under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty), and the Acts therein recited, subject nevertheless to the Provisions of this Act, which Provisions shall have full Effect notwithstanding anything in the Public Works Loan Act, 1853, or any Act therein mentioned, to the contrary contained.

3. All the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Powers of Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, ^oau Acts*ex-Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained tended to this in and conferred and imposed by the said Acts or any of them, Act.

so far as the same may be made applicable and are not varied by this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, as if the same were herein repeated and set forth.

4. The Commissioners may, out of the Money for the Time Power to make being at their Disposal under this Act, from Time to Time Advances of^, lend to any Railway Company in Ireland, and any such Railway Way ^om- ai" Company may from Time to Time borrow from the Commis- panies in Ire-sioners, such Sums as may be agreed upon, subject and according land-

to the following Provisions:

1. Every Loan shall be made either for the Purpose of discharging the Principal of Money temporarily borrowed and actually applied within Three Calendar Months before the passing of this Act in discharging Principal Money secured by any Debentures or other Securities of the Company duly issued before the passing of this Act pursuant to the Acts relating to the Company; or for the Purpose of discharging the Principal Money secured on any such Debentures or other Securities due at the Time of the passing of this Act, or falling due within Three Calendar Months afterwards, or within such further Period not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act as the Commissioners

Power to appoint Receiver in default of Payment for Six Months.

In default of Payment for Twelve Months Undertaking vested in Secretary of Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Cap. 95! Railways (Ireland) Temporary Advances, 29 & 30 VICT.

sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time direct:

2. The Interest made payable on each Loan shall be at such

Kate as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct, but not less than Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, nor less than the Kate of Interest pnyable on the Principal Money in discharge whereof the Loan is applied: Provided that under special Circumstances the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may by Warrant under their Hands direct Interest to be payable at a Rate lower than such last-mentioned Rate, but in such Case a Copy of each Warrant shall be laid before Parliament:

3. The Repayment of every Loan, with the Interest thereon,

at a Time not later than Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the Advance, shall be secured by a Debenture or other Security issued under the Acts of Parliament regulating the Company to which the Loan is made, and such Payment may be further secured in any Mode to be agreed on between the Company and the Commissioners, but it shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to require any other Security besides the Debenture:

4. The Commissioners shall not be bound to make any Loan

under this Act unless the Security offered is in their Opinion sufficient and proper.

5. If any Principal Money or Interest secured by any Debenture or other Security given under this Act shall remain unpaid at the Expiration of Six Months after the same shall have become due, the Commissioners may, by Order in Writing under the Hands of any Three of them, appoint some Person to receive the whole or a competent Part of the Tolls or Sums liable to the Payment of such Interest, or such Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, until such Interest or such Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, together with all Costs and Expenses incurred by the Commissioners, including the Expenses of receiving the Tolls or Sums aforesaid, be fully paid, and upon such Appointment being made all such Tolls and Sums of Money as aforesaid shall be paid to and received by the Person so to be appointed, and after such Interest and Costs, or such Principal, Interest, and Costs, have been so received, the Power of such Receiver shall cease.

6. If any Principal Money or Interest secured by any Debenture or other Security given under this Act shall remain unpaid at the Expiration of One Year after the same shall have become due, then the whole Undertaking of the Company by whom such Debenture or Security was given, and all their Lands, Works, Rolling Stock, and other Property and Effects of every Kind, shall, immediately on the Expiration of such One Year, become vested in the Secretary of the Public Works

625

1866. Railways (Ireland) Temporary Advances. Cap. 95 *

Works Loan Commissioners, freed from all Mortgages, Charges, or Incumbrances whatsoever affecting the same, but by way of Mortgage for securing Payment of the Principal Monies and Interest due and to become due under all Debentures or other Securities duly issued and registered by the Company before the Mortgage under this Section takes effect, in the same Order and Priority, and with the same Benefit of special Security (if any) duly given, as may be then subsisting, and by virtue of the Mortgage effected under this Section the Commissioners shall, under their several Acts, have, as against the Company, all the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges as if such Mortgage had formed the First Charge on the Property of the Company, and had been originally made under the several Acts relating to the Commissioners, for securing the Amount of a Loan advanced under those Acts, and Default had been made in Payment of the Principal and Interest due in respect of such Loan.

7. The Moneys recovered or received by the Commissioners in respect of any Mortgage which shall take effect under the last preceding Section shall be applied as follows:

1. In Payment of all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred

in executing or putting in force any Powers or Rights conferred by the Mortgage, or in realizing the Property mortgaged, or in the Recovery, Application, or Distribution of the Money received or secured thereunder, or otherwise in reference thereto:

2. In Payment of the Amounts due under all Debentures or

other Securities duly issued and registered by the Company before the Mortgage took effect, in the same Order and Priority, and with the same Benefit of special Security (if any) duly given, and in the same Manner in all respects in which such Amounts would be payable out of the Assets of the Company in ease no Mortgage had been effected under the last preceding Section:

3. The Surplus may be paid to the Company, or may be

paid by the Secretary of the Commissioners into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, "The Account of the surplus Capital of the Company (naming the Company)," pursuant to the Provisions of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-eight, intituled An Act for extending to Ireland an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees and for the Purpose of any such Payment into Court the Secretary of the Commissioners shall be deemed a Trustee of such Surplus within the Meaning of the said Act:

4. Such Orders as shall seem fit shall from Time to Time

be made by the Court of Chancery in Ireland, under the said last-mentioned Act, for Payment and Distribu- 3 G Hos, <m

Application of Moneys recovered under last preceding Section.

Securities under this Act declared valid.

Exemption from Stamp Duty.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 36.

Construction of Act.

Short Titles.

Definition of Registration of a Bill of Sale.

Renewal of Registration of Bills of Sale.

Cap. 95*96. Railways (Ireland) Temporary Advances. 29 & 30 VICT.

tion of such Surplus or any Part thereof to the Company* or to or among any Companies or Persons entitled to such Surplus or any Part thereof.

8. Every Debenture or other Security given by any Company for a Loan under this Act shall be deemed to be a Debenture or Security issued in accordance with the Acts regulating the Company* and shall not be rendered invalid by any Want of Compliance with the Provisions of such Acts* or by any other Omission or Informality whatever.

9. No Debenture or other Security executed for securing Payment of any Loan under this Act shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend the Bills of Sale Act* 1854.

[10th. August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the c Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty* f Chapter Thirty-six* intituled An Act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Bills of Sale of Personal Chattels* c and it is expedient that the said Act* herein-after referred to as the cc Principal Act*'' should be amended

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. The Principal Act and this Act shall* as far as is consistent with the Tenor of such Acts* be construed together.

2. The Principal Act may be cited as " The Bills of Sale Act* 1854*" and this Act may be cited as t(The Bills of Sale Act, 1866."

3. The filing of a Bill of Sale* or a Copy thereof, with the Affidavit required by the Principal Act* is herein-after referred to as the Registration of a Bill of Sale.

4. The Registration of a Bill of Sale under the Principal Act shall* during the Subsistence of such Security* be renewed in manner herein-after mentioned once in every Period of Five Years* commencing from the Day of the Registration, and* if not so renewed* such Registration shall cease to be of any Effect at the Expiration of any Period of Five Years during which a Renewal has not been made as hereby required* subject to this Provision* that where a Period of Five Years from the original Registration of any Bill of Sale under the Principal Act has expired before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven* such Bill of Sale shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as it would have been if thi Act had not been passed* if such Registration be renewed in manner aforesaid before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

5, The

1866. Bills of Sale Act (1854) Amendment. Cap. 96. 627

5. The Registration of a Bill of Sale shall be renewed by Mode of re-

some Person filing in the Office of the Masters of the Court Bl11

of Queen's Bench (being the Officers acting as Clerk of the 7 xyict

Docquets and Judgments in the said Court) an Affidavit c. 30. ss. 1 & 3/ stating the Date of such Bill of Sale* and the Names* Residences, and Occupations of the respective Parties thereto as

stated therein* and also the Date of the Registration of such Bill of Sale* and that such Bill of Sale is still a subsisting Security* and such Masters shall thereupon number 'such Affidavit and renumber the original Bill of Sale or Copy filed in the said Office with a similar Number.

6. Every Affidavit renewing the Registration of a Bill of Affidavit to Sale shall bear an adhesive Common Law Stamp of the Value gtamp55* of Five Shillings* and may be in the Form given in Schedule

A. to this Act* and no further Fee shall be payable on filing such Affidavit.

7. After the passing of this Act* instead of the Books Masters of directed to be kept by the Third Section of the Principal Act* ^u^epS ^Book there shall be kept at the said Office One Book only* in which containing shall be fairly inserted* as and when such Bills of Sale or Copies Particulars of as required by the Principal Act* or Affidavit of Renewal as gale ^dAffi-required by this Act* are respectively filed* the Name* Resi- davit, dence* and Occupation of the Person by whom the Bill of Sale

was made or given* or in case the same was made or given by any Person under or in the Execution of Process* then the

Name, Residence* and Occupation of the Person against whom such Process was issued* and also the Name of the Person or Persons to whom or in whose Favour the said Bill of Sale was given* together with the Number affixed to the said Bill of

Sale or Copy as directed by the Principal Act or by this Act

(as the Case may be); and the Date of the said Bill of Sale or

Copy, and of the Registration thereof* and the Date of the

filing the said Affidavit of Renewal* and all such Particulars *

shall be entered according to the Form given in Schedule B.

to this Act; and the said Book* and every Bill of Sale or Book, &c. may

Copy and Affidavit filed as aforesaid* may be searched and paentof °n

viewed by all Persons at all reasonable Times upon Payment One Shilling.

for every Search against One Person of the Fee or Sum of One

Shilling and no more* which Fee shall be paid by a Common

Law Stamp.

8. Any Person shall be entitled to have an Office Copy of Copies of Affi-such Affidavit of Renewal as is required to be filed under this dav1*? be Act upon paying for the same at the like Rate as for Office p^ent. Copies of Bills of Sale filed under the Principal Act.

9. Any Affidavit required by the Principal Act' or this Act Before yhom

may be sworn before One of the Masters of the Court of may

Queen's Bench. _ _, beSWOm

10. All Enactments for the Time being in force relating to Application of Common Law Stamps shall apply to the Stamps to be provided Enactments-for the Purposes of this Act.

11. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland* Extent of Act.

628 Cap. 96, 97. Bills of Sale Act (1854) Amendment. 29 & 30 VICT.

SCHEDULE A.

I A.B. of do swear that a Bill of Sale, bearing

Date the Day of 18 [insert the Date

of the Bill of Sale], and made between [insert the Names, Sfe. of the Parties to the Bill of Sale as in the original Bill of Sale], and which said Bill of Sale [or "and a Copy of which said Bill of Sale " (as the Case may be)] was filed in the Court of Queen's Bench on the Day of

18 [insert the Date of filing], and is still a subsisting Security.

Sworn, &c.

SCHEDULE B.

Satisfaction entered. No. By whom given, or against whom Process issued. To whom given. Instrument. Date of Instrument. Date of Registration. Date of filing Affidavit of Renewal.

Name. Residence. Occupation.

Recital of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 106., amended by 8 & 9 Vict. c. 108.,

13 & 14 Vict. UULlUiV/U UIUVL M.J-LVC KJJ at WWU V/l/ALV/A vrx tUV; kJVjOO.lV.M-l

c. 88., &c. held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the same

4 Reign, Chapter Eighty-eight, and by other Acts; and by the said Acts Provision is made for the Protection and Regulation of the Oyster Fisheries in Ireland, and for the granting of Licences to Owners and Occupiers of Lands and others to plant and form Oyster Beds and Layings:

And whereas it is expedient to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in all Places where no substantially profitable public Bight of Fishing for Oysters exists, and to amend the said Statutory Enactments in force in Ireland, so far as and the such Oyster Fisheries and Oyster Beds and Layings, and the Formation, Encouragement, and Protection of the same: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

CAP. XCVII.

An Act further to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland, and to amend the Acts for that Purpose.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign

of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries, and which said Act has since been amended by 4 a certain Act of the Session held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, Chapter One

Innr^rlr*orl onfl oinrlif cmrl a norfain Aflior A r»+ flio ftocointi

1866.

629

Oysters Cultivation (Ireland). Cap. 97.

Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act so much of the aforesaid Acts of Parliament* and of any Act amending or extending the same as relates to the granting of Licences to form Oyster Beds or Layings* shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that as to all Acts done* Bights conferred* or Penalties or Liabilities incurred by virtue of the said Statutes before the passing of this Act* the said Enactment so hereby repealed shall be deemed to continue in full Force and Effect.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act* 1866."

3. In the Construction of this Act the Term " Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland as Commissioners of Fisheries* together with the inspecting Commissioner of Fisheries in Ireland for the Time being associated with them for the Purpose of executing the said Acts* or any One or more of them; the Term " Owner of Lands" shall mean any Person entitled to the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands for an Estate for his own Life* or for Years determinable on his own Life* or for any greater Estate* exclusive of any Person entitled to such Lands by virtue of any Lease for Lives or Years at a Rackrent.

4. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to grant a Licence to the Owner of any Land bordering on the Sea* or any Estuary* or to any Person or Persons, with the Consent of such Owner* to form or plant any Oyster Bed or Laying* whether above or below Low-water Mark: Provided always* that the forming and planting of such Oyster Beds shall not give any exclusive Right or Title to the Occupancy of the Shore* except for the Purposes aforesaid.

5. Every such Licence shall be in Writing and under the Hands of the said Commissioners* or any Two of them* and shall, by reference to a Map or otherwise, as to the Commissioners shall seem best* define the Position and Limits of such Oyster Bed or Laying* and may be made subject to such Conditions and Limitations, and may be perpetual or terminable* as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper.

6. Previously to the granting any such Licence as aforesaid* the said Commissioners shall cause a Notice, stating the Application for such Licence* to be inserted in some Newspaper circulating in or near the District within which such Licence may be applied for; and such Notice shall also state the Time and Place (not sooner than Three Weeks from the Date of such Notice) when and where the said Commissioners* or any Inspector appointed by them* shall hold a public Inquiry in the said District as to the Expediency of granting the same; and every such Notice shall be given at least Three Times in some Newspaper circulating in such District* and also posted at or

Repeal of so much of the said Acts as relates to the granting of Licences.

[Short Title.]

Construction of Terms.

Power to Commissioners to grant Licences.

Such Licence to he in Writing under Hands of Commissioners.

Notice to be given previously to the granting of such Licence.

No Licence to be granted where a public Eight of Fishing exists.

Notice to be given of the granting of such Licence.

A Copy of Licence to be lodged with Clerk of the Peace, &c.

Appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

Effect of such Licence.

Licence may be determinable by Certificate of the Commissioners.

Cap. 97. Oysters Cultivation (Ireland), 29 & 30VICT.

near the nearest Police Station; and no such Licence shall be granted in any Place where the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Public exercise and enjoy bona Jide a substantially profitable Fishing for Oysters, nor within the Limits of any Oyster Bed or Oyster Fishery the Property of any private Person.

7. When any such Licence shall be granted Notice thereof shall be given in like Manner as aforesaid in respect to the Application for any such Licence, and a true Copy of every such Licence so granted by the said Commissioners, signed by the Secretary of the said Commissioners, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace of the County within which such Licence shall operate; and a Copy of such Licence, certified under the Hand of such Clerk of the Peace, shall be admitted in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, in the same Manner as if the said Copy was the original Licence of which it shall purport to be a Copy.

8. At any Time within the Period of One Month after the granting of such Licence it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons dis-satisfied with the same to apply by way of Memorial to the Lord Lieutenant in Council that such Licence may be vacated; and Notice of every such Memorial, by way of Appeal, shall be given to the Licencee and to the Commissioners; and the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall adjudicate upon the Matter of such Memorial, and either confirm or vacate such Licence as to him shall appear expedient.

9. Every such Licence so granted as aforesaid, if unappealed from as aforesaid, or if confirmed on such Appeal, shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons whomsoever, including the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, and shall operate to vest in the Licencee or Licencees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Rights and Privileges as shall be thereby given according to the Tenor of the same, free from all prior or other Rights, Titles, Estates, or Interests whatsoever.

10. That notwithstanding anything in any Licence heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted by the Commissioners, the same shall be determinable by a Certificate of the Commissioners (which Certificate they are hereby empowered to make) certifying to the Effect that the Commissioners are not satisfied that the Licencee is properly cultivating the Oyster Ground within the Limits of such Licence; and on any such Certificate being made the Right by such Licence conferred shall by virtue of this Act, and of the Certificate as aforesaid, be absolutely determined, and all the Provisions of the Acts herein-before recited and referred to, or of this Act, shall cease to operate in relation to such Licence as an Oyster Fishery, or otherwise; and for the Purposes of this Provision the Commissioners may from Time to Time with respect to such Licence or Oyster Fishery make such Inquiries and Examinations by an Inspector, or otherwise, and require from such

Licencee

631

1866. Oysters Cultivation (Ireland). Cap. 97.

Licencee such Information as the Commissioners may think necessary or proper; and the Licencee shall afford all Facilities for such Inquiries and Examinations, and give such Information accordingly.

11. In all Cases where any Person shall commit any Offence against any Act of Parliament, or any Section of any Act of Parliament, for the Protection of or relating to Oyster Fisheries in Ireland, such Person may be prosecuted in a summary Way before any Justice of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions; and all the Provisions of the " Petty Sessions Act, Ireland, 1851," and of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1851, shall apply to such Offences, and to the Jurisdiction of such Justices to adjudicate on the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to repeal or affect the Provisions contained in the Act first herein-before recited, and relating to Offences against the said Act, or any of the Acts amending the same.

12. The Production of a Copy of any such Licence certified under the Hand of any such Clerk of the Peace shall be Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity that the Licence of which the same may purport to be a Copy was duly granted by the said Commissioners, and that all Matters and Things by this Act required to be done previously to the granting of such Licence have been duly done and performed.

13. It shall not be lawful for any Person other than the Licencees or their Assigns, their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, within the Limits of any Oyster Bed or Laying, knowingly to do any of the following Things:—

To use any Implement of Fishing except a Line and Hook or a Net adapted solely for catching floating Fish, and so used as not to disturb or injure in any Manner any Oyster Bed or Oysters, or the Oyster Fishery:

To dredge for any Ballast or other Substance except under a lawful Authority for improving the Navigation:

To -deposit any Stone, Ballast, Rubbish, Or other Substance:

To place any Implement, Apparatus, or Thing prejudicial or likely to be prejudicial to any Oyster Bed or Oysters, or Brood or Spawn thereof, or to the Oyster Fishery, except for a lawful Purpose of Navigation or Anchorage:

To disturb or injure in any Manner, except as last aforesaid, any Oyster Bed or Oysters, or Brood or Spawn thereof, or the Oyster Fishery:

To interfere with or take away any of the Oysters from such Bed, without the Consent of the Licencees or Owners or Occupiers of such Bed:

And if any Person does any Act in contravention of this Section he shall on summary Conviction be liable to the

following

Offenders to be prosecuted at Petty Sessions.

A Copy of Licence certified by Clerk of the Peace to be Evidence.

Penalties for injuring Oyster Beds.

Power to the Commissioners to revoke Licences in certain Cases.

Power to alter Licences heretofore granted so as to give Effect to any Agreements.

This Act to he read together with former Acts.

Cap. 97, 98. Oysters Cultivation (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

following Penalty, namely, to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for the First Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Second Offence, and not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Third and every subsequent Offence; and every such Person shall also be liable to make full Compensation to the Licencees for all Damage sustained by them by reason of his unlawful Act, and in default of Payment the same may be recovered from him by the Licencees by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, whether he has been prosecuted for or convicted of an Offence against this Section or not.

14. That in any Case where any such Licence shall be granted by the said Commissioners, if it shall appear to them that the Licencee under such Licence, or his Assigns, within the Period of Three Years from the Date of such Licence has not taken Steps proper in their Opinion to form the Oyster Bed or Laying in such Licence mentioned, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, to revoke such Licence, and thereupon all the Rights and Privileges by such Licence shall cease and determine: Provided always, that previously to the making of such Order the said Commissioners shall cause a Notice in Writing stating their Intention to make such Order to be served upon the Person for the Time being entitled to such Licence, or in case such Person cannot be found, the Commissioners shall cause such Notice to be inserted as an Advertisement Three Times at least in some Newspaper circulating in such District; and no such Order shall be made till after the Expiration of One Month from the Service of such Notice, or from the Date of the last of such Advertisements, which shall last happen.

15. That notwithstanding anything in any Act to the contrary, it may be lawful for the Commissioners to alter any Licence heretofore granted by them, or to grant a new Licence in lieu thereof, to the Licencee or his Representative, so as to give Effect to any Agreement or Undertaking which may have been given or entered into by or on behalf of any such Licencee with any Person or Body subsequently to the Date of any such Licence.

16. This Act shall be read together and construed as One Act with the said Acts now in force for the Regulation of the Sea Fisheries in Ireland.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to extend the Duration of The Dockyard Extensions Act (1865).

[10th August 1866.]

T> E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The

1. The Power conferred by The Dockyard Extensions Act, Powers con-

1865, on the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord m*raHy°under High Admiral shall be and the same is hereby continued 28 & 29 Vict. until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the c. 51. continued present Session; and the said Act shall accordingly be con- Termfarther strued as if the End of the Session of Parliament next after the

present Session had been mentioned in Section One of that Act, instead of the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

2. The said Act, and the Act of the present Session Short Titles of (Chapter Twenty-seven) amending the same, and this Act, may Acts-

be cited together as The Dockyard Extensions Acts, 1865 and

1866.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to reduce the Number of Judges in the Landed Estates Court in Ireland, and to reduce the Duties payable under the Record of Title and Land Debentures Acts.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second

e Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 21 & 22 Vict. c to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Land in Ireland, c- 72» c whereby it was enacted that there should be Three Judges

of the Landed Estates Court thereby constituted:

6 And whereas a Vacancy has arisen in consequence of the c Demise of Charles James Hargreave, One of the said

Judges, and it is not expedient, having regard to the State of the Judicial Business of the Court, that such Vacancy should ' be filled up:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Yeai's of the f Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to reduce and alter 24 & 25 Vict. ' the Rate of Duty payable on Proceedings under the Statute of c*123 *

(the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter c Seventy-two, Section Eighty-eight, and for other Purposes; and

it is expedient further to reduce the Rates of Duty payable ' in respect of the larger Estates, and in respect of Partitions,

Exchanges, and Divisions of Land:

f And whereas Two Acts were passed in the last Session of 28 & 29 Vict.

Parliament, intituled respectively, the " Record of Title Act 288 & 29 Vict c (Ireland), 1865," and the "Land Debentures (Ireland) Act, c. 101.

1865," and it is expedient to reduce the Stamp Duty payable

in respect of Land Debentures, and to make better Provision ' for carrying out the said Acts of the last Session of Parliament

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There

Judges of the Court to be Two only.

Salaries of Judges.

In event of Difference of Opinion between the Judges, Rules, &c. signed by Lord Chancellor and One Judge to be valid.

Rates of Duty on certain Estates reduced.

Sect. 29. of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 101. as to Stamp Duty on Land Debentures repealed.

Appointment of Recording Examiner.

Cap. 99. Landed Estates Court, , fyc. c. (Ireland), 29 & 30 VICT.

1. There shall be Two Judges only of the Landed Estates Court, and all Powers and Authorities which might by Law be exercised by Three Judges may be exercised by the Two existing Judges of the Court, and by their Successors in Office.

2. There shall be paid to each Judge a Salary of Three thousand Pounds a Year. Such Salaries shall be in lieu of the Salary provided by the first-mentioned Act, charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund in the same Manner in all respects as the Salaries provided by the first-mentioned Act. The Provisions of the said Act with respect to the retiring Pensions of the Judges therein mentioned shall be applicable to the Judges of the said Court as constituted by this Act.

3. In the event of any Difference of Opinion arising between the Judges of the Court as to any proposed Pule, Regulation, Order, or Direction (excepting for the Removal of any Officer) in which their Concurrence may be required, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, on such Matter being submitted to him, to determine the same; and every Rule, Regulation, Order, or Direction (except as aforesaid), when signed by the Lord Chancellor and by One of the said Judges, shall thereupon be as valid and binding for all Purposes as though such Rule, Regulation, Order, or Direction had been signed by both of the said Judges.

4. The several Duties set out in the Schedule hereto shall be levied and paid in lieu of those now payable; and so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty as imposes higher Rates of Duty than those set out in the Schedule hereto is hereby repealed.

5. The Twenty-ninth Section of "The Land Debentures (Ireland) Act, 1865," is hereby repealed, and no Certificate under that Act shall be deemed to be a Deed within the Meaning of the Stamp Acts. A Debenture under the said Act shall be deemed to be a Mortgage for the Amount of the Principal Money thereby secured, and a Transfer of a Debenture shall be deemed to be a Transfer of a Mortgage, and the Court shall frame and promulgate such Rules and Directions as it shall consider expedient for securing the Payment of the Transfer Duty: Provided that where on the original making and issuing of any Debenture the same shall be stamped with a Duty of Four Shillings for every Hundred Pounds and also for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds of the Principal Money thereby secured, then every Transfer thereafter made of such Debenture shall be exempt from the Stamp Duty which would otherwise be payable in respect of the Transfer.

6. And whereas by Section Sixty-two of the Record of

Title Act (Ireland), One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

five, it is enacted, that the Record shall be under the s Management of the following principal Officers of the

Landed

365

Landed Estates Court, &c. (Ireland). Cap. 99.

Landed Estates Court; videlicet, the Examiners and the c Registrar, or of such One of them as the Judges shall from Time to Time direct, and in case of his Absence the Judges

shall appoint One other of the said Officers to supply his Place; and the Judges shall adjust the Duties now per-f formed by the said Officers in such Manner as may appear

expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall so arrange the same that some One of the said Officers shall be in attendance daily (except as aforesaid) throughout the Year:' Be it enacted, That Richard Denny Urlin, Barrister-at-Law, the Examiner of the late Judge Hargreave, deceased, shall, so long as he shall continue to be an Examiner of the Court, be employed under and by the Judges of the Court in the Management of the Record of Title, and of the Record of Title Office, and shall be styled " the Recording Examiner 55 of the Court.

7. There shall be paid to the Recording Examiner of the Court, in addition to his Salary as One of the Examiners of the Court, and as a Compensation for his increased Duty during Vacations, a Sum of Two hundred Pounds a Year, payable out of the Funds to be provided by Parliament for the Expenses of the Court.

8. When any Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Recording Examiner it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland by Warrant on the joint Recommendation of the Judges of the Court, or in default of such joint Recommendation at his own Discretion, to appoint thereto a fit Person, being a Barrister-at-Law or Solicitor of at least Ten Years Standing, or having filled some Office or Offices in the Landed Estates Court for Ten Years.

9. The said Richard Denny Urlin, and every Recording Examiner hereafter to be appointed, shall be removeable in the same Manner and for the same Cause, and shall be entitled to the like retiring Allowance, and upon the same Conditions and payable out of the same Funds, as the Registrar or Taxing Officer of the Court under the said first-mentioned Act.

10. The Recording Examiner shall, either for the Purpose of winding up the Business now pending in the Chambers of the said Charles James Hargreave, or otherwise, discharge the ordinary Duties of an Examiner when directed by the Judges of the Court; and it shall be lawful for any Examiner to act in the Place of the Recording Examiner during his Absence in Vacation or otherwise.

11. The Chief Clerk, Second Clerk, and Junior Clerk now attached to the Court and Chambers of the said Judge Hargreave (deceased) shall be employed as the Judges may direct in the Business of the Court, and any or either of them may be transferred to the Record of Title Office, or to some other suitable Office in the Court, but no such Employment or

Transfer

Salary of

Recording

Examiner.

Future Appointment of Recording Examiner.

Removal, &c. of Recording Examiner.

Recording Examiners may act for each other.

Chief and othe Clerks to transact such Business as the Judges may direct.

Po^er to consolidate the Offices of Registrar and Recording Examiner.

Messengers,

&e. to hold during Pleasure.

[Short Title.]

Construction of Act.

3 & 4. W. 4. c. 71.

Cap. 99, 100. Landed Estates Court, S; c. (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

Transfer shall involve any Decrease of annual Salary to the said Officers or either of them.

12. When any Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Registrar of the Court, or in the Office of Recording Examiner, if it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant on Communication with the Judges that such Offices can be conveniently united, the Lord Lieutenant may thereupon by his Warrant unite the said Offices, and thenceforward the said Offices shall be filled by the same Person at the Salary of the Recording Examiner.

13. Every Tipstaff, Crier, or Messenger in the Landed Estates Court shall hold his Situation at pleasure, subject to be dismissed by Order of the Judges.

14. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Landed Estates Court Act, 1866/5 and in construing it the same Meanings shall be assigned to Words as were assigned to them by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty.

SCHEDULE of Duties to be payable in respect of Sales, Declarations of Title, Partitions, Exchanges, and Divisions of Land to be made by Order of the Landed Estates Court.

1. If the Value of the Estate sold, or of which s. d.

the Title shall be judicially declared, do not exceed 10,000l., then for every 100/. of Value a Duty (at the present Rate) of- - -100

2. If the Value exceed 10,000l. and does not exceed 25,000l., then for the First 10,000l. after the Rate aforesaid, and for every subsequent 100/. of Value

a Duty of- - - -50

3. If the Value exceed 25,000l., then for the First

10,000l. a Duty for every 100/. of Value of 10s., and for every 100/. in Value between 10,000l. and 25,000l. a Duty of 5s., and for every subsequent 100/. of Value a Duty of- - - 26

4. For every Partition, Exchange, or Division made by Order of the Court, where there is no Sale of Land, an uniform Duty in respect of every 100/.

of Value of - - 26

CAP. C.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to Prisons.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS, in pursuance of the Act passed in the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of ' His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-6 one, intituled An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places 6 for the holding of Assizes in England and Wales, Orders of 6 Her Majesty in Council have been made changing the Places

at

1866. Prisons. Cap. 100. 637

at which Assizes may be held, and with a view to such

Changes requiring the Prisoners of certain Prison Authorities to be removed to Prisons beyond the Jurisdiction of ' such Authorities:

And whereas Difficulties have arisen in relation to the

Maintenance of the Prisoners so removed:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where, in pursuance of any Orders of Her Majesty in As to Main- Council, Prisoners committed for Offences arising within the g^ers rem^ed Jurisdiction of one Prison Authority herein-after referred to out of the Ju-as " the Sending Authority " have been or may hereafter be risdiction of committed or sent to the Prison of another Prison Authority i^o^mam herein-after referred to as " the Receiving Authority," then, if tajn them> and so long as no Contract with respect to the Maintenance

of such Prisoners exists, all Expenses that have previously to the passing of this Act been incurred or may hereafter be incurred by the Receiving Authority, in the Conveyance,

Maintenance, or Care of the Prisoners of the Sending Authority, or otherwise by reason of such Prisoners having been committed or sent to the Prison of the Receiving Authority, including a due Proportion of the Salaries of Officers and the Expense of repairing, adding to, or altering the Prison, shall be deemed to be a Debt due from the Sending Authority to the Receiving Authority, and shall be payable out of the same Rate or Funds out of which the Expenses of maintaining the Prisoners of the Sending Authority are by Law payable.

2. Any Dispute as to the Amount of Expenses payable by Dispute as to the Sending Authority to the Receiving Authority in pur-

suance of this Act shall be deemed to be a Difference autho- Arbitration. y rized by The Prisons Act, 1865, to be settled by Arbitration, and the Provisions of the said Act shall apply accordingly.

3. Payment by the Sending Authority to the Receiving Time of Pay-Authority of any Expenses incurred before the passing of this raent of Ex- Act shall be made by Four equal yearly Instalments, the first gen&ng^Au-of such Instalments to be paid within Three Months from the thority to passing of this Act; and all Moneys so payable by Instalments deceiving Au-shall bear Interest at the Rate of Four per Centum per Annum ori

from the Date of the passing of this Act until the Time of the Payment thereof.

Payment by the Sending Authority to the Receiving Authority of any Expenses incurred after the passing of this Act shall be made half-yearly, or at such other Times as may be determined by the said Authorities; and any Moneys not paid at the Time appointed for the Payment thereof shall bear Interest at the Rate of Four per Centum per Annum from such Time until the Time of the Payment thereof.

4. The Prison of the Receiving Authority shall, for all the As to Custody Purposes of and incidental to the Commitment, Trial, Deten- of Prisoners in

638 Cap. 100, 101. Prisons. 29 & 30 VICT.

Receiving Au- tion, and Punishment of the Prisoners of the Sending Authority. thority, be deemed to have been and to be the Prison of the

Sending Authority, except that the Sending Authority shall have no Eight to interfere in the Management of the Prison of the Receiving Authority, and that the Prisoners of the Sending Authority shall be in the legal Custody of the Gaoler of the Prison of the Receiving Authority, and shall, as respects Prison Discipline, be in all respects subject to the Jurisdiction of the Receiving Authority.

Construction of 5. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Prisons Act* Act, 1866, and shall, so far as is consistent with the Tenor

thereof, be construed as One with the Prisons Act, 1865.

Sect. 6. of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 45. repealed.

Total Receipts from Stamps to be paid to Consolidated Fund.

Salaries of Masters to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

Expenses in First Schedule

Provision respecting Amount of Salaries of Masters.

CAP. CI.

An Act to make further Provision respecting the Pees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and respecting the Salaries of certain Officers of those Courts.

[10th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven Section Six of The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865, shall be repealed.

2. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall keep a separate Account of all Money received in respect of Stamps under the said Act; and from and after the said Day, subject to the Deduction of any Expenses incurred by those Commissioners in the Execution of that Act, the Money so received shall, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be carried to and shall form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

3. From and after the said Day, the Salaries, and Compensation Allowances by way of Salary, of and to the several Masters of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer (including the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas as Registrar of Judgments, and including the Queen's Remembrancer,) shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

4. From and after the said Day, the Salaries, Charges, and Payments described in the First Schedule to this Act shall be paid out of Money from Time to Time provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

5. In lieu of the Salaries at the passing of this Act payable to the Masters of the said Courts respectively, the said Masters shall receive, by way of Salary for performing the Duties of their respective Offices, the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum each, to commence and be computed from the

639

1866. Common Law Courts (Fees and Salaries). Cap. 101.

the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to be paid quarterly on the Thirty-first Day of December, the Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, together with a proportionate Part of such annual Sum for any incomplete Quarter of a Year; provided that with respect to any Master of any of the said Courts hereafter to be appointed, his Salary shall be at the Kate of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum only until he shall have held the Office for Three Years.

Provided also, that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall settle and adjust the Amount of the Remuneration to be allowed to the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas (under the Act of the Session of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-five," to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees " receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas, ") and the Amount of the Salary of the Master of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being acting as Queen's Remembrancer (under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-one," to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to " amend the Practice of Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, ") so that the annual Sums received by those Officers respectively shall not, together with their respective Salaries of One thousand five hundred Pounds as Masters, exceed the Amounts which those Officers respectively receive at the passing of this Act in respect of their several Offices aforesaid, that is to say, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum each.

6. Section Seven of The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865, is hereby repealed.

7. There shall be annually prepared, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, an Account for the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March, showing on the one Side the total Amount of Money received in respect of Stamps, under The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865, and any Act extending the same, and on the other Side the total Payments for the same Period for Salaries, Compensations, and other Charges and Payments formerly charged on or payable out of Fees comprised in The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865, and for Compensation to Officers who held Offices in the said Courts and the Offices connected therewith, which were abolished by the Acts described in the Second Schedule to this Act; and such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting, or if not then within One Month after the next Meeting of Parliament; and the Second of such yearly Accounts, and every subsequent Account, shall show the Items for Two consecutive Years, and

13 & 14 Vict. c. 75.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21.

Repeal of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 45. s. 7. Annual Account of Fees and Charges.

640

[Short Title.]

Cap. 101, 102. Common Law Courts (Fees 8fc.). 29 & 30 VICT.

the Increase or Decrease of any Item in the Second of those Years as compared with the First.

8. This Act may be cited as The Common Law Courts (Fees and Salaries) Act, 1866.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

(A.) Salaries of Clerks and other Persons in Office of Senior Master of Court of Common Pleas for Registration of Judgments, Crown Debts, &e., with necessary Expenses of that Office.

(B.) Salaries of the Officer of the Court of Common Pleas for Registration of Certificates, &c., of Acknowledgments of Deeds of Married Women, &c., and Clerks and Messengers in his Office, with necessary Expenses of that Office.

(C.) Salaries and Allowances of and to Clerks and other Persons employed in Establishment under Queen's Remembrancer, with necessary Expenses of his Office.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 58. — An Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 99. — An Act for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs and the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Issues, forfeited Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30. — An Act to abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and to make Provision for a more effective and uniform Establishment of Officers in those Courts.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. — An Act to make Provision for a permanent Establishment of Officers to perform the Duties at Nisi Prius in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and for the Payment of such Officers and of the Judges Clerks by Salaries, and to abolish certain Offices in those Courts.

CAP. Oil.

An Act to continue various expiring Acts.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in the First c Column of the Schedule hereto are wholly, or as to c certain Provisions thereof, limited to expire at the Times specified in respect of such Acts in the Fourth Column of the f said Schedule: And whereas it is expedient to continue such

Acts

1866,

641

Expiring Laios Continuance. Cap. 102.

Acts, in so far as they are temporary in their Duration, for ' the Times mentioned in respect of such Acts respectively in f the Fifth Column of the said Schedule Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1866."

2. The Acts mentioned in Column One of the said Schedule, Continuance of and the Acts, if any, amending the same, shall, in so far as such 111 Sclie- Acts or any Provisions thereof are temporary in their Duration, be continued until the Times respectively specified in respect of such Acts or Provisions in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

i.

Original Acts.

2.

Amending

Acts.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89.

Poor Rates, -

Stock in Trade Exemption.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. 19 & 20 Vict.

Survey of Great c. 61.

Britain.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123.

Lunatic Asylums

(Ireland).

10 Vict. c. 32.

Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90.

Poor Laws (Ireland).

13 & 14 Vict. c. 31.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 68.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 109. -Poor Law.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland).

20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. Sheep and Cattle diseased.

16 & 17 Vict.

c. 62.

29 Vict. c. 15.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104.

Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36.

Preservation of the Peace (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109.

Salmon Fishery (England)

Act.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 46.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124.

23 & 24 Vict.

c. 138.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 118.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121.

How far temporary.

Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions.

Whole Act

1st October 1866, and End of then next Session.

Whole Act

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.) - 31st December 1866 -(24 & 25 Vict. c. 65.)

Whole Act

1st August 1865, and End of then next Session.

(24 & 25 Vict. c. 57.) As to Powers of 1st January 1866, and Commissioners. End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

As to Appointment of Commissioners, &c.

As to Appointment of Commissioners, &c.

Whole Act

WTiole Act VThole Act

23d July 1866, and End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

23d July 1866, and End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 105.)

1st August 1866, and End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

1st August 1866, and End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

1st January 1866, and End of then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

Whole Act

As to Appointment of Inspectors, s. 31.

1st July 1866, and End nf then next Session.

(28 & 29 Vict. c. 118.) 1st October 1866 (28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.)

As to Appointment of the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries.

3 H 3

5th July End of Session.

1867, and then next

5.

Continued until.

1st October 1867 and End of then next Session.

31st December 1867.

1st August 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st January 1867, and End of then next Session.

23d July 1867, and End of then next Session.

23d July 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st August 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st August 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st January 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st July 1867, and End of then next Session.

1st October 1867, and End of then next Session.

Cap. 102. 103. Expiring Laws Continuance.

29 & 30 VICT *

1. Original Acts. 2. Amending Acts. 3. How far temporary. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. 26 & 27 Vict. As to Powers of 1st January 1867 1st January 1868,

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) c. 50. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 118. Commissioners, &c. (28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.) and End of then next Session.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes. Whole Act 28th July 1866, and End of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 105.) 28th July 1867, and End of then next Session.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. Salmon Fisheries (Ireland). 1 As to Duration of Office of the Special Commissioners for Irish Fisheries, and all Powers, Bights, and Privileges pertaining thereto. 28th July 1866, and End of then next Session. (28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.) 28th July 1867, and End of then next Session.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). Whole Act 13th May 1866, and End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 20.) 13th May 1867, and End of then next Session.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 92. Public Schools. Whole Act 1st August 1866 (28 & 29 Vict. c. 119.) 1st August 1867, and End of then next Session.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. Whole Act 1st October 1866 (28 & 29 Vict. c. 46.) 1st October 1867.

Cap. cm.

An Act to amend an Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland: Be

it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. The following Terms in this Act have the Meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

* c Lord Lieutenant" means the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland:

" Members of the Constabulary Force" means Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, Assistant Inspectors General, Commandant of the Depot, Surgeon, and every County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Barrack Master of the Depot, Head Constable, Constable, Acting Constable, and Sub-Constable of Constabulary in Ireland:

((Head and other Constables" means every Head Constable, Constable, Acting Constable, and Sub-Constable of Constabulary in Ireland,

2. It

1866. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Cap. 103.

2. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to fix and appoint such revised annual Salaries as to him may from Time to Time seem proper, not exceeding" the several Sums hereinafter specified, to be paid in such Manner and subject to such Regulations and Provisions as he may direct, to the several Persons herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

1. To each County Inspector of the First Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding Three hundred Pounds:

2. To each County Inspector of the Second Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding Two hundred and seventy Pounds:

3. To each Sub-Inspector of the First Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding Two hundred Pounds:

4. To each Sub-Inspector of the Second Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds:

5. To each Sub-Inspector of the Third Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding One hundred and twenty-five Pounds:

6. To each Head Constable Major, an annual Salary not exceeding Eighty Pounds Four Shillings:

7. To the Head Constable of the First Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding Seventy Pounds Four Shillings:

8. To Twelve Head Constables of the First Class, of long

Service or superior Merit, but ineligible for further Promotion, an Addition to their respective Salaries of Ten Pounds per Annum each, making their total Salaries respectively Eighty Pounds Four Shillings per Annum each:

9. To each Head Constable of the Second Class, an annual

Salary not exceeding Sixty one Pounds Two Shillings:

10. To Twelve Head Constables of the Second Class, of long Service or superior Merit, but ineligible for further Promotion, an Addition of Ten Pounds per Annum, making their total Salaries respectively Seventy-one Pounds Two Shillings per Annum:

11. To each Constable, an annual Salary not exceeding Forty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings:

12. To Fifteen Constables, of long Service or superior Merit, but ineligible for Promotion, an Addition of Four Pounds per Annum each, making their total Salaries Fifty-three Pounds Eight Shillings per Annum each:

13. To each Acting Constable, an annual Salary not exceeding Forty-four Pounds Four Shillings:

14. To each Sub-Constable under Six Months Service, an annual Salary not exceeding Thirty-one Pounds Four Shillings:

15. To each Sub-Constable of Six Months and under Six Years Service, an annual Salary not exceeding Thirty-six Pounds Eight Shillings:

16. To each Sub-Constable of Six Years and under Twelve Years Service, an annual Salary of Thirty-nine Pounds:

U. To

643

Power to Lord Lieutenant to fix revised Salaries for Constabulary Force.

Long-Service Allowances to "be discontinued.

Deduction of 2l. per Cent, for Superannuation Fund to cease.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to superannuate Head and other Constables.

Power to Treasury, on Recommendation of Lord Lieutenant, to superannuate

Cap. 103. Constabulary Force (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

17. To each Sub-Constable of Twelve Years and under Twenty Years Service, an annual Salary of Forty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings:

18. To each Sub-Constable of Twenty Years Service and upwards, an annual Salary of Forty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings:

Such increased Salaries to take effect from and after the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to be in addition to the Good-Service Pay at present authorized, viz., to Five County Inspectors, Fifty Pounds per Annum each; to Six Sub-Inspectors of the First Class, Thirty Pounds per Annum each; and to Twenty-three Sub-Inspectors, whether of the Second or Third Class, Twelve Pounds per Annum each; such increased Salaries to be payable to such Persons only as had not ceased to be Members of the Constabulary Force before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six:

Provided always, that from the Date at which Payments at the Rates herein-before mentioned shall take effect, all Long-Service Allowances received before the passing of this Act by any Member of the Constabulary Force shall be discontinued, with the Exception of the Sub-Inspectors of the Second Class transferred from the Revenue Police to the Constabulary, or any other Sub-Inspectors of the Second Class at any Time in receipt of Thirty-six Pounds per Annum Long-Service Pay, who shall be paid at the Kate of their present Salaries with their present Long-Service Pay, until promoted to the Rank of Sub-Inspector of the First Class, when they shall be paid at the same Rate as the other Sub-Inspectors of that Class are authorized to be paid under this Act.

3. And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth and c Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty (Chapter c One hundred). Regulations were made for the Formation of c a Superannuation Fund for the Constabulary Force by a Deduction of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum from the c Salary of each Member of such Force:' Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act such Deduction for such Superannuation Fund shall cease to be made.

. 4. And whereas it is expedient that the existing System of r Superannuation Allowances to the Constabulary Force should (be revised, so far as relates to Members of the said Force appointed after the passing of this Act Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, under the Conditions herein-after mentioned, to direct that any Head or other Constable so appointed may be superannuated, and receive a Gratuity or yearly Pension, not exceeding the Proportion of his Salary stated in the Scale herein-after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, upon the Recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant, to direct that any Officer of the Constabulary Force, that is to say, any Inspector General,

Deputy

1866. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Cap. 103.

Deputy Inspector General, Assistant Inspector General, Commandant of the Depot, Surgeon, County Inspector, Barrack Master of the Depot, or Sub-Inspector, appointed after the passing of this Act, may be superannuated, and may receive a Gratuity or yearly Pension, not exceeding the Proportion of his Salary stated in the Scale herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

1. A Gratuity of One Month's Pay for each Year's Service

after Pive Years and less than Fifteen Years:

2. On Completion of Fifteen Years Service an annual Pension of Fifteen Fiftieths of the Pay may be granted, and an Increase of One Fiftieth for each successive Year up to Thirty Years Service completed:

3. After Thirty Years Service, or after the Person to be

superannuated has attained the Age of Sixty Years, the Pension to be equal to Thirty Fiftieths of the Pay, or a larger Proportion in Cases of extraordinary Merit or good Conduct:

4. For Injuries received at any Time in the actual Performance of Duty a Pension for Life may be granted of an Amount in proportion to the Injury received, but not exceeding the full Pay; the Grounds of Disability to be carefully investigated and fully set forth in the Authority granting the Pension.

5. No such Pension, Retiring Allowance, or Gratuity shall be granted in any Case, except on the Certificate of the Surgeon of the Force, or such other competent Medical Officer or Officers as the Lord Lieutenant shall name for the Purpose, that the Party is, from mental or bodily Incapacity, unable to perform his Duty any longer, and the Certificate of the Inspector General (or in the Case of the Inspector General's Superannuation, then on the Certificate of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant,) that he has served with Diligence and Fidelity; provided that any Member of the Force who shall have attained the Age of Sixty Years or upwards may, upon his Petition, be superannuated without such Medical Certificate.

6. Such Pension or Retiring Allowance shall be granted only upon the Condition that it becomes forfeited and may be withdrawn by the Lord Lieutenant in any of the following Cases:

1. On Conviction of the Grantee for any indictable Offence:

2. On his knowingly associating with suspected Persons,

Thieves, or other Offenders:

3. On his refusing to give Information and Assistance to

the Police whenever in his Power for the Detection and Apprehension of Criminals, and for the Suppression of any Disturbance of the Public Peace:

4. If he enter into or continue to carry on any Business,

Occupation, or Employment which shall be, in the Opinion of the Lord Lieutenant, disgraceful or injurious to the Public, or in which he shall make use of the Fact

645

Officers of Porce.

Scale of Superannuation.

Conditions of Superannuation.

Pension liable to be forfeited for Misconduct.

Saving the Eights of the Officers and Men of the Constabulary Force in Ireland appointed before the passing of this Act.

Increase of Deduction for Reward Fund.

Application of Reward Fund.

Cap. 103. Constabulary Force (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

of Ixis former Employment in the Police Force in a

Manner which the Lord Lieutenant considers to be discreditable and improper:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall entitle any Member of the Constabulary Force absolutely to any Superannuation Allowance, nor prevent him from being dismissed or discharged for Misconduct or other sufficient Cause without Superannuation Allowance.

7. And whereas it is expedient that the present Members of the Constabulary Force should continue to be entitled to receive Retiring Allowances calculated upon the Scale, of Superannuation and Rates of Pay existing before the passing of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred, intituled An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police, shall apply to the Members of the Constabulary Force in Ireland appointed before the passing of this Act as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been passed.

8. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, a Fund was established called The Police Reward Fund," to be raised in part by 4 a Deduction of Ten Shillings per Cent, on the Salary of each Member of the Force:' Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Deduction shall be increased to Thirty Shillings per Cent on such Salaries, and a Deduction not exceeding Twenty Shillings per Cent, shall also be made on the Pensions of all Members of the Force superannuated after the passing of this Act, who, on their Retirement from active Service, shall give Notice to the Receiver of their Desire to keep up their Subscription to the said Reward Fund for the Benefit of their Widows and Children; all such Deductions to be paid to the said Police Reward Fund, and form Part thereof.

9# 4 And whereas by the Seventh Section of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty,

4. Chapter One hundred, the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are empowered to direct the Application of any Surplus of the Reward Fund to the Payment of Pensions, Superannuations, and Allowances to Members of the Constabulary Force:' Be it enacted, That any Surplus now remaining of the said Fund, or which may thereunto hereafter accrue, shall not be applied in the Manner aforesaid, anything in the said Section to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Reward Fund shall be available for the Reward of meritorious Members of the Constabulary Force, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of the Members of such Force, under such Regulations as the Lord Lieutenant may from Time to Time make.

10. And

1866. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Cap. 103.

10. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant (if he shall so think fit), to order and direct that One Shilling per Week shall be added to the Pay of the Mounted Men of the Constabulary Force, and also to the Pay of the Head and other Constables stationed at Belfast, with a view to meet the extra Expense for Lodging and Living to which the Men serving in that Town are exposed as compared with the Remainder of the Force.

11. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Town Inspector of Belfast shall receive in lieu of Long-Service Pay discontinued by this Act a Sum of Fifty Pounds a Year in addition to the Salary which under the Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865, is to be paid by the Borough of Belfast, making his total Salary from both Sources Four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum.

12. Section Four of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where One Moiety of the Costs and Expenses of any Constabulary Force is chargeable to any County, or any Part or District of a County, or any County of a City or County of a Town, or Borough or Town, in Ireland, there shall be charged to each such County, or Part or District thereof, or County of a City or County of a Town, or any such Borough or Town>per Annum,

For each Sub-Inspector One Moiety of the Sum of One hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Threepence:

For each Head Constable One Moiety of the Sum of Seventy-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sevenpence:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to fix and determine the further Rates of Charge to be paid by every such County or Part or District thereof, or County of a City or County of a Town, or Borough or Town, on an average of the entire Force of Constables, Acting Constables, and Sub-Constables in Ireland, regard being had to the increased Rates of Pay sanctioned by this Act, and to the Cost of Clothing, Medical Attendance, Barrack Accommodation, and extra Pay of such Constables and other Constables when absent from Quarters.

And in all Cases where, under the Laws now in force, the whole of the Costs and Expenses of any Constabulary Force is chargeable to any County, or any Part or District of a County, or any County of a City or County of a Town, or any Borough or Town, in Ireland, there shall be charged to each such County, or Part or District of such County, or County of a City, County of a Town, Borough, or Town, per Annum, the full Cost of such Constabulary Force, calculated in the Manner last mentioned.

13 From

647

Additional Pay of Mounted Men, and of those performing Duty in Belfast.

Town Inspector of Belfast to receive additional Pay.

Bate of Charge on Counties, Boroughs, and Towns for extra Constabulary Force.

Bate of Charge upon Public Companies for Constabulary Protection.

Extra Eorce how to be charged.

Reduction of Charge in case of Vacancies.

Provision in case of Abolition of Office of Constabulary Receiver.

Cap. 103, 104. Constabulary Force (Ireland). 29 & 30 VICT.

13. From and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where Members of the Constabulary Force shall be required to keep the Peace in the Neighbourhood of Railway Works or other Public Works in Ireland, the Costs and Expenses of such Members, calculated in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall be charged upon the Company or other Parties carrying on such Railway or other Public Works.

14. From and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where under the Laws now in force, the Quota of Men fixed for any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Borough by " The Constabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865," shall be increased by an extra Force, whether as a permanent Augmentation or as a temporary Addition thereto. One Moiety of the Costs and Expenses of such extra Force, ascertained in the Manner herein-before provided, shall be charged to and be payable by such County, County of a City, County of a Town, or Borough: Provided always, that in case Vacancies shall occur in the said Force so augmented, there shall be deducted from the Number of such extra Force to be charged as aforesaid as many Constables as shall bear the same Proportion to the whole Number of Vacancies in the said augmented Force that the extra Force bears to the whole Number of such augmented Force.

15. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to make such Arrangements for the Regulation or Abolition of the Office of Receiver of the Constabulary, and for the Transfer of the Powers vested in him, and for the Transfer and Regulation of the Duties assigned to him by virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirteen, and of subsequent Acts, as they shall from Time to Time consider expedient, anything in the said Act or subsequent Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of Bonds issued for the Repayment of Advances made out of Public Funds for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed by the General Assembly of New Zealand in Twenty-seventh Year of Her present Majesty, intituled, The New Zealand Loan Act of 1863, e Provision was made for borrowing on Bond, Debenture, or otherwise. Sums of Money not exceeding Three million c Pounds Sterling, which Sums, and the Interest thereon, were ' by the said Act charged on the ordinary Revenue of New c Zealand as therein set forth:

And whereas the Agents appointed by Authority of the said Act to borrow the aforesaid Sums of Money have, by Direction of the Government of New Zealand, issued and placed in the

Hands

649

1866, New Zealand. Cap. 104.

Hands of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury ' Debentures to the Amount of Five hundred thousand Pounds f Sterling, which Debentures are held by the said Commissioners c as collateral Security for the Repayment of certain Sums of c Money due from the Government of New Zealand to Her Majesty's Exchequer:

And whereas, in order to make the said Debentures availa-c ble, it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be c empowered to guarantee the due Payment of the Principal and Interest of the said Debentures

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the Signature of their Assistant Secretary to guarantee, either absolutely or subject to such Conditions as they shall think fit, the Payment of the Principal Sums and Interest which may from Time to Time become due from the Government of New Zealand on the aforesaid Debentures, being of the Numbers and Amount specified in the Schedule to this Act; and in case any Failure shall take place in the regular Payment of the said Principal and Interest, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause to be paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland such Sums as may from Time to Time be required to make good such Failure.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days next after the beginning of every Session, an Account of all Sums from Time to Time issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Act towards making good any such Failure as aforesaid, and also an Account of all Sums repaid by or recovered from the Colony of New Zealand by reason of such Issue* with the Interest paid or recovered thereon.

3. And whereas by an Act of the General Assembly of c New Zealand passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Governor to establish 6 Settlements for Colonization in the Northern Island of New c Zealand, Provision was made for the Proclamation of certain c Districts within the said Colony, and for setting apart within e such Districts eligible Sites for Settlements for Colonization,

and for other Matters therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Provisions of the said Act, or

some of them, may not be void by reason of their Repugnancy 6 to the Third Section of an Act of Parliament of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act c to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand:' Be it enacted as follows: Nothing in the said Act to enable the Governor to establish Settlements for Colonization in the

Power to Treasury to guarantee Principal and Interest of Debentures.

Account of all Sums issued under Authority of this Act to be laid before Parliament.

Nothing in recited Act of New Zealand rendered void on account of any Repugnancy to Sect. 3. of 20 & 21 Vict. c. 51.

New Zealand.

27 & 28 Vict. c, 82. repealed.

Cap. 104, 105.

29 & 30 Vict *

Northern Island of New Zealand shall be or be deemed to have been void or inoperative on account of any Repugnancy to any of the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act of Parliament or of this Act.

4. The Act passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of a Loan for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand, is hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

Debentures bearing Interest at the Rate of Four per Cent, per Annum redeemable in Fifty Years from the 1st November 1865.

Nos. of Bonds.

1 to 200 = 200 Bonds of 001,000 = £200,000

1, 001 to 1, 300 = 300 Bonds of 500 = 150,000

2, 251 to 2, 625 = 375 Bonds of 200 = 75,000

501 to 1, 250 = 750 Bonds of 100 = 75,000

Total - £500,000

CAP. CV.

Continuance of Acts, except those hereafter named.

54 G. 3. c. lxxxv.

55 G. 3. c. XC.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provision concerning Turnpike Roads.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited Times ' the Acts herein-after specified, and to make further

Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime continues the same; but every other Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-five," for en-cc larging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present £C Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford in the County of " Berks, to Ledford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County c£ of Wiltsan Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Ninety, ££ for continuing and amending an

" Act

651

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Cap. 105.

" Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Hoads " leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford and other ts Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Hoad from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill in the " County of Hertfordan Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Three," for more effectually " repairing, widening, amending, and improving the Hoads from " Wigan to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancasteran Act of the Fourth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and six," for more effectually repairing and improving the Hoads leading from Whitechapel Church in the " County of Middlesex unto Passingford Bridge, and through " and to the End of the several Parishes or Places of Shenfield and Woodford in the County of Essex, and for other " Purposes relating theretoan Act of the Seventh iand Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-six," for repairing the Hoad from the High Bridge in Spalding " to Tydd Goat in the County of Lincoln, and other Hoads in Cc the same Countyan Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one, "for more effectually " repairing the Hoad from Christopher s Bndge in the Borough " of The ford in the County of Suffolk to the North-east End " of the Town of Newmarket in the County of Cambridgean Act of the same Year, Chapter Seventy-five," for repairing the " Road from Scole Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds in the " County of Suffolkan Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, "for more effectually " repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through " Off ham, to Witch Cross; from the Cliffe near Lewes, through " UcJfield, to Witch Cross; and from the said Cliffe, through " Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green; all in the County of Sussexan Act of the First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-five, "for repairing and " maintaining the Road leading from the High Road between " Bromley and Farnborough in the County of Kent to Beggar s " Bush in the Turnpike Hoad leading from Tonbridge Wells to " Maresfield in the County of Sussexan Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Nineteen, "for repairing the Hoad from the Bridge on the old " River at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the County of Suffolk an Act of the same Years, Chapter Twenty-two, "for more " effectually repairing and improving the Road between the " City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge in the " County of Durham an Act of the Second Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-five, "for better maintaining certain Hoads within the County of Salop called "The Shawbury District of Hoads;" an Act of the Third Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Nine, "for repairing the Roads from near Monk Bridge near York to New " Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, and from Spittle " House to Scarborough, all in the County of York an Act of

3 12 the

3 G. 4. c. iii.

4 G* 4. c. cvi.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lvi.

9 G. 4. c. li.

9 G. 4. c. lxxv.

11 G. 4. & 1 W. 4. c. lxxxii.

1 W. 4. c. xlv.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xix.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xxii.

2 & 3 W.4.

C. IXXV.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. ix.

652

3 & 4 W. 4. c. xii.

3 & 4 W.4. c. xliv.

3 & 4 W.4, c. xcix.

(in part).

4 & 5 W. 4. c. lxxxix.

13 & 14 Vict. C. lxxxvii.

A mendment of Provisions of 4 G. 4. c. 95. respecting Toll Houses which have become useless.

Cap. 105. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 VICT.

the same Year* Chapter Twelve, "for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Wendover to the End of " Oak Lane, and from the River Colne for Half a Mile towards " Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks an Act of the same

" Year, Chapter Forty-four," for more effectually repairing " the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and " from Beadles Hill to Lind field, all in the County of Sussex an Act of the same Year, Chapter Ninety-nine," for improving " the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the " Watling Street Road in the County of Salop" so far as relates to the Wellington District; an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-nine, "to " continue, alter, and amend an Act of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more " effectually repairing and improving the Middlesex and Essex " Turnpike Roads; to provide for the rebuilding of Bow " Bridge in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, the improving " of the several other Bridges upon the said Roads; and for " other Purposes relating theretoand an Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-seven," for more effectually repairing and improving " the Road from Rochdale, through Bamford and Birtle, to " Bury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the " County Palatine of Lancaster"

2. c Whereas by the Provisions of an Act of the Fourth ' Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ' Fourth, Chapter Ninety-five, the Trustees or Commissioners of ' a Turnpike Road are prohibited from selling Toll Houses not ' required for the Purposes of the Road, and are bound to pull the same down, and to sell the Materials thereof: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Provisions f Be it enacted as follows:

1. If the Road would be improved by the Addition thereto

of the whole or any Part of the Site of the Toll House, or of any Garden or Land belonging thereto, then the Trustees or Commissioners of the Road shall, instead of selling the whole or such Part (as the Case may require), cause the same to be added to the Road, and shall cause any Building standing on the Ground so added to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be sold and removed:

2. Where the Trustees or Commissioners of a Turnpike Road

are authorized to sell the Site of a Toll House, they may, notwithstanding anything contained in the last-mentioned Act, sell the Toll House and other Buildings standing on such Site, unless required to pull them down by the Person to whom a Right of Pre-emption is given by any Acts relating to Turnpike Roads. Subject as aforesaid, the Provisions of the said Act relating to the selling of Toll Houses shall be of the same Force as if this Act had not passed.

3. This

653

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Cap. 105.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as <c The Annual silort TltIe-Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1866."

SCHEDULE.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the 42 3* c- v#

Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate in the Isle of Thanet in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying for a limited Time so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of 51 G. 3. c. cvim His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Claydon to the Bury St. Edmund's Road, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye and Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury 52 G. 3. c.lxxxi. in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to 53 Or. 3- c-the Rugby Turnpike Road in the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of 53 Or, 3- c-His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present 53 G. 3. c.xxv. Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the County of York, through Barnard Castle and Bishop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge in the County of Durham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the 53 G. 3. c. xli. Horseshoe Corner in Godmanchester in the County of Huntingdon to the South-east End of Castle Street in the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of 53 G. 3 *

King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, c> clxxXYm* for amending the Road from Maidstone in the County of Kent to Tubb's Lake in the Parish of Cranbrook in the said County.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present 54 G. 3. Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunstable to Hockliffe c* cxxl, in the County of Bedford.

An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Lloyds in the 54 G. 3.

Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford to the Turnpike c- CXXIV *

Road leading from Olney to Newport Pagnell in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Jesus 55 G. 3. e. xlix. Lane in the Town of Cambridge to Newmarket Heath in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four Acts 55 G. 3. c. lxii. of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading

56 G. 3. c. xxxi.

56 G. 3. c.xxxiii.

56 G. 3. c. lii.

56 G. 3. c.lxYiii.

57 G. 3. c. xxvi.

57 G. 3. c. xhd.

57 G. 3. c.lxviii.

58 G. 3. c. iif

58 G. 3. c. v.

58 G. 3.e, xxxix.

58 Go 3, c. xliii.

Cap. 105. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 2 9 & 30 VICT.

from Fisherton, Wilton, Heytesbury, and other Places in the County of Wilts; and for diverting the Line of Part of the said Roads.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Roads leading from the Town of Leominster in the County of Hereford.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bowes in the County of York to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge in the County of Durham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Biggleswade to Alconbury Hill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close in the County of the City of Norwich to the Chalk Pits near Thetford in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for amending the Roads leading from Basingstoke near Bagshot, through Farnham in the County of Surrey, and Alton and New Alresford, to Winchester in the County of Southampton.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road in the Parish of Greetham in the County of Rutland.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to the Old North Road, near Arrington Bridge in the County of Cambridge.

An Act to continue the Terms and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of York to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for continuing' and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Fam-hurst Lane to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, to Pickwick, and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton, and from the East End of the said Bridge to join the Road at Draycot Cerae in the County of Wilts.

An

1866. Turnpike Jets Continuance. Cap. 105.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Beckhampton and other Roads in the said Act mentioned in the County of Wilts.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate in the Road leading to Farringdon in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford District of the said Roads.

An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the several Roads round the City of Bristol, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of King George the Second and His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington into the Road from Wigan to Ashton in Ashton in Mackerfield in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from Devizes in the County of Wilts.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the Road from near the Place where the Broil Park Gate formerly stood to the Horsebridge Turnpike Road on the Dicker, and from the Blacksmith's Shop in Horsebridge Street to the Town of Battle in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newark-up on-Trent in the County of Nottingham to join the Road from Nottingham to Grantham in the County of Lincoln near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham in the said County of Nottingham.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the Road from Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey to Newbridge in the County of Sussex.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and amending the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester to Maidstone in the County of Kent; and for amending and improving the Road branching from the said Road at the Bridgewood

Gates

655-

58 G. 3. c.lxxxii.

59 G. 3. c. lxxxiv.

59 G. 3. c. xcv. 59 G. 3. c.cxxii.

1 G. 4. c. vi.

1 G. 4. c. xiv.

1 G. 4. c. lxix.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xxvii.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xxx.

1 & 2 G. 4.

C. XXXV.

l&2G.4. c.xl.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lvi.

1 & 2 G. 4. C. lxxxiv.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxvi.

3 G. 4. c. ii.

3G. 4. c.xxxix.

3 G. 4. c. xlvii.

3 G. 4. c. xlviii.

3 G. 4. c. lii.

3 G. 4. c. lxix.

3 G. 4. c. xc.

Cap. 05. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 VICT.

Gates, and running into the Town of Chatham in the said County of Kent.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road near Ropley in the County of Southampton.

An Act for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road between Alnwick and Rothbury to Jockey's Dike Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road near the Town of Weston-on-the-Green in the County of Oxford to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green in the said County.

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from Chepstow and other Places in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, called the District of Chepstow and the New Passage District.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying for a further limited Time so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty as relates to the Toll Gate and to the Tolls payable by virtue of the said Act on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet in the said County of Kent; and for altering the Line of certain Parts of the said Road.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post in Upton Field in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford to a Place in the Parish of Preston in the County of Gloucester called Dancy's Fancy.

An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, through Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthom, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to Northwich in the County Palatine of Chester.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks to Basingstoke in the County of Southampton.

An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun Rising, at the Top of Edge Hill in the County of Warwick.

An

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Cap. 105. 657

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from 3 G. 4. c. xciii. the Stone Pillar or Cross Hand in the Parish of Chippenham in the County of Wilts to or near to Knox Bridge in the Parish of Westerleigh in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of Three several 3 G. 4. c.xcvii. Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead to the May Pole at the Upper End of Spital or Somerset Street in the Parish of Stoke near the Town of Guldeford in the County of Surrey.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the 3 G. 4. c. c. Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpe to Welford Bridge, all in the County of Northampton.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and im- 4 G. 4. c, xii. proving the Roads from Union Point near Uckfield to the Sea Houses in Eastbourne, and from Horsebridge to Cross in Hand, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from the 4 G. 4. c. xv. Town of Stockbridge to the City of Winchester, and from the said City of Winchester to the Top of Stephens Castle Down near the Town of Bishops Waltham in the County of Southampton, and from the said City of Winchester, through Otter-borne, to Bar Gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and certain Roads adjoining thereto.

An Act for repairing and improving diver3 Roads in the 4 G. 4. c. xlvii. Counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in Three Districts, called the Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton [and Honnington District.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act of 4 G. 4. c. lvi. His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgford Lane in the County of Nottingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the County of Northampton.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Roads from 4 G. 4. c. lxxxi. Dover to Barham Downs, and from Dover to the Town of Folkestone, and from thence through the Parish of Folkestone to Sandgate in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from 4 G. 4- c- cviii. Beaconsfield in the County of Buckingham to Stoken Church in the County of Oxford.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from 4 G.4- c. cxi. Wansford Bridge in the County of Northampton to Stamford, and from Stamford to Bourn in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Oxdown Gate in 4 G. 4. c. cxx. Popham Lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the

Hundred

658 Cap. 105. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 VICT.

5 G. 4. c. Yiii.

5 G. 4. c. xi.

5 G. 4. c. xvi.

5 G. 4, c. xliii.

6 G. 4. c. xi.

6 G. 4. c. xxviii.

6 G. 4. c. liii.

6 G. 4. c. lxxxi.

6G.4. c.lxxxiv.

6 G. 4. c. xci.

6 G. 4. c. chiii.

7 G. 4. c. xxiv.

Hundred at Hornsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling in the County of Southampton, and from the said Turnpike Road at Romsey, through Ringwood in the said County, to Longham Bridge and Wimborne Minster in the County of Dorset.

An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads leading from the Town of Newent in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Marehill in the Parish of Pulborough, through Shipley, to the Direction Post on the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning at Southwater in the Parish of Horsham, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone-bridge in the County of Warwick.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Midhurst in the County of Sussex to the London and Portsmouth Turnpike Road between the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Milestones near Sheet Bridge in the County of Southampton.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the Road from Wooler to the Great North Turnpike Road at or near to Adderstone Lane in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for repairing the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittle-gate in the Parish of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End in the same County.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and the Road branching from the said Road at or near a certain Place in the Lordship of Barkby in the said County, called the Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Trebarwith Sands on the Sea Shore to Condolden Bridge on the Road leading from Bossiney to Camelford, all in the County of Cornwall.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from Tavistock to New Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon; and for making Diversions to communicate therewith.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate in the Town and Borough of New Malton to the Town of Pickering in the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Littlegate at the Top of Leadenham Hill in the County of

Lincoln

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Cap. 105. 659

Lincoln to Newark-upon-Trent, and from Newark-upon-Trent to Mansfield, and from Southwell to the South End of the Town of Oxton in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing certain 7 G. 4. c. lxxviii. Roads leading into and from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester towards the Cities of Gloucester and Worcester, and the Towns of Cheltenham, Stow-on-the-Wold, Evesham, and Pershore, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from White- 7 G.4. c.cxxvi. cross in the Parish of Leven in Holderness in the East Riding of the County of York to the Town of Beverley in the said County.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from 7 G. 4. c. cxxxi. Sudbury in the County of Suffolk to Bury St. Edmunds in the said County.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from 7 G. 4. c. cxxxv. the Willersley Turnpike Road near Par ton to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and 7 & 8 G. 4. improving the Road from Cosham in the County of South- c-yiii* ampton to the City of Chichester.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the 7 & 8 G.4. c.xv. Roads from the Buck's Head at Watling Street to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton; and for making a new Branch of Road from a Place called Ball's Hill in the Parish of Dawley adjoining or near to the said Roads, to or near to a Place called Lawley in the Parish of Wellington, all in the County of Salop.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the 7 & 8 G. 4. City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the c- XYif Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle- 7 & 8 G. 4. brook in the Parish of Stretton-on-the-Fosse, and from Warwick c*XXVI* to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester.

An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining in repair 7 & 8 G.4.C. li. the Road between the Point at which the Great Roads from the City of Carlisle to the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow respectively separate, and Westlinton Bridge in the County of Cumberland.

An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hill- 7 & 8 G.4. c.liv. morton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the Parish of Duston in the County of Northampton.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging 7 & 8 G.4. c.lx. the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar on Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from

Norman

Cjj OO^lC

660

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lxxiii.

7 & 8 G. 4.

c. lxxiv.

9 G. 4. c. x.

9 G. 4. c. xviii.

9 G. 4. c. xxxiv.

9 G. 4. c. xxxvi.

9 G. 4. c. xlv.

9G.4. c.lxxviii.

10 G. 4. c. xx.

10 G. 4. c. xxi.

10 G. 4. c. xxiv.

10 G. 4. c. liii.

Cap. 105. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 VICT.

Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Creed to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Trethim Mill, in the County of Cornwall.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South-east End of the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge in the same County.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Foots-cray, by Wrotham Heath, to Maidstone, and from the said Road into the Road from Mereworth to Hadlow, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at Wrotham Heath to Teston, and from the said Road from Mereworth to Hadlow to Saint Leonard's Street in the Parish of West Mailing, all in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing the Road from Spernal Ash in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to Birmingham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to the Wadesmill Turnpike Road in the Parishes of Great Chishill and Little Chishill in the County of Essex, and from the said Town of Cambridge to Royston in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said Road, at or near Beech Lane in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge in the County of York.

An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone in the County of Surrey.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Harlow Bush Common in the Parish of Harlow in the County of Essex to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the same County, and for making and maintaining Two new Lines of Road communicating therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair' the Road from Maidstone to Key Street in the Parishes of Borden # and Bobbing in the County of Kent

An Act for repairing the Road from the East End of the Town of Newmarket over Newmarket Heath to the Turnpike Road to Stump Cross in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road

near

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance, Cap. 105.

near the Devil's Ditch on Newmarket Heath to the present Turnpike Road to Cambridge.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Tonbridge to Maidstone in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Bilston in the County of Stafford.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate in Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcott in the County of Rutland.

An Act for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads called "The Blue Vein and Bricker's Barn Turnpike Roads" in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and for more effectually repairing and improving the same.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads to and from Longtown, and certain other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cumberland.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge to the Division Stone on Witham Common in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road leading from Walsall to Muckley Corner near Lichfield, and other Roads, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for repairing the Road from Burton Bridge in the County of Stafford to Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester.

An Act for repairing the Road from Measham in the County of Derby to Fieldon Bridge in the County of Warwick, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

An Act for repairing the Watling Street Road, the Man-cester and Wolvey Heath Road, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick.

An Act for maintaining the Road from Enfield Chase in the County of Middlesex to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from the South-east End of the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge in the same County.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the several Roads from the Southgate in the Borough of King's Lynn into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Borough of King's Lynn, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a new Line of Road at Castle Rising, all in the County of Norfolk.

661

10 G. 4. c. lxii. 10 Gr. 4. c.lxxvi.

10 G. 4.

c. lxxviii.

10 G. 4.

c. lxxxiii.

11 G. 4.&

1 W. 4. c. ix.

11 G. 4. &

1 W' 4\. c. lxxxiii.

11 G. 4.&

I W. 4. c. xc.

II G. 4. &

1 W. 4. c. cvi.

1 W. 4. c. x.

1 W. 4. c. xii.

1 W. 4. c. xiv.

1 W. 4. c. lx.

1 W. 4. c. lxvii.

1 & 2 W. 4.

C. XX.

1 & 2 w. 4. c. xxi.

662

1 & 2 W. 4. c. lxiv.

2 & 3 W.4, c. xvi.

2 & 3 W.4.

C. XX.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. xxxiv.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. liii.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. lxxi.

2 & 3 W.4, c. lxxii.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. xcviii.

3 & 4W. 4.

C. XV.

3 & 4 W.4, c. xvi,

3 & 4 W.4.

C« XXXIX»

3 & 4 W.4, c. xli.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. xliii.

3 & 4 W.4. c. lv.

Cap. 105. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 VICT.

An Act for the more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Sunderland near the Sea in the County of Durham to the City of Durham.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road, leading to Stow in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerford Gate in the County of Oxford to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the same.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Doncaster to Bawtry in the County of

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Sessions House in the Town of Buckingham to Hanwell in the County of Oxford.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing the First District of the Road from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford and City and County of the City of Lichfield. '

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Ternhill to Newport in the County of Salop.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to the Windmill in the Town of Watton in the County of Norfolk, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford-upon-Avon in the County of Warwick.

An Act for more effectually repairing, altering, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from Ber Street Gates in the City of Norwich to New Buckenham in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for repairing the Road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and Wellesbourne Hastings in the County of Warwick.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards the City of Hereford, and also towards Newent and Newnham in the County of Gloucester, Ledbury in the County of Hereford, and Upton-upon-Severn in the County of Worcester.

An

1866. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Cap. 105.

An Act for repairing the Road from Offham to Ditchelling in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Tadcaster Bridge within the County of the City of York to Hob Moor Lane End.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge.

An Act for repairing and improving the Second District of the Road from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford in the Road leading toward Chester, and making a new Branch thereto, and also to annex to and consolidate therewith the Turnpike Road from Rugeley through Armitage to Alrewas in the County of Stafford.

An Act for improving certain Roads within the County of Hereford communicating with the City of Hereford.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Hurstperpoint to the Brighton and Cuckfield Turnpike Road at or near Ansty Cross in the Parish of Cuckfield, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham called the Ford and Lowick Turnpikes, and for making certain new Branches in the said Counties.

An Act for making Turnpike certain Highways between the Towns of Nantwich and Congleton in the County Palatine of Chester.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road in the Parish of Burbage in the County of Leicester to the Leicester Turnpike Road in or near to the Village of Narborough in the said County.

An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Roads from Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to Fifield in the County of Berks and Witney in the County of Oxford.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, through the Towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads communicating therewith.

An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of Trentham and Stone in the County of Stafford, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Trentham Inn to the Newcastle-under-Lyme and Market Drayton Turnpike Road in the same County, and another new Piece of Road in the Parish of Trentham aforesaid.

An Act for making and maintaining in repair a complete Line of Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head to the Bamesley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road at or near Red-

663

3 & 4 W. 4. c. lxxxii.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. lxxxiii.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. xcviii.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. xxviii.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. xxii.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. xxiv.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. xxvii.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. xxviii.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. lxxxix.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. ciii.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. lxii.

6 & 7 Vict. c. xxvi.

8 & 9 Vict. c. cl.

15 & 16 Vict. c. xcvii.

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Limit of Time for compulsory-Purchase of Land (Bristol).

As to Liability to Share of Halstead Mortgage Debt.

Cap. 105, 106. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 29 & 30 Vict.

brooke Plantation in the Parish of Dart on, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Beaconsfield to the River Colne, all in the County of Buckingham.

CAP. CYI.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under u The Local Government Act, 1858/' relating to the Districts of West Hartlepool, Tormoham, Harrogate, St. Leonard, Wednesfield, Aberdare, Bristol, Derby, Shrewsbury, Netherthong, Hove, New Windsor, Hanley, Burnley, and Accrington; and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home De-c partment, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secre-c taries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and c it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no e such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and other Provisions made with respect to certain Districts already under the Local Government Act aforesaid

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol, being by the Council of the said City the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the said City and County of Bristol, shall not exercise the Powers of compulsory Purchase or taking of Lands under the Provisions of the Bristol Provisional Order (in the Schedule to this Act annexed and confirmed by this Act), for the Purposes set forth and described in such Provisional Order, after the Expiration of Five Years from the Date of the passing of this Act.

3. The Fourth Section of the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1866, (Twenty-ninth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-four,) shall be taken to be and shall be read as if the following Words were added to that Section, that is to say: Provided also, that any Income arising or that may hereafter arise from the

665

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No* 3). Cap. 106.

the Corn Market House belonging to the said Board shall be applied exclusively to the Payment of the Interest and Instalments of the Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, being the Amount borrowed by the said Board on the Security of the General District Rates for the Erection of such Corn Market House.

4. 6 Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, was on the c Sixteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and

sixty-three, duly adopted by the Township of Knottingley in c the West Riding of the County of York, but no Proceedings have been taken to elect a Local Board or appoint Officers

for the Purposes of the said Act, or otherwise to carry the said Act into execution in such Township: And whereas

a Memorial numerously signed by Owners and Ratepayers c of such Township, and presented to the Secretary of State ' for the Home Department as One of Her Majesty's Principal

Secretaries of State, praying that the Resolution adopting ' the aforesaid Act be rescinded: And whereas the Population 6 of the Township being above Three thousand according to e the last Census, such Township cannot legally rescind such

Adoption by Resolution It is hereby enacted, That the aforesaid Resolution of Adoption of the Local Government Act, 1858, by the said Township of Knottingley shall be and the same is hereby rescinded.

5. The Local Board in and for the District of Wednesfield in the County of Stafford, as altered by the Provisional Order in the Schedule to this Act contained, shall be Nine in Number, of whom One Third shall go out of Office annually; and at the First Election that shall take place after the passing of this Act all the Members of the Local Board for the Wednesfield District, as now constituted, shall retire, and in their Stead Nine Members shall be elected for the said District as altered by the said Order, by the Votes of Owners of and Ratepayers in respect of Property situate within the District as so altered.

6. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

7. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures u The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1866 " (No. 3).

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. West Hartlepool. — Repealing and altering Parts of a

Local Act in force within the District.

2. Tormoham. — Alteration of the Torquay Waterworks Act,

1856, in force within the Local Boards District, and for other Purposes under the Local Government Act, 1858.

3 K 3 3. Harrogate.

Adoption of Local Government Act by Knottingley rescinded.

Wednesfield Local Board to consist of Nine Members.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

666

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

3. Harrogate. — Alteration of the Harrogate Improvement

Act, 1841, in force within the District of Harrogate.

4. St. Leonard. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local

Act in force within the District of the Local Board of St. Leonard.

5. Wednesfield.- — Altering the Boundaries of the District

of Wednesfield under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

6. Aberdare. — Separating from the District of Aberdare a

Portion thereof styled Mountain Ash.

7. Bristol. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consoli-

dation Act, 1845, within the District, for the Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements therein.

8. Derby. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation

Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health otherwise than by Agreement, for Improvements of Streets.

9. Shrewsbury. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District, for the Purchase of Lands for Market and Street Improvements therein.

10. Netherthong. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District, for the Purchase of Lands for Road Improvements.

11. Hove. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation

Act, 1845, within the District, for the Purchase of Lands for Road Improvements.

12. New Windsor. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses

Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Lands by the Board for Road Improvements.

13. Hanley. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consoli-

dation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Land by the Board for Street Improvements.

14. Burnley. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consoli-

dation Act, 1845, within the District, for the Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements.

15. Accrington. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health otherwise than by Agreement, for further Market Improvements.

WEST HARTLEPOOL.

Provisional Order for Repeal and Alteration of the West Hartlepool Local Act in force within the District of the West Hartlepool Improvement Commissioners.

Whereas the West Hartlepool Improvement Commissioners have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the limits of the West Hartlepool Improvement Act, 1854 (17 Vict. cap. 41.); and the said Commissioners acting as a

Local

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106.

Local Board, under and for the purposes of such Act, have, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, presented a petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the herein-after recited Local Act, in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such petition set forth; that is to say:—

An Act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, Queen Victoria, (17 Vict. cap. 41.) intituled " An Act for paving, lighting, watching, draining," cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of cc West Hartlepool and part of the Township of Stranton, in the County of Durham, for providing a Cemetery, and for " other purposes

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act aforesaid shall be repealed, altered, and amended as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly: —

The parts of the said Local Act, 17 Vict. cap. 41, called "The West Hartlepool Improvement Act, 1854," to be repealed (referring to the numbers of the Sections in that Act and the Acts incorporated therewith, in the copies printed by the Queen's Printers) are as follows: -

So much of Section 6 as incorporates the following Sections of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, that is to say. Sections 16, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, and 108.

Also Section 19 (except so much thereof as incorporates the following portions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847; that is to say,

" With respect to lighting the town or district " With respect to things to- be done by the Com-66 missioners by Special Order except Section " CXXXIV., and except so much of Section " CXXXVI. as requires the concurrence or " approval of the Inspector

" With

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

" With respect to the manner of making rates " authorized by the said Towns Improvement " Clauses Act, or this Act, except Section " CLXVII.

" WTth respect to the Appeal to be made against " any rate f and

" With respect to the recovery of rates.'5)

Also Sections 22, 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 30, 31, 34, 35, 36, 37, 69, 71, 72, and 73.

2. — The Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, as to

byelaws, shall extend to all byelaws made under the said herein-before recited Local Act; and all byelaws heretofore made under and by virtue of the said Local Act shall ,; notwithstanding the repeal of such parts of the Local Act, remain in full force and effect.

3. — All mortgages, contracts, and agreements made by or entered into with the Commissioners, and all rights, privileges, and obligations thereunder, shall remain in full force notwithstanding the repeal or alteration of portions of the Act authorizing the same; and all such rights, privileges, and obligations shall henceforth be enforced in like manner as if the same had been made under and by virtue of the aforesaid Local Government Act, 1858.

4. — No re-appointment shall be necessary of officers or

persons appointed by the Commissioners under the said Local Act, but such officers shall act, and all securities, contracts, and agreements given and made by them shall continue in force, as if the appointments bad been made and the securities, contracts, and agreements given and made under the said Public Health Act and the Local Government Act; and all powers under any of the parts of the said Local Act not repealed by any Act of Parliament confirming this Order may be exercised in the manner directed by the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, for the exercise of powers under those Acts respectively, and the provisions of the said last-mentioned Acts shall extend and apply to matters arising under the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act; and the said Public Health Act and Local Government Act shall be incorporated with the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act, and the purposes of the said unrepealed parts shall be taken and be deemed to be purposes of the said Public Health Act and Local Government Act.

Given under my hand this Tenth day of May 1866.

(Signed) G. Gbey.

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106. TORMOHAM.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of the Torquay Waterworks Act, 1856, in force within the District of the Tormoham Local Board of Health, and for other Purposes herein set forth. — Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Tormoham, in the County of Devon, have, in pursuance of the 77th Section of the " Local Government Act, 1858/J presented a petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of "The Torquay Waterworks Act, 1856," being an Act in force within the said district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; and also for an alteration of "The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860," and of the Tormoham Provisional Order confirmed thereby:

And whereas the Local Board aforesaid obtained, under the Provisional Order and Local Government Supplemental Act aforesaid, certain powers and privileges to enable them better to carry out the works for the supply of water to their District, and have proceeded to execute the works authorized by the said Acts, and the said District is now supplied with water by means thereof, but it has been found expedient and necessary for the better and more effectually affording and maintaining such supply of water that larger reservoirs should be constructed than were contemplated by the said Acts; and the said Local Board are now desirous of obtaining powers to purchase about fifty acres of land in addition to the lands authorized to be purchased by them under the said Acts as aforesaid, and that the said Acts should be otherwise altered as herein-after mentioned:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report duly made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the inspector appointed for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The powers contained in the said Acts enabling the said Local Board to purchase any lands by agreement as therein mentioned, not exceeding twenty-five acres altogether, shall and maybe used and exercised by the said

670

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

said Local Board for purchasing any quantity of land not exceeding fifty additional acres* in the same manner as if seventy-five acres had been originally mentioned in the said Waterworks Act instead of five acres; and the said Local Board may purchase such fifty additional acres of land, for the purpose of constructing and may construct such reservoirs in any parish or parishes, place or places* as to the said Local Board shall seem expedient and necessary.

2. — Notwithstanding the limit of time mentioned in the said 31st Section of the said Waterworks Act* and extended by the Provisional Order* confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act* 1860* the said Local Board shall have full power* without any such limit of. time* to lay down* construct* and execute all works that may be necessary for the maintenance* extension* and completion of the waterworks constructed or to be constructed by virtue of the said Waterworks Act and Provisional Order* and this Provisional Order* or of any Act relating to the Public Health.

Given under my hand this Twenty-ninth day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

HARROGATE.

Provisional Order for the Alteration of the Harrogate Improvement Act* 1841* in force within the District of Harrogate, in the County of Yorh> under the Local Government Act* 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act* 1858* has been duly adopted by the Commissioners for the Improvement of High and Low Harrogate* acting under and by virtue of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of Her present Majesty (4 Victoria* c. xvi.), intituled " An Act for improving certain " parts of the townships of Bilton with Harrogate and Pannal* " called High and Low Harrogate* in the West Riding of the County of York; for protecting the mineral springs and (C regulating the stinted pasture in the said townships

And whereas by reason of such adoption the said Local Government Act, 1858* now has the force of law in the district to which the said Improvement Act relates, and the said Commissioners thereby became the Local Board for the said District:

And whereas it appears desirable to the said Commissioners that certain clauses of the said Improvement Act should be repealed in the manner herein-after appearing* the same having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act* and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation *

company *

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106.

. company* undertakers* or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit:

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as such Local Board as aforesaid have* under the provisions of the said Local Government Act* 1858, presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying that certain clauses of the said Improvement Act may be repealed and partly altered as herein-after set forth:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters* but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now* therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act* I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* do by this Provisional Order under my hand direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order* —

1. — The following sections of the said Harrogate Improve-

ment Act (4 Vict. cap. xvi.) shall be repealed; that is to say, the 31st, 51st* 5 2d* 53d* 54th, 55th, 56th, 57th, 59th* 60th, 61st, 62d, 63d, 77th, 78th, 79th, 80th, 81st, 82d* 83d, 84th, 85th, 86th, 93d, 95th, 96th* 97th, 98th, 99th, 100th* 101st, 102d* 103d, 104th, 105th, 106th, 107th* 108th, 110th* 111th, 115th, 116th* 117th* 118th, 119th, 123d* 124th, 125th* 131st, 135th, 136th, 137th* 138th* and 139th sections of the Act aforesaid.

2. — The limit of 300 yards mentioned in the 90th section

of the said Improvement Act as the distance from the Old Sulphur Well at Low Harrogate within which it shall not be lawful to open, dig, sink, or deepen any pit or well, or open or work any mine or quarry, or make any excavation or opening, shall from henceforth be increased to the limit of 600 yards; and the said 90th section and the following (91st) section of the said Improvement Act shall henceforth be read as though the distance of 600 yards were substituted for the distance of 300 yards wherever the same is therein mentioned; and all other sections of the said Improvement Act relating to the prevention of injury to the sulphur wells or mineral springs from the working of mines, or the making of pits and wells, or similar causes, or conferring any powers upon the Commissioners in that behalf, shall be taken to have reference to such increased distance as aforesaid: Provided always, that such alteration of the said clauses shall not affect or render unlawful any act or thing heretofore lawfully done* or empower the said Commissioners to interfere with any pit, well, mine* quarry, excavation* or opening heretofore lawfully existing at a greater distance than 300 yards from the said

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

said Old Sulphur Well, so long as the same is continued in its present state and condition, and shall not be altered or further dealt with in any manner so as to contravene the provisions of the said Improvement Act.

3. — The provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, and the subsequent Acts incorporated therewith, relating to the audit of the accounts of the Local Board, shall apply to the accounts of the monies received and expended by the said Commissioners in the execution of the said Improvement Act, so far as the same remains unrepealed, and of the Local Government Act, so far as the same is incorporated therewith.

4. — It shall henceforth be lawful for the said Commissioners,

for the purposes of the said Improvement Act, and of the Local Government Act, 1858, to exercise all the powers of borrowing money granted to Local Boards by the 57th section of the said Local Government Act, 1858, for the purposes of that Act, and to charge any sums of money so borrowed, and the interest of the same, upon all or any of the rates and charges authorized to be made and levied by the said Improvement Act, or the Local Government Act, 1858, or other Acts incorporated therewith, subject nevertheless to the regulations and restrictions in the said 57th section contained, and to all charges heretofore lawfully made upon any such rates.

5. — For the purposes of the exercise and execution within the District of the said Harrogate Improvement Act of all the powers and provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, and every other Act incorporated therewith, and now in force within the said District, the word " Street " shall be interpreted as in the 235th section of the said Improvement Act.

6. — The repeal of the 135th section of the said Improve-

ment Act shall not in anywise prejudice or interfere with any contract at present subsisting between the said Commissioners and any company, person or persons, with reference to the lighting of streets, but the same shall continue and be in force notwithstanding anything contained herein or in the said Local Government Act, 1858, or any Act incorporated therewith; and all sums of money becoming hereafter payable under any such contract shall be payable in the manner provided by the said Local Government Act, 1858, or any Act incorporated therewith, with respect to expenses incurred by Local Boards in lighting streets.

Provided always, that the repeal of the several sections of the Harrogate Improvement Act herein-before enumerated shall not affect, destroy, or invalidate any mortgage, security, contract, or obligation duly entered into under any of the provisions

1866.

673

Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). Cap. 106.

provisions of the said Act, but the same shall, so far as at present existing, continue in full effect and be enforced in like manner and to the same extent as if the said sections had not been repealed; and all acts, proceedings at law or equity, and other matters and things commenced under the same, but not yet completed, shall proceed to completion in like manner, unless the same caxi be completed by the operation of the law otherwise applicable to the same; and the repeal of the said sections shall not prevent the prosecution of or other proceedings against persons charged with offences under the provisions of the said Harrogate Improvement Act in respect to matters provided for by the said sections now repealed, but such prosecutions or other proceedings may be commenced and completed as though the said sections were still in force.

Given under my hand this Sixth day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

ST. LEONARD.

Provisional Order for the Alteration and Amendment of the St. Leonard's Improvement Act3 1832, in force within the District of the St. Leonard's Local Board.

Whereas the Commissioners acting in execution of a certain Local Act of Parliament passed in the second year of the reign of King William the Fourth (cap. 45), intituled " An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of St. Leonard, in the County of Sussex," have duly adopted parts of the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Town of St. Leonard:

And whereas the said Commissioners, acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the said Local Government Act, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such petition set forth:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for such purpose, in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said petition: And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct —

674

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Local Act aforesaid of 2 W. 4. c. 45. shall be altered and amended as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly: —

1. The fourth section of the said Act of the 2 W. 4. c. 45. shall be repealed, and that in lieu thereof it be enacted that no person hereafter to be elected or appointed a Commissioner in the execution of the said Act as amended or altered for the time being by any other Act or Acts of Parliament shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner, unless he shall at the time of his acting be in his own right or in right of his wife in the actual possession or in the receipt of the rents and profits of freehold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of leasehold lands, tenements, or hereditaments granted originally for a term of sixty years at the least, situate within the limits of the town of St. Leonard," of the clear yearly value of twenty pounds over and above the ground rent, if any, or of both species of property amounting together to the clear yearly value of twenty pounds over and above the ground rent (if any), or unless he shall at the time of his acting be then residing and shall have been for the last three years resident within the limits of the town of St. Leonard," and also shall be then rated, and shall have been for each of the last three years rated, in the rate books of the town of St. Leonard " at the sum of seventy pounds per annum (in the aggregate) or more in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate within the limits of "the town of St. Leonard/' nor unless he shall have taken and subscribed an oath, or being one of the people called Quakers made and subscribed an affirmation, to the following effect; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People

called Quakers, do solemnly affirm] that I am in

my own right or in the right of my wife in the ' actual possession or receipt of the rents and profits f for an estate of freehold [or being leasehold for a

leasehold estate, or, if consisting of both species of property, for an estate of freehold with a

leasehold estate granted originally for a term of sixty years at the least of and in lands, tene-e ments, or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of twenty pounds over and above the ground rent, if any, [or qualifying as a ratepayer, that I ' am now residing and have been for the last three years resident within the limits of " the

town

1866.

675

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106.

town of St. Leonard/' and that I am now rated *

and have been for each of the last three years

rated* in the rate books of the town of St. g Leonard at the sum of seventy pounds per annum

(in the aggregate) or more in respect of lands* f tenements* or hereditaments*] situate within the ' limits of a Local Act passed in the second year of the reign of King William the Fourth *

intituled [here set forth the title of the said

Local Act], and that I will not at any time 6 during the period I shall remain a Commissioner (under the said Act of Parliament directly or c indirectly be concerned or interested in or derive any pecuniary or other advantage from any

contract which by virtue of the said Act shall f during such time as I am a Commissioner be

entered into and that I will impartially and honestly, according to the best of my skill and

knowledge* execute the several trusts* powers* f and authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner c by virtue of the said Act. So help me God.

[Or being a Quaker omit the words " So help ' me God."] '

2. The words " a greater number of Commissioners by

" three at least shall attend than were present te when such Order was made*" contained in the 10th section of the said Act of Parliament of the 2 W. 4. c. 45., be repealed, and that it be enacted that in lieu thereof the following words shall be inserted, namely* " a majority of the Commissioners " for the time being acting under the said Act " concur in. such alteration* amendment* or suspension."

3. The proviso at the end of the 31st section of the said Act of Parliament of the 2 W. 4. c. 45.* beginning with the words " Provided always " and ending with the word " town," shall be repealed* and that the said Act be read and' construed as if the said proviso at the end of the 31st section thereof had not been inserted in such section.

4. So much of the 96th section of the said Local

Act as begins with the words " so as such rate " or rates," and concluding with the words "to be " ascertained in manner herein-after mentioned*" inclusive of such words respectively* shall be repealed; provided always, that the rate or rates or assessment or assessments (to be made under the unrepealed portion of the said 96th section of the said Local Act) shall not exceed in the whole in any one year the sum of three shillings 3 L 2 in

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

in the pound for houses, shops, warehouses, coachhouses, stables, cellars, buildings, gardens, grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, according to the real rackrent or full yearly value of the same respectively.

Given under my hand this First day of June, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WEDNESFIELD.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Wednesfield in the County of Stafford, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas Petitions have been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and duly signed by the Local Board for the District of Wednesfield in the County of Stafford, and others, praying for an alteration of the existing boundary of the said District, or in relation to such proposed alteration:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petitions, and report has been duly made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for such purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the Local Board for Wednesfield in the County of Stafford be altered by there being separated therefrom all that portion of the said District of the Township of Wednesfield aforesaid comprising the Ecclesiastical District of the Holy Trinity (or Wednesfield Heath, sometimes called Heath Town), the line of separation following the ridge of high ground as nearly as the Boundaries will allow, as defined and shown upon the Map of Wednesfield District prepared by the said Local Board, approved by me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and deposited at the Office of the Local Board aforesaid. The line of Boundaries in question commences at the point A shown on such Plan at the Boundary between the

Townships

1866.

677

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106.

Townships of Bushbury and Wednesfield, thence along the east fence of field No. 1101 to B, thence crossing the field No. 1095 to C, thence along the east fence of fields No. 1103 and 1105 to D at Thorney Croft Lane, thence on the north side of the said lane to E, thence crossing the said lane and along the east fence of fields Nos. 1080, 1079, and 1077 to F, thence westward along the north fence of fields No. 710 and 709 to G, thence along the east fence of fields No. 704 and 706 to the road from Wolverhampton to Wednesfield, thence crossing the said road, and along the east side of field No. 688, and the end of field No. 687 to H, on the south side of the Essington Canal, thence along the east fence of fields No. 493, 494, 491 and 467 to I, thence crossing field No. 464 to J, thence along the west fence of field No. 463 to K, on the south side of the London and North-western Railway, thence eastward along the south side of the said Bail way to L, thence again on the south side of the said Railway to M at the Porto Bello Station on the Boundary between the Townships of Wednesfield and Willenhall, thus completing the line of division.

2. — At every election of the nine members of the Local Board aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order the members to be elected shall be elected for the Wednesfield Local Board District as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of and ratepayers in respect of property situate within the District so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Twentieth day of March, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

ABEBDABE.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Provisions of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly signed by Owners of Property and Ratepayers within the Ecclesiastical District of Saint Margaret, Aberdare, part of which is situate within the District of the Local Board of Health for the District of Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan, praying for an alteration of the existing boundary of the said District of Aberdare:

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No.3). 29 & 30 VICT.

And whereas* in pursuance of the said Local Government Act* inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition* and report has been duly made to me thereon by Arnold Taylor* Esquire* the Inspector appointed by me for such purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now* therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act* I. as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* do* by this Provisional Order under my hand* direct* —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the Local Board of Health for Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan be altered by there being separated therefrom the following portion of the said Ecclesiastical District of Saint Margaret, Aberdare, which is situate within such Aberdare District* such separated portion (to be styled the Mountain Ash District, Aberdare*) to be bounded as follows:

The boundary commences at the point A at the point of junction between the boundaries of the Parishes of Aberdare and Llanwynno and the Ecclesiastical District of St. Margaret's (Aberdare), respectively; thence in a north-easterly direction* following the line dividing the parish of Aberdare from such Ecclesiastical District of Saint Margaret's (Aberdare)* to the point B; thence in a straight line easterly, and crossing the Aberdare Canal, to the point C on the east side of such canal; thence in an easterly direction* following the north boundary fences of the properties numbered 646 and 671 on the Tithe Map* and the westerly boundaries of the properties numbered 694, 695, and 696 on the Tithe Map* and crossing the occupation road leading to Pen-y.-graig, to the point D on the north side of such road; thence following and including such road to its point of junction with the Cefn Penner Road leading from Mountain Ash to Merthyr Tydfil at the point E; thence in a northerly direction* following and including such road* and crossing the parish road leading to Aberdare* to the point P on the north side of such road; thence following and including the Cefn Penner Road leading from Mountain Ash to Merthyr Tydfil* and crossing such road in an easterly direction; thence following and including the occupation road leading to Ty Howell ap Ivor to the point G; thence in an easterly direction* following the south boundary fences of the properties numbered 705* 706* 707* 793* and 791,

to

Hosted.

1866.

679

Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). Cap. 106.

to the point H at the boundary line separating the parish of Merthyr Tydfil from the Ecclesiastical District of Saint Margaret's (Aberdare); thence in a southerly direction, and following such boundary line, to the point I; and from thence, following the line separating the parish of Aberdare from the parish of Llanwynno, to the starting point at A; — so completing the boundary of the District as defined and shown upon the Map (approved by me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and deposited at the office of the Local Board aforesaid).

. 2. — At every election of the members of the Aberdare Local Board aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order the members to be elected shall be elected for such Aberdare Local Board District as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of and ratepayers in respect of property situate within the District so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Nineteenth day of March, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G, Grey.

BRISTOL.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Bristol Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol, being by the Council of the City, the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the City and County of Bristol, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1851, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the* Seal of the said Local Board of Health, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving certain streets and highways, and for making certain new streets, in the said City and County, such

land

680

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

land being situate within the District of the said Local Board of Health:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plan accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of

Bristol, being, by the Council of the said City, the Local Board of Health for the District of the City and County of Bristol, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

2. — If the Local Board of Health for the City and County of Bristol shall desire, under the authority of this Provisional Order or of the Act confirming the same, to alter the level, direction, or situation of any street or road, or to cause an interference with the access to any of the main or service water pipes of the Bristol Waterworks Company, so as to render necessary the removal or the alteration of the position or level of any of the said main or service water pipes, the said Local Board shall give to the said Company fourteen days notice of such desire, and the Company shall forthwith make such removal or alteration as may be so rendered necessary as aforesaid, and do all works incident thereto, and all expenses to be thereby incurred shall be defrayed by the said Local Board.

3. — Nothing

1866.

681

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106.

3. — Nothing contained in this Provisional Order* or in the

Act confirming the same* shall interfere with the exercise by the Bristol Waterworks Company of the powers and privileges conferred upon them by any Acts or Act of Parliament of laying down and maintaining* and, as occasion may require* of repairing or altering, any mains or pipes in and under any of the public streets or thoroughfares upon which any works or alterations may be made under the authority of this Provisional Order* or of the Act confirming the same.

4. — Nothing contained in this Provisional Order, or in the

Act confirming the same* shall interfere with the exercise by the Bristol United Gas Light Company of the powers and privileges conferred upon them by any Acts or Act of Parliament* of laying down and maintaining, and* as occasion may require* of repairing or altering* any mains or pipes in and under any of the public streets or thoroughfares upon which any works or alterations may be made under the authority of this Provisional Order or of the Act confirming the same.

5. — Provided always* that the Local Board of Health* without the previous consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, shall not purchase or take for the intended new Street from the South-west corner of College Green to St. George's Road, or for the widening or improving the North side of St. George's Road* between York Place and Waterloo Court* the estate or interest of the said Commissioners in more lands than shall be actually required for the site of the carriageway and footways of the intended new Street and of the St. George's Road when so widened or improved on the North side thereof.

6. — Provided also, that the Local Boat'd or their assigns shall not erect any building on any part of the spaces under the Bridge proposed to be made over the point of junction of College Street and Brandon Street* as far as the lines colored blue on the plans deposited by the said Local Board, for the purpose of this Provisional Order* but the same spaces respectively shall be left unbuilt upon.

Given under my hand this Fourth day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Local Government Supplemental (No* 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the Numbers in Column refer to those on the Plan accompanying the Petition of the Local Board of Health.

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of making a new Street from the Junction of Thomas Street and Bath Street to the Terminus of the Great Western Railway, and connecting Avon Street with the proposed new Street. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 38, 777 Square Yards.

PARISH OF ST. THOMAS.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

1 House and Shop Sarah Wilkins Richard Beacham. William Boucher Francis Boucher William Boucher. Francis Boucher.

2 House and Shop Elisha Smith Robinson - Ann Harril.

3 House and Shop, Nos. 141 and 142, Thomas Street, used as one Warehouse. Sarah Elton Edward Elton. Frederick Elton. Alfred Elton. Elisha Smith Robinson. Alfred Robinson.

4 House and Shop, No. 4, Bath Street, a Portion of which on the First Floor extends over Part of the Yard of the " Talbot Inn." Lewis Braham Frances Matilda Homer. Julius Rosen - Julius Rosen. Salu Zachari.

11 Yard which is beneath the Back Rooms of the House No. 4, Bath Street. Frances Matilda Homer Robert Comer - Robert Comer.

4 b House and Shop, No. 3, Bath Street. SamuelRansford, Trustee for William Blackwell and Emily Blackwell. Frances Matilda Homer. Maurice Michael James Simms. James Raybould.

5 House and Shop Maurice Michael Frances Matilda Homer. - Maurice Michael.

6 House and Shop The Trustees of the Merchant Tailors Charity. Arthur Palmer. Arthur Hare Palmer. Robert Bruce. William Ody Hare. John Addington Sy-monds. Francis Ridout Ward. Benjamin Chandler. Thomas Baker.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

6 cont. House, &c. — cont. Edward Harley. Charles Edward Ward. Michael Castle. George Garrard. Charles Nash. James Ford. Daniel Burges. J ames Davison W adham.

7 House and Shop The same Benj amin Chandler. John Braine Taylor. Josiah John Braine Taylor. Sidney William Taylor.

8 House and Shop - The same William Little.

9 House and Shop The same William Taylor William Taylor.

10 House and Shop The Trustees of the Merchant Tailors Charity. Clare Bowles. Isaac Delve Noake J ames J ohnEvans. Edwin Fenner.

11 and 12 The Talbot Inn and Yards, Part of One of the Yards being under Part of No. 4, Bath Street. The Mews called the Talbot Mews. John Oliver Henry Johnson. Louisa Sarah Johnson. Samuel Johnson. Francis Matilda Homer. Robert Comer - Robert Comer. Albert Charles Wagner. Robert Comer.

13 House and Shop, Counting-houses, Yards, and Workshops. Eobert Eaton Robert Downing Collins. Abraham Champion.

14 Carrier's Yard with Offices, House, Warehouses, and Stables. Alfred Furze, Trustee for Ann Peck, Ann Paul, and others. Alfred Furze, surviving Trustee of the Will of William Peck, deceased. Sub-Lessees. Isaac Lawes Isaac Lawes, jun. Isaac Lawes. Isaac Lawes the younger.

15 House and Shop William Henry Richards, Barnett Lazarus Barnett Lazarus.

16 The "Bell Inn," Yard, Stables, and Outbuildings. Joseph Williams Edwin Hember -Mary Ann Collins. Edwin Hember. MaryAnnCollins.

17 House and Shop and Workshops and back Yard. Odiame Coates Lane, as Trustee of the Marriage Settlement of John W arry and Ann Potter Warry. J ohn David Ridler J ohn David Ridler.

No. on Han. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

18 House and Coach Manufacturing Premises. Timothy Sampson Powell The Feoffees of St. Mary Redcliff Church Lands. John Hopton Wyld. Richard Jenkins Poole King. J ohn W arry (Keynsham). William Cooper. William Poole King. John Lucas. Joel Gardiner. Thomas Proctor. John Farler (Nailsea). John Warry, junipr. John Hare. Michael Bevan Warry. John Hopton Wyld, junior. Frederick Craymer.

19 House, Warehouses, Counting-house, Cellars, and Yard. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. James Todd as Executor to Estate of the late William Burge. Joseph Cooke Hurle. John Hill. Reverend Charles Elliott. Martha Plummer Maurice. Frederick Vaughan Weir.

20 House, Warehouse, and Workshop. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. James Todd, Executor to Estate of the late William Burge. Joseph Cooke Hurle. John Hill. Reverend Charles Elliott. Martha Plummer Maurice. James Todd.

21 House and Shop, Printing House, and Offices. George Arnold John Wright John Wright.

22 Part of the " White Lion" Yard, with Stables, Brew-house, Beer-cellar, Slaughter-house, and Lin. George Arnold - Thomas Tongue Thomas Tongue.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

23 The Northern Part of the "White Lion" Inn Yard, with Kitchen, Malthouse, Stabling, and Shed. George Arnold -John Henley. Thomas Tongue Thomas Tongue.

24 House and Shop Amos Brittan Thomas Allway. Henry Liddon. Thomas Tongue.

25 House Herbert Riddle Robert Gay Barrow. William Done Bushell. William Sanders. Thomas Richard Sanders. Henry Sanders. Edwin Hopkins. James Hopkins. Mary Tomlins. Lavinia Harding. Benjamin Cleck. William Bignall. Emanuel Roberts.

26 Stable and Warehouse. Herbert Riddle Robert Gay Barrow. William Done Bushell. William Sanders. Thomas Richard San-; ders. Henry Sanders. Thomas Cole.

27 Stable and Workshops and Warehouse. Herbert Riddle Robert Gay Barrow. William Done Bushell. William Sanders. Thomas Richard Sanders. Henry Sanders. William Clark. Robert Clark.

28 House George Arnold - - Daniel Henry MacCarthy.

29 Long Row, Part of Street or Lane, Public Carriageway and Footway. The Local Board of Health. The Local Board of Health. Bristol United Gas Company. Bristol Waterworks Company.

30 The Three Kings Inn, and Yards and Stables and Shed. John Crew John Crew.

3 M

PARISH OF TEMPLE.

No.

Description Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

House and Shop in Temple Street, Yard and Bakehouse and Stables behind, also Two Tenements in Long Row, and Stables and Coach-house.

Hauling Way, Yard, and Stabling.

House and Shop

The Cross Keys Inn, with Yard, Brew-house, and Offices.

Part of Stable, Workshops, and Warehouse, numbered 27 on Plan, in the Parish of St. Thomas.

House and Shop, No., Temple Street.

Tenement in Court behind No., Temple Street.

Tenement in Court behind No., Temple Street.

House and Shop -

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners in London. The Feoffees of Temple Church Lands.

John Hare.

Sholto Yere Hare. Edward Prichard. Joseph Haythorne G-wyer.

George Wright Gwyer. Conrad William Finzel. John Longman.

Henry Scott Lawrence. Robert Norris.

George Cooper.

John Hopton Wylde. William Hopton Wylde. William Augustus Frederick Powell. Frederick Amory.

James Henry Amory. William Boucher. Francis Boucher.

The Feoffees of Temple Church Lands.

The same The same -

George Cooper -

John Crew

John Crew Nehemiah Newman.

George Cooper.

John Crew.

A nnGunningham. William Parr.

Herbert Riddle Robert Gay Barrow. William Done Bushell. William Sanders. Thomas Richard Sanders.

Henry Sanders.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Catherine Winter.

The same

- William Clark. Robert Clark.

John Salter.

- John Rollins.

The same

William Withey.

The same

- Joseph Isaac.

No, on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

10 House, with Passage to the Synagogue, also the Synagogue and Vestry Rooms, &c. connected with it. The Trustees of the Jews Synagogue and Premises. Abraham Alexander. William W olfAlexander. Levy Levy. Moses Blanckensee. Joseph Abraham. Abraham Moseley. Joseph Michael. Jonas Rousseau. John Solomon, junior. Philip Douglas Alexander. Joseph Michael Plat-nauer. Moss Cohen. Henry Simmons. m m m Reverend Joseph Benjamin.

11 House and Shop, Yard, Straw and Cow Houses. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Robert Simms. mm* Robert Simms.

12 Tenement in Yard behind No. 135, Temple Street. The same Void.

13 House and Shop, and Workshop behind, with Passage to Court. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Elizabeth Sanders. Daniel Taunton.

14 Tenement in Court The same - Joseph Stocker.

15 Tenement in Court The same Benjamin Mansfield.

16 Tenement in Court The same - Thomas Angle.

17 House and Shop and Workshop in Court behind. The same George Hayter.

18 House and Shop, Yard, and Slaughter-house. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Robert Simms. John Nicholls.

19 House and Shop Charles Price George Wyatt.

20 Porter's House, Passage to Potteries Yard, and Manufacturing Premises. Charles Price Joseph Read Price. Charles Price the younger. Samuel Newall Price. Alfred Newall Price.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

21 House and -Shop, Yard, and Bakehouses. -Elizabeth Clarke - William Horlick.

22 House and Shop James Antrobus Mary Lsetitia Dodderell. Daniel Taylor Dodderell. George John Dodderrell. Cleophas Shad-dick.

23 The Lamb and Flag Inn and Premises. The Feoffees of Temple Church Lands. Isaac Bizley W il liam W elling-ton Ball. Frederick Henry Ball. Isaac Bizley.

24 House and Shop, Yard and Warehouses, Yard and Tenements. The same - Samuel Gustavus Clements. William Orchard.

25 House and Premises called the Temple Dining Hall. Joseph Read Price Albert Fry Frederick Wills. William Green-slade. George Hole.

26 Manufacturing Premises behind No. 125, Temple Street. Joseph Read Price Joseph Read Price. Charles Price the younger. Samuel Newall Price. Alfred Newall Price.

27 House and Shop, with Passage to Pottery of Two Kilns, Yard, and Warehouse. The Feoffees of St. Thomas Church Lands. William Vawer Lott. William Merrett Webb. Samuel Jacques Fear. John Bessen Moore. - James-Henry Amory. William Boucher. John Dennis. Edwin Gale. Henry Wansbrough. James Godwin. John Wansbrough. John William Lucas. George William Stuckey Clarke. -Edward Peters. Faulkner Taylor. Joseph Boon Powell. Benjamin Thomas. Joseph Weston. Elisha Smith Robinson. Alfred Robinson. Edward Melsom Martha Melsom. Francis Melsom. Francis Melsom.

Cap. 106.

689

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

27 cont 28 House, &c. — cont -Beerhouse, Passage, Francis Boucher. Robert Christie Ward. Charles Robertson. Henry William Sayles. William George. Conrad William Finzel. Zachariah Cartwright. Daniel Weymouth William Bush.

29 Yard, and Slaughter-houses. House and Shop, The Feoffees of Temple Harriet Ball Wil- John Bailey.

30 Yard, and 'W orkshops. The " George and Church Lands. Harriet Ball Williams - liams. Benjamin Sar-

31 Dragon" Inn. Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - jeant. Thomas Brown.

32 Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - _ Richard Beer.

33 Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - - John Lake.

34 Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - _ Ann Elliot.

35 Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - Void.

36 Tenement - Harriet Ball Williams - Mary Garrett.

37 House and Shop Harriet Ball Williams - John Owen. Robert Ford. Frederick Green.

38 House, Shop, and Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman Ann Hillman.

39 Passage to Milsoms Court. Tenement in Milsoms Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman John Harrison.

40 Court. Tenement - .Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman James Thomas.

41 Tenement - Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman James Earl.

42 Tenement - Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman Abraham Dawes.

43 Tenement - Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman William Horn.

Tenement - Mary Atchley. Abraham Atchley Ann Hillman James Slew ter.

45 House and Shop, Mary Atchley. Richard Phillips John Hill.

46 Yard, Warehouse, Bakery. House, Counting- John White. George Cooper. Joseph Haythorne Gwyer, as Trustee and Guardians of the Temple "Blue Girls" School. William Boone - William Boone.

houses, Yard, and Cooperage. jSamuel Richards, Boone. Hugh Boone. Thomas John Boone. Samuel Richards, Boone.

3 M 3

No. OB Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

47 House and Shop William Boone Samuel Richards, Boone. - Alfred Partridge.

Hugh Boone. Thomas John Boone.

48 House and Shop and The Corporation of the - John Totter dill.

Yard. Tenements Boor.

behind J*ble '

49 The " Marquis of The Mayor, Aldermen, Elizabeth Hare James Ashley.

Worcester" Beer- and Burgesses of the (Lady).

house. City of Bristol. The Churchwardens of

St. Peter's, Bristol.

George Henry Pike. William Randall.

50 Stable and Loft The same Elizabeth Hare - James Ashley. John White.

51 Tenement and Part Henry Wildgoose Edwin Hill John Weston.

of Yard behind. Edwin Hill.

52 House and Shop Henry Wildgoose Edwin Hill Edwin Hill.

and Part of Yard behind. John Weston.

53 House and Shop, Esther Weaver - Esther Weaver.

Yard, and Curriers Workshops and Offices. George William Bailer.

54 House with two Jane Bailey - Simeon Pearce.

Shops and Passageway to " Crown Court." George Simms.

55 House and Shop and Esther Weaver - - Esther Weaver.

Warehouses.

56 " Stevens " Alms- The Trustees ElizabethW atson.

house. Timothy Sampson Mary Ann Priddy.

Powell. Ann Cross.

Edward Sampson. Sarah Ridler.

Charles Edward Ward. Harriet Crooker.

Francis Ridout Ward. Sarah Webster.

Lionel Oliver Bigg. Elizabeth White.

John Fortescue For- Ann Simms.

tescue Brickdale. Elizabeth Col-

Matthew Inglett Brick- lings.

dale. Elizabeth An-

John Savage. drews.

Francis, Savage. Ann Boulting.

57 House and Shop, Jane Win do M - Robert Norris.

Bakery, Outbuild- Samuel Burt.

ings, and Garden. George William Bailer.

No. on Plan,

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

58

Beershop and House

59

Public Footway leading to Temple Place.

60

61

62

House and Shop, Yard, and Warehouse or Store Sheds.

House and Shop, Outbuildings and Garden.

Warehouse

63

Dwelling House,

Yards, and School called " Colston's Temple Boys

School."

Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

John Owen

- Thomas Arnold -Stephen William Arnold.

John Owen

Francis Garrett Palmer

Names of Occupiers.

John Leach.

The Local Board of Health.

The Bristol United Gas Company. The Bristol Water-works Company. William Baker.

The.Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol.

Henry Shaw

Eliza Shaw.

Georgiana Augusta Brittan.

George Cole.

Mary Cannington.

Robert Cuthbert Storrow.

Sarah Storrow.

Robert Cuthbert Storrow as Trustee for Elizabeth Williams.

Daniel James Crabtree.

Robert Cuthbert Storrow, Executor to Estate of the late Daniel Crabtree.

Sarah Crabtree.

Trustees

John Fortescue Fortescue Brickdale.

Rev. John Joseph Ebbs-worth.

Charles Edward Ward.

Matthew Inglett Brick-dale.

John Longman.

John Wine.

Conrad William Finzel.

John Hare.

Odiarne Coates Lane.

Timothy Sampson

Powell.

Joseph Haythorne

Gwyer.

Rev. George Crewell Salt.

Jane House

- Jane House.

Jane House. Samuel Bissicks.

- None, the Premises being built.

65

66

67

68

69

70

71

72

72a

73

74

75

76

77

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

House and Shop

House and Malt-houses, Kilns, Yard, and Stable.

and

School

" Temple Parish Girls School-house formerly the Weavers Hall.

House and Shop and back Offices in Yard behind.

House and Shop and back Offices in Yard behind.

House and Shop and back Offices in Yard behind, also small enclosed Yard.

House and Shop, back Offices in Yard, small Yard, and Stable and Privy.

Tenement in Yard, with small enclosed Yard, and Two Workshops; Garden.

Yard

House and Shop, Yard and Passage.

Smiths Workshops

Tenement in Yard, Garden, and Office. House and Shop Warehouse -

Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

John Longman George William Bailer. John Longman Thomas Hine. -

The Vestry of Temple Parish. Reverend Fountain El-wyn. Thomas Carlile. George Cooper. Richard Phillips. Joseph Haythorne Gwyer. John White. George William Bailer. Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer. Richard Phillips as Trustee of the School.

Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer. £

Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer.

Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer.

Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer.

Matthew Yoisey George William Bailer.

Harriet Meredith

Harriet Meredith Harriet Meredith - — i

Harriet Meredith Frederick Gare i

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

78 The " Weavers Arms " Public-house, Brew-house, Cooperage, and Passage to Court. -Simon Heale Richard Adams.

79 Court called Weavers Arms Court. Simon Heale - The Local Board of Health. The Bristol United Gas Company. The BristolWaterworks Company.

80 Tenement in Court Simon Heale, , _ Thomas Neale.

81 Tenement in Court Simon Heale - Edward Bower-man.

82 Tenement in Court Simon Heale - William Lewis.

83 Tenement in Court Simon Heale . William Moxhay.

836 Tenement in Court Simon Heale - Abraham Jones -

83c Tenement in Court Simon Heale William Palmer.

84 House and Shop Simon Heale - George Bunn.

85 House and Shop Simon Heale - William Honeywell.

86 House, Shop, and Bakehouse and Yard. Matthew Perkins William Taylor. William Frayne. Devisees upon Trust under the Will of John Taylor, deceased. Thomas Hine, Executor to late Samuel Miles. Samuel Yowles.

87 House and Shop, Yard, Warehouse, and Stable. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. The Representatives of Richard and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. Samuel Seex.

88 The " Cross Guns " Public-house. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Representatives of Richard Hill and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. Jane Webb.

89 The "Exeter" Tavern. The same Representatives of Richard Hill and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. George Gallop. I

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

90 Prince Eugene Lane, Part of Street or Lane, public Carriage and Footway. The Local Board of Health. The Local Board of Health. The Bristol United Gas Company. The Bristol Waterworks Company.

91 House, Yard, and Sheds. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Representatives of Richard Hill and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. George Higgins.

92 Tenement - The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Representatives of Richard Hill and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. John Watkins.

93 Tenement - The same Representatives of Richard Hill and George Hill. Henry Lee. James Foster. Sarah Foster. William Derrick.

94 Tenement - John Phillips - John Ollis.

95 Passage to Taylors Court. William Taylor -William Frayne. John Frayne. Jane Frayne. Thomas Hine. The Local Board of Health. The Bristol United Gas Company. The Bristol Waterworks Company,

96 Tenement in Taylors Court. Matthew Perkins William Taylor. William Frayne. Devisees upon Trust under the Will of John Taylor, deceased. Thomas Hine. Joseph Hosegood.

965 Tenement in Taylors Court. The same " - Edward Williams,

97 Tenement in Taylors Court. The same " - Sarah Cook,

98 Cellar beneath Stable belonging to John Longman and Thomas Hine marked also 65 on Plan. William Wellington Ball Frederick Henry Ball. Samuel Alexander. Trustees for Jane Ann Ball, Louisa Singer Ball, Ellen Ball. Thomas Hine. Joseph Reeve.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

99 Entrance Passage and Part of Court of Willmot's Crescent. Harriet Ann Willmott Thomas Hine. The Local Board of Health. The Bristol United Gas Company. The Bristol W ater-works Company.

100 Tenement in Will-mott's Crescent. Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - Richard Haskins.

1006 Courtyard - Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - Richard Haskins. Emma James.

101 Tenement Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - Emma James.

102 Tenement - Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - Joseph Peacock.

103 Tenement Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - James Sellers.

104 Tenement - Harriet Ann Willmot -Thomas Hine. - Joseph Groves.

105 Tenement William Frayne John Frayne. Jane Frayne. Francis William Biggs.

106 Tenement - William Frayne John Frayne. Jane Frayne. John Cleck.

107 Tenement and Coal Store. William Frayne John Frayne. Jane Frayne. William Hughes.

108 Tenement - John Waller William Maule. Trustees for Harriet Dew. George Vile.

109 Tenement (Noake's Place), Prince Eugene Lane. Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. John Woodward.

110 Tenement Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. James Fry.

111 Tenement - Augustus Bowles Clare B.owles. - Thomas James.

112 Tenement - Augustus Bowles -Clare Bowles. - Edward Ames.

113 Tenement (Noakes Place) Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. - James Tucker.

114 Tenement - Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. - John Frape.

116 Tenement Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. - William Allbrook.

117 Tenement - Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. Hosted by Thomas Lovell.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

115 Court and Passage of same. Augustus Bowles Clare Bowles. The Local Board of Health. The Bristol United Gas Company. The Bristol Waterworks Company.

118 Warehouses and Yard (and House and Shop in Temple Street). ^Edward Sladen Wallis - Edward Sladen Wallis.

119 House and Shop Reverend Daniel Griffiths. Thomas Hine. Harriet Cox.

120 Yard, Sheds, Offices, Counting-house, Manufactory, Warehouses, Outbuildings, and Garden Ground. Harriet Ann Wilmot -Thomas Hine. Abraham Levy - Abraham Levy.

121 Land formerly Part of Morris' Court. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. William Sage. Harriet Sage.

122 Land formerly^ Part of Morris' Court. -Edward Daniel Executor to late Henry Daniel. William Sage. Harriet Sage.

123 Tenement in " Union Place." Mary Ann Kennett Dawson. - Mark Hope.

124 Tenement - Mary Ann Kennett - Dawson. ' - Edward Lee.

125 Tenement - Mary Ann Kennett Dawson. - William James Francis.

126 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson - John Curnock.

127 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson - James Davis.

128 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson - Robert Peet.

129 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson - James Banbury.

130 The Court and Passage called Union Place* .M. A. Kennett Dawson The Local Board of Health. Bristol United Gas Company. Bristol Waterworks Company.

131 Tenement - - M. A. Kennett Dawson - William Hope.

132 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson - Noah Green.

133 Tenement in Union Place. M. A. Kennett Dawson - -Thomas Davis.

134 Tenement - M. A. Kennett Dawson ... William Pickard.

135 Shop and Workshops, Yard and Tenement. M. A. Kennett Dawson Richard Starkey Richard Starkey.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

136 Yard, Slaughterhouses, and Stable. M. A. Kennett Dawson - William Hard-well.

13 6b Stable M. A Kennett Dawson William Hard-well. Thomas Edmunds.

137 Tenement - The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Charles Sheppard.

138 Tenement - The same - James Couborn.

139 Tenement - The same - Edward Austin.

HO Tenement - The same - Peter Anderson.

141 Tenement in Rose Alley. Mary Arnold Thomas Wintle. - William Spray.

142 Tenement - Mary Arnold Thomas Wintle. - John Pearce.

143 Tenement in Rose Alley. Nathaniel Lomas — - - William Seager.

144 Pipe Lane, Part of Land formerly Swan Court. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. The Local Board of Health. Bristol United Gas Company. Bristol Waterworks Company.

145 Tenement - The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Mathew Perkins William Taylor. William Frayne. Devisees in Trust under the Will of John Taylor. William^ Henry Williams. John Faithful Fortescue. Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams. Esther Joseph.

146 Warehouse The same Fitz - William Wickham. Ann Hole. Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams. William Henry Williams. John Faithful Fortescue. Fitz-William Wickham. Richard Fry.

3 N

698 Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

147 Stables, Yard, and The Mayor, Aldermen, Ann Hole Reuben Hem-

1473

147c

Carthouses Shed.

and

Stables, Yard, and Blacksmith's Shop.

and Burgesses of the City of Bristol.

The same

The " Foresters Best " Beerhouse.

The same

Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams.

William Henry Williams.

John Faithful Fortescue.

Ann Hole

Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams.

William Henry Williams.

John Faithful Fortescue.

Ann Hole

Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams.

William Henry Williams.

J ohn Faithful Fortescue.

borough.

Reuben Hembrough.

John Pring.

Joseph Tanner.

148 The " George Inn," Yards, Stables, Wine and Spirit Shop, and Offices.

149 House and Weighing Engine.

150 Part of the Yard of the Great Western Railway Company.

151 Yard, with Counting-house, Office, and Shed.

152 Timber Yard with

Sawpits.

153

Tenement with right of Way through Courtyard of Tanner's Cottages into Pipe Lane.

Jacob Strickland as Trus- -tee of the Marriage Settlement of C. A. Gibson and Gibson.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol.

The Great Western -Railway Company.

The same -

Jacob Strickland, as Trustee of the Marriage Settlement of C. A. Gibson and Gibson his Wife.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol.

Thomas Harris Smith.

Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams.

William Henry Williams.

John Faithful Fortescue.

Rebecca Pring.

Rebecca Pring.

The Great Western Railway Company.

FitzWilliam

Wickham.

Richard Fry.

Rebecca Pring.

FitzWilliam

Wickham.

Richard Fry.

Rebecca Pring.

Richard Fry.

FitzWilliam

Wickham.

Cap. 106.

699

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

154 The "Full Moon" Beerhouse in Pipe Lane, The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Thomas Wintle - Reverend Francis Barnes. John Crowther G-wyn. Executors and Trustees of late George Lewis. The Representatives (if any) of the late Lionel Emdin. Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams. William Henry Williams. John Faithful Fortescue. Thomas Chidsey.

155 Tenement The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Thomas Wintle - Reverend Francis Barnes. John Crowther Gwyn. Executors and Trustees of late George Lewis. The Representatives (if any) of the late Lionel Emdin. Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams. William Henry Williams. J ohn Faithful Fortescue. Caroline Smith.

156 Tenement in Pipe Lane, The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Charles Hes Reverend Frederick Edgill Williams. William Henry Williams. John Faithful Fortescue. Charles Elliott.

3 N 2

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of widening, altering the Gradients of, and otherwise improving Cow Street and Park Street, and also Frogmore Street and Frog Lane at their Junction with the said two last* mentioned Streets, and raising the Level of Hanmer's Buildings. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 6, 863 Square Yards.

PARISH OF ST. AUGUSTINE.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

Cow Street

1 House and Shops - Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Frogmore Stree George Lee King Henry Newman. Henry Strugnell. Henry Hucker. Simon Jeffery. Charles Huntley. t Henry Strugnell. Henry Hucker. Simon Jeffery. Charles Huntley.

2 House and Shops - Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bristol. Eichard Tate Stoate. Francis Duck. Francis Duck. Alfred Housely.

3 House and Warehouse Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bristol. John Fargus Green. John Fargus Green. William Wheeler Green. Edward Batchelor.

4 House and Warehouse Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bristol. Henry Waldo -Edward Waldo. Frederick Henry Whitfield. Frederick Henry Whitfield.

5 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and Wales. James Wallis Mary Hail.

6 House, Shop, Skittle Alley, and Yard. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Elizabeth Donaldson. John Ellicott.

7 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Lydia Wallis Harriet Leonard. Henry Sims. John Holman.

8 House, Shop, and Yard. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Lady Hare Elizabeth Frank-lyn.

9 House, Shop, and Yard. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Ann Jenkins Ann Mill ward. Ann Jenkins.

10 House and Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Eichard Tate Stoate. Alfred Saunders.

11 House and Shop John Hamblett Charles Edward Ward. Park Street John Hamblett.

12 Dwelling House and Shop. Eliza Eernott - Henry Drake. Fiefsol Louis.

13 Dwelling House and Shop. Eliza Kernott - - William Ship.

Cap. 1Q6.

701

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

14 Dwelling House and Shop. Jonas Rousseau Solomon Lyon.

15 Dwelling House and Shop. Jonas Rousseau Henry France - Henry France.

16 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. Richard Tate Stoate - — — James Bartlett.

17 Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Richard Tate Stoate. James Bartlett.

18 Dwelling House and Shop. Richard Tate Stoate -Henry Stoate. Emily Stoate. Thomas Andrews Thomas Andrews.

19 Dwelling House, House and Shop, and Warehouse. Richard Ferris Rumsey Richard Ferris Rumsey.

20 Dwelling House and Shop. John Altham Graham Clarke. Charles Freeman. Charles Lionel Eagles. William Dyer.

21 Dwelling House and Shop. Eliza Kernott - Charles Bishop.

22 Dwelling House and Shop. Robert Gould Sarah Gould. Agnes Greyille. Mary Ann Greville. Giles Greville. Maria Greville. Alfred Tovey Barnard.

23 House, Shop, and Garden. Sarah Foster James Foster. - John Cockram.

24 House and Warehouse Edwin Naish Louisa Naish. William Patterson. George Dell. Thomas Kerslake Thomas Kerslake.

25 The Philosophical Institution. John Nash Sanders Henry Bright. Daniel Cave. John Scandrett Harford. Hanmer's Build Ws- John Nash Sanders. Henry Bright. Daniel Cave. J ohn Scandrett Harford.

26 Dwelling Houses (one under the other). Thomas Wright Rankin Hannah Rankin. William Rogers. Jane Rogers. Albert Rogers. Elizabeth Rogers. John Payne. Betsy Payne, John Shute, Henry Fargus. William Watson. James Garmston. Samuel Rogers. Elizabeth Stock-well. Grace Williams. Martha Ogborne.

3 N 3

702 Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

27 Dwelling House Thomas Wright Rankin Hannah Rankin. William Rogers. Jane Rogers. Albert Rogers. Elizabeth Rogers. John Payne. Betsy Payne. John Shute. Henry Fargus. William Watson. William Burns.

28 Dwelling House and Yard. William Lock - Thomas Shew - John Ernest Jones.

29 Dwelling House and Yard. William Lock - William Dyer - William Lane.

30 Dwelling House and Yard. William Lock - Park Street. Charles Orchard John Trenerry. Charles Orchard.

31 House, Shop, and Warehouse. Edward Clarke Joseph Smith - Thomas Kerslake. James Fawn. Joseph Smith.

32 Dwelling House William Lock - Joseph Smith Joseph Smith.

33 Shop and Picture Gallery William Lock Joseph Smith -Charles Mitchell. Charles Mitchell.

34 House and Photographic Studio. William Lock Joseph Smith - Kate Randall.

35 House and Shop William Tricks Henry Hill. John Sayer. George Snow Tricks. John Carter Northcote. Selina Northcote. George Garraway. Edward Phelps. Joseph Beavan.

36 Dwelling House and Shop. William Tricks. Henry Hill. John Sayer. George Snow Tricks. John Carter Northcote. Selina Northcote. George Garraway. Edward Phelps. Frog Lam. Thomas Hill. Joseph Beavan.

37 Public House William Lock Joseph Smith -Moses Stone. Moses Stone.

38 Public House, Warehouse, Cellars, and Yard. William Lock John Avery Joseph Smith. John Avery.

Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

No,

on

Plan.

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

Names of Occupiers.

39

40

41

42

43

Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard.

Public House House, Cellar, and Stable

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

The Feoffees of Saint Augustine's Church Lands, namely — Reverend Thomas C.

Price.

William Spark.

Charles Merry.

John Bodey.

Edmund Sharland. Richard Castle.

John Stevens.

Charles Nash.

John Harvey.

William Merrett Webb. John Harvey, senior. Thomas Terrett Taylor. Charles Weare Shew. James Hartland.

Charles Brightman. Joseph Bell.

Abraham Dimoline. Thomas Barnes.

Thomas Spark. Frederick Henry Whitfield.

Corporation of Bristol -Jane Harver.

Martha Davis.

Ester Sampson.

Martha Ball.

Mary Babb

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Daniel Butters -

Charles John Hill

Harriet Spear. James Ellis.

John Waite.

Mary Babb. Thomas Lovell. Sophia Nicholls.

Dwelling House and Yard.

College Green.

Ecclesiastical

sioners.

Commis-

Henry Purrier -Patrick John Gi-raud.

Patrick

Giraud.

John

45 Cellar, Shop, and Dwelling House.

Frog Lane.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Rupert Rains James Davison Wadham.

Emily Newton Paine Pauli.

Abraham Rowe. James Trull.

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

46

47

Dwelling House and Yard.

House and Shop

College Green. Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Frog Lane. Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Rupert Eains James Davison Wadham.

Emily Newton Paine Pauli.

Eupert Eains James Davison Wadham.

Emily Newton Paine Pauli.

Caroline Johnes.

James Trull.

Cow Street.

48 Warehouse and Shop Ecclesiastical sioners. Commis- George Lee King Henry Newman. William Charles Jeffery. Edward Lawrence.

49 Dwelling House and Shop. Ecclesiastical sioners. Commis- Richard Hieron Shrapnell. Richard Hieron Shrapnell.

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of making a New Street from the South-west Corner of College Green to Saint George's Road at a Point between Brandon Street and Partition Street* and widening and improving the North Side of St. George's Road between York Place and Waterloo Court. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 3, 989 Square Yards.

PARISH OF ST. AUGUSTINE.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

Upper Lamb Street

1 House The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and Wales. William Tanner -James French. George Trebble. George Powell.

2 Stable Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -James French. George Trebble. George Trebble.

3 Slaughter-house Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -James French. George Trebble. Richard E. Lane.

4 Cottage Joanna Trimnell William Frederick Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell. William Shean.

705

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. % Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

Brandon Street

6 Manufactory Ecclesiastical Commissioners. - College Street Joanna Trimnell William Frederick Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell.

7 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner - Thomas Bolling.

8 House, Shop, and Stable. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner - John Harris. Thomas Cover-dale. William Norman.

9 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner - Joseph Pethy-bridge.

10 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Edward Gwyn Barr. George Phille-rnore.

14 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Jacob Strickland. Margaret Taylor Griffy.

16 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. Henry Harris.

17 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. William Bidgood.

18 Inn - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. John Waldron.

19 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. Elijah Emery.

20 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. Joseph Lawrence.

21 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Brandon Street. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. Alfred Brake.

25 House and Yard. - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters., Francis Waters. George Porter.

26 House and Yard - Ecclesiastical Commis- William Tanner - William Milton.

sioners. Sarah Waters. Francis Waters.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

27 House and Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -Sarah Waters. Francis Waters. George Morse.

28 House and Yard - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner -William Stanbury. Sarah Evans.

29 Inn and Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. St George's Boa William Tanner -Sarah Pinfield. Henry Gray.

33 Inn and Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner Edward Culliford. Dinah Osborne. John Waddell.

34 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner Edward Culliford. Dinah Osborne. John Waddell.

35 Inn «... Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner William Hes. Isaac Jones.

36 Shop, Yard, and Workshop. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner John Griffiths. FrederickParlour.

37 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner John Griffiths. William Wyatt.

38 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner John Griffiths. William Blake.

39 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner John Griffiths. William Whitfield.

40 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner George John Hutchings. Ann M. Hooper. Henry Hooper. Caroline Trout.

41 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Morgan's Gou\ William Tanner George John Hutchings. Ann M. Hooper. Henry Hooper. rt. Benj amin Bower-ing. Daniel M'Garrie.

42 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner George John Hutchings. Ann M. Hooper. Henry Hooper. William Murry.

43 House - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner George John Hutchings. Ann M. Hooper. Henry Hooper. James Malarney.

707

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

St George's Road.

48 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner William Vowles. James Evans. James Evans.

49 House and Shop Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Pump Court William Tanner William Vowles. John Garrett.

50 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner William Vowles. John Carter.

61 Court Ecclesiastical Commissioners. St. George Boat William Tanner William Vowles. Thomas Morgan. John Brookman. 1. John Brookman.

63 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner William Vowles. Thomas Morgan. John Brookman. Thomas Smith.

64 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Joanna Trimnell William Frederick Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell. Henry Broadribb.

65 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Johanna Trimnell William Frederick Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell. Eliza Payne.

66 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Joanna Trimnell William Frederick Trimnell. Thomas Tallis Trimnell. William Downes.

67 Court Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Daniel Mockridge DanielMockridge.

68 Timber Yard Ecclesiastical Commissioners. James Flower -Robert Hussey. Robert Hussey.

69 House and Yard - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. James Flower - James Flower.

70 House and Shop - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. College Street Joseph Winniat - John Hanks.

71 House Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner Thomas Carlile. Francis Gough.

72 House - Ecclesiastical Commissioners. William Tanner Edward Gwyn Barr. James Ledsam.

70S

Cap. 106.

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of widening and improving Bond Street. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 265 Square Yards.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees, Names of Occupiers.

1 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard, known as the " Brandy Cask." Mary Wilkins Louisa Savage. George Savage. Samuel Palmer - Samuel Palmer.

2 Dwelling House and Shop, Bakehouse and Ovens. John Couch Paris Frederick Calder Frederick Calder.

3 Dwelling House and Shop. Jacob Raggatt George William Knell.

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of making a new Street from the East End of Park Row to the West End of Maudlin Street. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 5, 176 Square Yards.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

House and Shop House and Outbuildings.

House and Garden

Church Lane.

Corporation of Bristol -Corporation of Bristol -

Edwin Tardrew

Caroline Floyd. Uriah Goulstone.

- John Moore.

4 | House and Garden o House

9

House, Stables, and Yard.

Inn

House

Shop

Inn and Garden

Corporation of Bristol -

Bristol Steps.

Corporation of Bristol - I -Corporation of Bristol - | -

Griffin Lane.

Corporation of Bristol - Charles J. Fisher Grace Cottrell.

- I James McGuire. John Newman.

Corporation of Bristol -Corporation of Bristol -

Church Lane.

Corporation of Bristol -

John Sellick Ann Ellen Berry.

Susan Oxley.

Elizabeth Jecks.

Ann Andre.

Mary Willis.

Charles J. Fisher Edwin Tardrew -

Charles J. Fisher. Moses Merrick.

George Lyons. James Crabbe. Elizabeth Morris.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

11 Cottage and Garden John Sellick William Smilh.

Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley.

Elizabeth Jecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis.

12 House, Cottage, and

Garden.

13 Sheds, Outbuildings,

and Yard.

Prospect House, Church Lane. Elizabeth Rees William Patterson.

Jonathan T. Maund. Representatives of Joan Langton's Charity.

George Cannington.

William Merry.

Henry Matthews' Samuel Robinson. James Crabbe.

- Thomas Williams.

14

15

16

17

18

19

St MichaeVs Steps.

Cottage and Garden Richard White -

House and Yard w Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley. Elizabeth Jecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis. Richard White

Cottage and Garden Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley. Elizabeth J ecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis. Richard White o

Cottage and Garden Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley. Elizabeth Jecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis. Elizabeth Mary New-

House and Garden - port. Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley. Elizabeth Jecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis. Grijjin Lane. Elizabeth Mary New-

Cottage and Garden port. Ann Ellen Berry. Susan Oxley. Elizabeth Jecks. Sarah Andre. Mary Willis. Corporation of Bristol - Jane McCracken

George Sheppard.

Thomas Staddon.

Thomas Barton Peel.

Richard Curtis.

Mary Ann Bartlett.

Stephen Griffin.

No. Description Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

on Plan. of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

Bristol Steps.

20 Cottage and Garden Corporation of Bristol - Jane McCracken

21 22 Cottage and Yard -House and Yard Corporation of Bristol -Corporation of Bristol - Jane McCracken

23 House and Yard Corporation of Bristol -

24 House and Yard - Corporation of Bristol -

William Fair-brother. Thomas Brenning. Edwin Trotman. George Lyons. James Dewey. George Lyons. Mark Cooksley. George Lyons.

St Michael's Sill.

25

House and Yard

26

27

28

House and Yard

House

House

29

House

30

House and Garden

Frederick Parfitt -

Caroline Herapath Par-fitt.

William Cooper.

Matilda Herapath Kimerly.

Thomas Bussell Cooper. Joseph James Kelson -

Thomas Eades -

Elizabeth Wadham John Wadham.

William Wadham.

James Davison Wadham.

Edward Wadham.

George Wadham.

Elizabeth Wadham. Elizabeth Wadham -

John Wadham.

William Wadham.

James Davison Wadham.

Edward Wadham.

George Wadham.

Elizabeth Wadham. Elizabeth Wadham -

John Wadham.

William Wadham.

James Davison Wadham.

Edward Wadham.

George Wadham.

Elizabeth Wadham.

Henry Wooster.

- William Payne.

- George Harvey.

- Charles Gillard.

- Frederick Painter.

- Henry Stephens.

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

House and Garden - Elizabeth Wadham John Wadham. William Wadham. James Davison Wadham. Edward Wadham. George Wadham. Elizabeth Wadham. Charles Glasson.

House and Garden - Elizabeth Wadham John Wadham, William Wadham. James Davison Wadham. Edward Wadham. George Wadham. Elizabeth Wadham. Laura Davis,

House Sarah Loxton - Henry Perdue.

House - Sarah Loxton - Oswald Allen.

House Sarah Loxton ... Oswald Allen.

House and Shop Robert Chidley Harris Church Lane John Williams - Charlotte Williams.

Cottage and Court - Robert Chidley Harris Henry Griffiths.

Cottage Robert Chidley Harris - William Parsons.

Cottage Robert Chidley Harris - Mark Isaac.

St Michael's Steps.

42 Cottage Prudence Court Joseph B. Taylor. Elizabeth Jones. Prudence Court.

43 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. Prudence Court Joseph B. Taylor. Elizabeth Jones. - John Watkins.

Cottage and Yard - Prudence Court Joseph B. Taylor. Elizabeth J ones. - - John Morgan.

45 Cottage - Prudence Court Joseph B. Taylor. Elizabeth Jones. - — William Lewis Pike.

46 Cottage - Prudence Court Joseph B. Taylor. Elizabeth J ones. James Rowe.

47 Cottage - John C. Creedy - - Void.

48 Cottage - Joseph James Kelson - tot Ann Champness.

3 0 2

Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT,

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for the Purpose of making a new Street from Wilder Street* at the Point opposite York Street* to a Street called Backfields* and widening that Part of the Street called Backfields which runs towards Stokes Croft. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 2*428 Square Yards.

No. on . Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

1 Warehouse - Backfields. John Norman Brown - H. J. Rowley.

2 Stable, Sheds* and William Henry Temple Brigstocke. Hattil Foil Hattil Foil.

3 Yard. Occupation Road - Francis Abbott. Hattil Foil Francis Abbott. Hattil Foil.

4 Farrier's Shop and Francis Abbott. Francis Abbott - -Francis Abbott. Alfred J ones. Thomas Davis. Joseph Dilke. Edwin Welsford. Alfred Jones.

5 Stable. Stable and Shed Francis Abbott Alfred Jones Thomas Davis.

6 Stable, Shed* and Francis Abbott Alfred Jones Joseph Dilke.

7 Yard. Smith's Shop Francis Abbott Alfred Jones Edwin Welsford.

8 Yard Francis Abbott Alfred Jones Alfred Jones.

9 Timber Yard, Sheds* Francis Abbott James Miles Thomas Davis. Joseph Dilke. Edwin Welsford. William Badock.

10 and Sawpit. House - Thomas Rogers Henry Miles. William Sherring Frederick Pillers.

11 Warehouse and Yard William Lewton Clarke (Trustee of the Estate of Richard Tomms, deceased). Representatives of Miss, West. Thomas Rogers William Sherring.

12 House William Lewton Clarke. Representatives of Miss West. Esther Seymour Caroline Parsons.

13 Tenement - Esther Seymour - Daniel Briggs.

14 Tenement Esther Seymour - John Fisher.

15 Tenement , - Esther Seymour - Francis Thomas.

16 Tenement Esther Seymour - John Parsons.

17 House and Shop Esther Seymour - James Seamer.

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Qap. 106. 713

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

18 Passage Esther Seymour Caroline Parsons. Daniel Briggs. John Fisher. Francis Thomas. John Parsons. James Seamer.

19 Malthouse - William Wellington Ball, Frederick Henry Ball, Samuel Alexander, Trustees for — Jane Ann Ball. Ellen Ball. Louisa Singer B&ll. William Wellington Ball. Frederick Henry Ball. William Wellington Ball. Frederick Henry Ball.

Lands and Buildings intended to be taken for widening and improving the Streets called Lodge Court* New Street* Poyntz Pool* and Butchers Row. The Quantity of Land required for this Undertaking is 3*684 Square Yards.

No. Description

on of Lands, Messuages, Plan. Buildings, and Premises.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

House and Shop

House and Shop House and Shop Tenement and Shop Passage

Passage

John Silcox,

John Cordeux *

Mary Silcox,

Trustees for —

Mary Silcox.

Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. Henry Doubting Frederick Nutt J. It. Hopkins John Silcox,

John Cordeux,

Mary Silcox,

Trustees for — »

Mary Silcox.

James Silcox.

John Wesley Silcox. John Silcox John Cordeux.

Mary Silcox.

James Silcox.

John Wesley Silcox. Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. Henry Doubting.

John It. Hopkins.

3 0 3

George Strange -Thomas Newland

Thomas Newland

Thomas Shaddick.

Henry Doubting. George Strange. Thomas Newland. James Silcox.

James Silcox. Thomas Shaddick. Henry Doubting. Thomas Newland.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

7 Tenement and Shop John Silcox John Cor deux. Mary Silcox. Jane Milsom Silcox. - James Fletcher.

8 Tenement Stephen A. Clarke - Martin Eolls.

9 Tenement and Shop John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. William Jayne and Mary Ann his Wife. Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. Charles King.

10 Tenement - John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. Jane Milsom Silcox. Abraham Parker.

11 Tenement Charlotte Bees Huggins Eobert Martin Davis. William Davis. — Thomas Poole.

12 Tenement - Charlotte Bees Huggins Eobert Martin Davis. William Davis. N athanielDolman,

13 Tenement Stephen A. Clarke - Eobert Eendall.

14 Stable John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. William Jayne and Mary Ann his Wife. Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. Charles King Samuel Harding.

15 Passage John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. William J ayne and Mary Ann his Wife. Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. Jane Milsom Silcox. Charles King - Samuel Harding.

16 Tenement and Stable John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. Jane Milsom Silcox. Samuel Harding.

17 Yard called "The Pound" John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. James Silcox. John Wesley Silcox. Joseph Lowless and Mary Ann his Wife. John E. Hopkins. Jane Milsom Silcox. James Silcox.

No. on PlaD. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

17 cont. Stephen A. Clark. William Jayne and Mary Ann his Wife. Charlotte Bees Huggins. Robert Martin Davis. William Davis.

18 Tenement, Stables, and Yard. John Silcox John Cordeux. Mary Silcox. Jane Milsom Silcox. Joseph Pritchard.

19 House and Shop - William Hensley and Ann his Wife. James Lewis and Elizabeth his Wife. W. L. Flook. George Smith Milton. George Smith Milton.

20 Tenement - William Hensley and Ann his Wife. James Lewis and Elizabeth his Wife. W. L. Flook. George Smith Milton. Neverson Walker.

21 House Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. Henry Mead Henry Mead.

22 House Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. Henry Mead Henry Mead.

23 House Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. Henry Mead Henry Mead.

24 Tenement - Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. Void.

25 Tenement Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith, Sarah Ann Barnes. Void.

26 Tenement - Edwin Barnes -Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. Void.

27 Tenement - Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. _ — John Pritchard.

28 House - Edwin Barnes -Ann Houlden. Eliza Smith. Sarah Ann Barnes. John Pritchard.

No. Description Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

on Plan. of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Names of Occupiers.

29

80

31

32

33

34

35

Court

House

Slaughter-house, Shed, and Yard.

Slaughter-house, Stable, Shed, and Yard.

Passage, with Loft over

Edwin Barnes Ann Houlden.

Eliza Smith.

Sarah Ann Barnes. John Pritchard.

John Pritchard The Trustees of the Bristol Charities, viz. — George Thomas. Harman Visger. William Tothill.

Robert Phippen. Michael Castle.

John Fisher.

Frederick Terrell. Thomas Powell. William Herapath. William Sanders. William Terrell. William Henry Harford the younger.-Herbert Thomas.

Henry Abbott.

Henry James Mills. Thomas Canning. Charles Sly Godwin. Thomas Terrett Taylor. Joseph Dodge Weston. Richard Fuidge. William Henry Wills. The Trustees of the Bristol Charities.

The Trustees of the Bristol Charities.

House, Shed, and Yard House

William Orchard

Augustus Payne,

James Wildgoose,

John Dyer,

Trustees for — George Charles Darlington and Emily his Wife.

George Bray and Eliza his Wife.

Richard Taylor. William Townsend Palmer.

W. L. Flook.

- John Pritchard. Henry Mead.

Joseph Shipp -Frederick Nutt.

John Pritchard. Joseph Shipp. Frederick Nutt.

Samuel Alden

Samuel Alden -Joseph Shipp. Frederick Nutt.

William Orchard.

Joseph Shipp. Frederick Nutt. William Orchard. Joseph Pritchard.

John Doyle.

717

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

36 House - ' Augustus Payne James Wildgoose. John Dyer. George Charles Darlington and Emily his Wife. George Bray and Eliza _ his Wife. B-ichard Taylor. William Townsend Palmer. W. L. Flook. Mary Ann Pel-lowe.

37 House and Courtyard Augustus Payne James Wildgoose. John Dyer. George Charles Darlington and Emily his Wife. George Bray and Eliza his Wife. Richard Taylor. William Townsend Palmer. Richard Hyatt.

38 House and Courtyard Augustus Payne James Wildgoose. John Dyer. George Charles Darlington and Emily his Wife. George Bray and Eliza his Wife. Richard Taylor. William Townsend Palmer. Elizabeth Davis.

39 House and Courtyard Augustus Payne James Wildgoose. John Dyer. George Charles Darlington and Emily his Wife. George Bray and Eliza his Wife. Richard Taylor. William Townsend Palmer. William Tyler.

40 House - John Pritchard Fanny Gilmore. - John Pritchard.

41 Yard - The Trustees of the Bristol Charities. - - John Pritchard.

42 House - Henry Pearson Fanny Gilmore. - Henry Pearson.

43 Yard - The Trustees of the Bristol Charities. " " Henry Pearson.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

House and Shop Stephen A. Clark Fanny Gilmore. - Richard Wren.

45 Shed The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol. Walter Johns.

46 Tenement, Sheds, and Yard. The Trustees of the Bristol Charities. - Walter Johns.

47 House John Dole, Trustee for — Sophia, Daughter of William Bond and Ann his Wife. Richard Lewis. Thomas Williams.

48 House Thomas Colman Richard Lewis. - James Brown.

49 House James Bushnell Richard Lewis. - William Clargo.

50 House James Bushnell Richard Lewis. - William Robins.

51 House Charles Leonard - George Morgan.

52 House - Felix Davis George Ward and Clara his Wife. - Robert Shelper.

53 House John Dole William Bond and Ann his Wife. John Harford. (Trustees of Batley's Estate.) Henry Tovey.

54 House William Stokes John Harford. - George Bailey.

55 House William Candle and Sarah his Wife. John Harford. Andrew Brown - William Hunt. Frederick Lewis. Ellen Harvey. Emma Mittens.

56 House William Candle and Sarah his Wife. John Harford. Andrew Brown - Mary Row. Thomas Milton. Daniel Williams.

57 House Henry Adlam John Harford. - Theophilus Edwards.

58 House Henry Adlam John Harford. - Robert Williamson.

59 House Evan E. Jeffris Trustee of the Marriage Settlement of John Cox and Charlotte Evans his Wife. William Hazell.

719

Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). Cap. 106. DERBY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845* within the District of Derby in the County of Derby, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health for the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor* Aldermen* and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby in the County of Derby* by the Council of such Borough acting as the Local Board for that District, have* in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act* 1858* and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed* duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for certain works of street improvement described in such Petition for widening St. James's Lane, the Ward wick, &c .:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners* lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof* or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might* with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid* with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan Esquire* the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District* and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now* therefore, I. as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858* make Order and direct* —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Derby aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845* with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by

agreement, Hosted

720

agreement, so far as relates to the lands* &c. numbered in such Schedule I to 57 inclusive* and 68 and 69* and so far as relates to those portions of the lands, &c. numbered 58 to 67 inclusive as will be required for widening Wardwick* such portions being coloured blue on the plan accompanying the herein-before mentioned report made by Mr. Robert Morgan to me on this Inquiry aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Seventh day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken for widening St. James's Lane, the Wardwick* &c.* as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following.

No. on Plan. Description of Property-proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

1 The " King's Head" Hotel, including Billiard Room, Carriage Houses and Stables, Spirit Vaults, Yard and Outbuildings. Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Mary Huggins.

2 Offices and Warehouse Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Robert Forman and Sons.

3 Shop and Club-rooms over. Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. W. Brunt, David Hallam; Derbyshire Club (Francis Johnson Jes-sopp, Secretary).

4 House, Shop (" Cloth Hall"), Yard, and Workshops. Richard Boden - William Brunt and David Hallam.

5 Shop, Warehouse, and Offices. Walter Pike and William Pike. Robert Wilson, Benjamin Wilson.

6 Shop and Watercloset on Ground Floor and Binding Offices upstairs. Walter Pike and William Pike. Henry Wibberley (Shop unoccupied, late Henry Clark).

7 House, Shop, and Water-closet. Walter Pike and William Pike. ... Thomas Roberts.

8 " Hole- in the -Wall" Wine and Spirit Vaults and Cellars, with Room over Passage and Yard. Richard Boden - Samuel Greensmith.

1866. Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). Cap. 106. 75

No. on Plan Description of Property-proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

9 House and Shop Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. - Daniel Brownswor

10 House and Shop Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. " William Wright.

11 House and Shop Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Joseph Eagers.

12 House - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Mary Kirkham.

13 House - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Hannah Glover.

14 House - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. William Morley.

15 House - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Unoccupied.

16 House used as a Storeroom. Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. George Clayton.

17 Shed and Stable Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Joseph Locker.

18 Plouse - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Unoccupied.

19 House - Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Unoccupied.

20 House and Shop Thomas Boden Forman and Frederick James Forman. Millieent North.

21 House and Shop William Coxon - - Unoccupied.

22 Shop - William Coxon - William Fletcher.

23 Stable and Slaughterhouse and Workshop over same. William Coxon - Jos. Leech ai S. Steele; Edw Meakin.

24 House and Shop Thomas Roe, jun. Thomas Roe, jun. - Unoccupied.

25 House - - Mary Gladwin.

26 House - Thomas Roe, jun. - Anne Boulton.

27 House - Thomas Roe, jun. - Mary Stubbs.

28 House - Thomas Roe, jun. - Caroline Clifton.

29 30 Workshop . -House, Shop, Warehouse, Yard, and Workshops. Thomas Roe, jun. Elizabeth Radford and Anne Radford. Edmund Carnell. Jemima Willisford Edmund Carnell.

31 House and Yard [iVb. 61. Price 2d.] Thomas Roe, jun. 3P Hosted by V Arthur Ufton.

12 Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

Jo. >n [an. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

>2 House, Sliop, and Yard Thomas Roe, jun. William Smith.

3 House and Yard Thomas Roe, jun. - James Smitherd.

4 Offices - Elijah Forman - James Price.

15. House, Shop, and Workshop. Elijah Forman - - William Elliott.

16 House and Shop Elijah Forman - - Elijah Forman.

17 Workshop and Warehouse. Elijah Forman - Elijah Forman.

8 House and Shop Rev. William Darwin Fox. - James Silvers.

9 Shop and Eooms Rev. William Darwin Fox. - Alfred Morris.

.0 Warehouses, Office, and Yard. Rev. William Darwin Fox. — - William Morley.

: i f Shop - James Haskew _ _ Jemima Willisford.

: 2 \ Shop and Offices James Haskew - ' Peter Peal, F. Thompson, and Jos. Hadfield.

3 House, Shop, and Yard William Hives - . - - William Hives.

3 a Warehouse and Room over. William Hives, Norah Greatorex, - William Hives, George Clayton.

4 House, Yard, and Buildings," Swan with Two Necks." Norah Greatorex George Clayton.

5 House, Yard, Stables, Cheese Warehouse, and Buildings," Saracen's Head." John Martin Robert Waller, John Martin.

6 House and Buildings," Old Coach and Horses." Executors of late William Barnes. ' B enj ami n Harold Swan.

: 7 House and Shop Executors of late William Barnes. - James Webster.

[8 House, Shop, and Yard William Crabtree - John Laban.

t9 House and Yard William Crabtree . - _ John Marvill.

>0 House and Yard William Crabtree _ - - Thomas Hewitt.

>i House - - William Crabtree - Mary Thompson.

12 House and Shop William Crabtree - Alfred Hall.

>3 Malthouse William Sparkes - Wm. George Wheel-don.

14 House and Shop William Sparkes - Daniel Broughton.

>5 Workshop Executors of late Daniel Holme. - Robert Johnson.

>6 House - Executors of late Daniel Holme. - Robert Johnson.

17 Shop, Warehouse, and Offices over. Executors of late John Wood. - William Radford, William Borough.

8 House and Shop Lord Scarsdale Rev. Canon W. Beach Thomas. Hosted by CjO( George Jas. Spencer. agle

No. on Plan. Description of Property-proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

59 House, Stable, and Warehouse. Lord Scarsdale - - Alfred Morris.

60 House - Lord Scarsdale - - Charles Taylor.

61 Two Houses Lord Scarsdale - - Bryan Dyer.

62 House, Yard, Office, Workshops, Sawpits, Timber Yard, and Buildings. Lord Scarsdale - Executors of late Thos. Gadsby. Executors of la Thomas Gadsby

63 House, Office, and Pleasure Grounds. Lord Scarsdale - Henry Hutchinsor

64 Brewery and Yard, Offices and Stabling, and Offices over. Moreton Charles Wedge William Alton ai Edward Barneti William Turn Shaw.

65 Offices and Sale Rooms Moreton Charles Wedge - Thomas Newbo and John Olivei

66 House, Yard, Garden, and Store-room. Brasenose College, Oxford (T. H. R. Shand, the Bursar). G-. F. Meynell. William Taylor. Derby Waterwor Company (F. Jessopp, Seci tary).

67 House and Yard Brasenose College, Oxford (T. H. R. Shand, the Bursar). G. F. Meynell. Sarah Wheldon.

Land and Premises required for the widening and improving of Cockpit Hill, ai the junction of the Nottingham and Mansfield Roads, by the removal of tl two public Weighing" Machines there situated respectively, all in the sa: Borough of Derby.

No. on Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

68 Weighing Machine and House, called " Canal Machine, Morledge, Derby." Derby Canal Company (Horatio Bateman, their Clerk). - Frederick Johnsoi

69 Weighing Machine and House, called " SaintMary'sBridge Public Weighing Machine.'* Derby Canal Company (Horatio Bateman, their Clerk). James Bonningto:

3 P 2

724

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3.) 29 & 30 VICT.

SHREWSBURY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Shrewsbury Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Market and Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board in and for the district of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of erecting a market house and other conveniences for holding markets in and for the locality, and for the purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving a certain street called Shoplatch in the said Borough, such land being situate within the district of the said Local Board:

And whereas the said Petition duly sets forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plan accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition, Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, has inquired into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Shrewsbury being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board aforesaid for the District of that Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect

to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, for the purposes herein-before set forth and described.

Given under my hand this Twenty-fifth day of April, One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to, be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the numbers in column refer to those on the plan accompanying the Petition of the Local Board aforesaid.

Parish of St. Chad, Borough of Shrewsbury.

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners. Lessee. Occupiers.

1 House, shop, yard, and privy. John Francis Steedman Henry Thomas Henry Thomas.

2 House, shop, yard, and privy. John Francis Steedman and William Smith, - - Frederick Lewis.

3 House, shop, offices, yard, and privy. The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Shrewsbury. Yoid.

4 House, shop, yard, shed, and privy. Same - Void.

5 Coal-house - Richard Lewis - - Sarah Munday.

6 House Same - - Same.

7 Passage, yard, and privy. Same - - Sarah Munday and Richard Lewis.

8 House, shop, yard, and warehouse. Same - - Richard Lewis.

9 House, shop, yard, and privy. Frances Pool and Mary Pool. - - George Deaves.

10 House, shop, passage, yard, warehouse, William Pugh - Jane Munday,

11 and privy. House, shop, bakehouse, passage, yard, warehouse, and privy. Edward Bullock Thomas Clemson. Thomas Clemson.

12 House, shop, workshop, yard, brew-house, and privy. The Worshipful Company of Drapers, Joshua John Peele their bailiff. Richard Hughes.

13 Passage Same - - Richard Hughes and William Evans.

14 House, shop, workshops, yard, brew-house, and privy. House, shop, yard, warehouse, scullery, and privy. Same William Evans.

15 Same John Miller.

16 Passage - Same 3 P 3 ' John Miller.

726

No.

on

Plan.

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

Description of Property. Owners. Lessee.

House, shop, yard, brewhouse, and Henry Keate -

watercloset.

House, shop, yard, brewhouse, and privy. The trustees under the will of the late James Watkins.

Passage Same -

House, shop, work- Same -

shop, privy, and yard.

Mermaid Inn, stabling, Eichard Edwards -

yard, coach-house, brewhouse, and privy.

House - - Sarah Mayers -

House and shop Same -

House and shop Thomas LockleyMeire -

House - - Eichard Edwards -

House, yard, and privy Same -

House, yard, and privy Lady Charlotte Lyster Mrs.Mary Perry

House, yard, and privy Same Same

Spirit vaults and ware- Mrs. Jane Eaker -

house.

House Ellen Watson ...

House William Watson -

House The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Shrewsbury.

House Same -

House Jane Bowdler -

House Same

House Same.

House Same -

House Same -

House Same -

Passage, yard, and Same.

privy.

House John Fletcher -

House Same -

House Same -

House Same -

House Same -

House Same -

Passage, yard, and Same -

privy.

No.

on Plan. Description of Property. Owners. Lessee. Occupiers.

48 House Eleanor Frail . William Humphrey s.

49 House Same - - Sarah Titley.

50 House Same - - Caroline Lane.

511 5? J Stable Manure heap - Same Same - -: - j- William Owen.

52 Coach-house Same . - Same.

53 Warehouse Same - - Thomas Hughes.

54 Stable Same - Void.

55 Coach-house Same - William Owen.

56 House Same - Ann Howgate.

57 House - - Same - . - Void.

58 House Same _ - - Sarah Forrester.

59 Passage, yard, and Same - William Humphreys,

privy. Sarah Titley, Caroline Lane, William

Owen, Thomas

- Hughes, Ann How-gate, Sarah For-

rester.

60 King's Arms Inn, J ames Reynolds Boyce - William Owen.

stabling, yard, brew-house, and privy. and Eliza Dorothy Boyce his wife,

Ephraim Lloyd and

Ann Topham Lloyd his wife, and Eleanor

Frail.

61 House, yard, and privy Same - Void.

62 Passage Same - - William Owen.

63 House and yard The Worshipful Com- - Alfred Millar.

pany of Drapers, Joshua John Peele

their bailiff.

64 House - Same - - Joshua Orme.

65 House Same - - Martha Oliver.

66 Yard, brewhouse, and Same . _ - - Joshua Orme and

privy. Martha Oliver.

67 Passage and yard Same - - Alfred Millar, Joshua

Orme, and Martha Oliver.

68 House, yard, brew- Eleanor Frail - - John Tans well.

house, and privy.

69 House, spirit vaults, Same - - Francis Fletcher.

warehouse, yard, brewhouse, and privy. Joseph Shaw.

70 Warehouse, yard, and Joseph Shaw -

privies. Francis Fletcher.

70 a Yard Same -

71 House, yard, scullery, Benjamin Bissall - - John Davies.

and privy. John Davies, Joseph

72 Passage and yard Benjamin Bissall and -

Eleanor Frail. Shaw, and Francis Fletcher.

728

Cap. 106.

Local Government Supplemental {No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

Ho. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners. Lessee. Occupiers.

73 House, shop, and warehouse. Richard Breeze - Joseph Pitts.

74 House and shop Same - W alter Benj amin Blount.

75 Passage, yard, and privy. Same Joseph Pitts and Walter Benjamin Blount.

76 House, shop, yard, and privy. Same - Emma Watkins.

77 House and shop Henry Thomas - Void.

78 House and shop Samuel Smith - - Edward Smout.

79 House and shop Same - William Bumford.

80 House, brewhouse, and privy. William Powell - William White.

81 Passage and yard John Francis Steedman and William Powell. Henry Thomas and William White.

NETHERTHONG.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Netherthong Local Board, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Road Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Netherthong in the West Riding of the County of York, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of making and constructing a new public Road or Street to lead from the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road at Bridge Mill to Town Gate, such land being situate within the District of the said Local Board:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose as shown in the Plan accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dis- sented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement,

729

Local Government Supplemental (No* 3). Cap. 106.

ment; and on the receipt of such petition* Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan* Esquire* the Inspector appointed for the purpose* to visit the said District* and the said inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition* and has duly reported thereon:

Now* therefore* I. as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* do hereby* in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act* 1858* make Order and direct* —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order* —

1. The Local Board for the District of Netherthong shall be empowered to put in force* with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed* the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act* 1845* with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-fourth day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following.

Quantity of Land required. Owners or reputed Owners. Tenants or Occupiers. Lessees Ifame.

Yards. 450 Reverend Thomas James John Mallinson.

1672 and Penistone School Trustees. Penistone School Trustees - John Mallinson.

797 Mrs. S. Woodhead's Trustees Joshua Woodhead.

1921 Martin Kidd George Bower.

1870 Cookson Stephenson George Bower John Thorp

908 Joseph Turner In his own occupa- Taylor.

tion.

WEST HOVE.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act* 1845* within the District of West Hove, in the County of Sussex, for the Purchase of Lands in the aforesaid District for Street Improvements* $*<?.

Whereas the West Hove Improvement Commissioners, acting under the Hove Improvement Act* 1858* within the

District,

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

District of West Hove, in the County of Sussex, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, portions of which last-mentioned Act have been adopted by them in such District, and after complying with the requirements of the said 75 th section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable them to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for purposes of road improvement in that District:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the pieces of land and buildings intended to be taken for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings, who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Commissioners, and such Petition prayed that they might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Improvement Commissioners shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-eighth day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six,

(Signed) G. Grey.

1866. Local Government Supplemental (iVh. 3). Cap. 106. 731

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land, Buildings* and Premises proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the Numbers in Column 1. refer to those on the Plan accompanying the Petition of the West Hove Improvement Commissioners.

Number on Plan. Description of Property to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier. '

1. Buildings and Land adjoining or near the Brighton and Shoreham (Lower) Road in the said Parish of Hove, containing 518 Yards or thereabouts. Philip Hedgcock. Philip) Hedgcock.

2. Buildings and Land in or near Church Street in the Parish of Hove, containing 402 Yards or thereabouts. Philip Hedgcock. Philip Hedg-eock.

NEW WINDSOR.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the New Windsor Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Road Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the said Borough, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1849, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving certain streets and highways in the said Borough, such land being situate within the District of the said Local Board of Health:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plan accompanying

732

Cap. 106. Local Government Supphmeniul (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

panying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Bobert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of New Windsor being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board of Health for the District of that Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-sixth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the numbers in column refer to those on the Plan accompanying the Petition of the Local Board of Health.

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1. Dwelling-house, shop, outbuildings, garden, and premises on the south side of Grove Place, New Windsor, and piece of garden ground on the west side of Love Lane, New Windsor. William Henry Wicks, Platt Villa, Putney, Surrey, and Thomas Henry Baker, 29, Spring Gardens, Middlesex (Mortgagee). Mary Ann Short, Spital Road, New Windsor. Mary Ann Short.

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

2. Dwelling-house, garden, and, premises in Lammas Avenue, New Windsor. William Pitch, Lammas Avenue, New Windsor. - William Pitch.

3. A portion of a public footpath known as Lammas Avenue, New Windsor. New Windsor Local Board of Health, William Pitch, and George Henry Long.

4. A piece of garden' ground on the west side of Love Lane, New Windsor. George Henry Long, Spital Road, New Windsor. William Pinch, St. George's Place, Peascod Street, New Windsor,

5. A piece of garden ground on the west side of Love Lane, New Windsor. George Henry Long - William Wright, Victoria Street, New Windsor.

6. A piece of garden ground on the west side of Love Lane, New Windsor. George Henry Long - " " James Nash, Peascod Street, New Windsor.

7. A piece of garden ground on the west side of Love Lane, New Windsor. George Henry Long - George Henry Long.

HANLEY.

Provisional Order 'putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Hanley Local Board for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements.

Whereas t the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Hanley, in the County of Stafford, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board in and for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of .land for the purpose of widening, enlarging, and improving Piccadilly, and certain other streets and highways in the said Borough, such land being situate within the District of the said Local Board:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plan accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to

the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Hanley, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board for the District of that Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-eighth day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Lands proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following; and the Numbers in Column refer to those on the Plan accompanying the Petition of the Local Board.

PIEST PART.

As to Improvement of Piccadilly.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 Portion of Shop in Dwelling House, and Bedroom over same. George Paddock - C. M. Tourton.

2 Portion of Shop and Refreshment-room, and Bedrooms over same, also Portion of Stairs and Cellar Entrance Landing. George Paddock - Fanny Pelling Fanny Pelling.

3 Shop and Bedroom and Portion of Sitting-room and Bedroom over same, also Portion of Cellar Steps and Stairs. George Paddock - John Bell.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

4 Dwelling House and Shop, Store-room and Entry, and Bedrooms over same, and Cellar under Shop, and Entry and Cellar Steps. George Paddock - Clement Howson. Clement Howson.

5 Dwelling House and Shop, Y ard Entry, and Portion of Kitchen, and Bedrooms over same, and Cellar under Shop, and Sitting-room, and Cellar Steps. George Paddock - Ebenezer Cruik shank. Ebenezer Cruikshank.

6 Shop, Waiting-room, Photograph - room, Lumber-room, and Cellar. George Paddock Stephen Chesters. Stephen Chesters.

7 Room used as BeerYaults, Two Rooms downstairs, Urinal, and Two Rooms downstairs and Stairs, also Passage used as Yard. William Grosvenor, Alfred Brook Fox, and James Fox. J ohn Wilkinson. John Wilkinson.

8 Shop, Photograph-room, Bakehouse, Yard, Room downstairs and Steps to Photograph-room, and One Bedroom with Stairs to same. William Grosvenor, Alfred Brook Fox, and James Fox. Henry Birks Henry Birks.

9 Portion of Shop used for Sale of Shoes and Boots. James Cliffe . Josiah Roberts.

10 Portion of Office and Room over same (this Room is also over the Shop occupied by Josiah Roberts), with Stairs to Room above used as Accountants' Offices. James Cliffe John Coates Daniel.

SECOND PART.

As to the Improvement of Albion Street,

11 Brick Wall, Stone Co- Henry Ward Bernard

ping, Cast Iron Palisades, Garden Walk, Collett.

and Portion of Garden.

Bernard Collett.

3 Q 2

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

12 As to the 1 Nine-inch Brick Wall, THIRD PARI improvement of Staff Section A. George Dale ord Street. William Adkins.

13 and front Land paved with Dust Bricks and Common Blue Bricks, and Steps to front Entrance. Nine-inch Brick Re- George Dale George Dale.

14 taining Wall, and front Land paved with Dust Bricks and Common Blue Bricks, and Steps to front Entrance. Portion of Downstairs Section B. Ralph Booth Elizabeth Elkin.

15 Room, Stairs, Pantry, and Landing upstairs, and Bedroom in Dwelling House. Dwelling House, con- Samuel Goldstraw Ann Torkington.

16 taining Downstairs Room, Pantry, Stairs, One Room upstairs. Dwelling House, con- Samuel Goldstraw James Mahon.

17 taining Downstairs Room, Pantry, Stairs, One Room upstairs. Portion of Downstairs Thomas Cooper Thomas Cooper.

18 Room, Pantry, Yard, and Two upstairs Roenns in Dwelling House. Portion of Entry, Stable, Section C. William Rochell - John Rochell.

19 and Loft. Portion of Smith's Shop Mary Trubshaw - w w M George Leek.

20 and Shoeing Shop, and Workshop over same, and Steps to Workshop. Portion of Potter's Section D. John Dimmock - John Dimmock.

Hovel, built with Brick.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

FOURTH PART. As to the Improvement of Old Hall Street.

21 Portion of Stable Yard, and Boundary Wall of same, and Entrance Gateway. Francis Davis Charles Sutton.

22 Pigstye and Portion of Yard, and Brick Boundary Walls of same, and Occupation Road used by Occupiers of Francis Davis. Francis Davis Lenford Allen.

23 Portion of Bar Parlour in Beerhouse with Bedroom over, and Portion of Store-room and Two Yards, with Brick Boundary Walls to one, and Brick Boundary W all, Stone Coping, and Cast Iron Palisades, with Step into the Yard to the other Yard leading to Front Entrance. James Walworth - Samuel Foster.

24 Portion of Downstairs ' Room in Dwelling House, and Bedroom and Entry. James Walworth - George Phillips.

25 Portion of Downstairs Room in Dwelling House and Bedroom. James Walworth - Hannah Sheppard.

26 Portion of Downstairs Room in Dwelling House and Bedroom. James Walworth - Mary Lloyd.

27 Portion of Stable and front Yard with Brick Boundary Wall and Entrance Gateway. Mary Mellor George Pitchford.

28 Portion of Entrance Passage in Beerhouse, with Steps to same, and Portion of Bar Parlour, and Cellar under Bar Parlour and Passage. James Barlow 3 Q 3 James Barlow.

No. on Plan. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

29 Portion of Garden, with Brick Boundary Walls and Cast Iron Palisades to same, and Stone Coping on Top of Walls. Elizabeth Meigh - Grosvenor John Wades.

80 Portion of Downstairs .Room in Dwelling House, and Shop used for Sale of Shoes, and Bedroom over same. Elizabeth Meigh - William Latham.

31 Portion of Pool and Land, with Brick Boundary Walls, and Stone Coping. Old Hall Earthenware Company, Limited. Old Hall Earthenware Company, Limited.

32 Portion of Kitchen and Scullery in Dwelling House, and Bedroom over same. Mary Ann Heath - Thomas Johnson.

33 Portion of Downstairs Room in Dwelling House, and Bedroom and Pantry. Rebecca Heath - Job Clewlow.

34 Portion of Downstairs Room in Dwelling House, and Bedroom. Mary Ann Heath - William Clewlow.

35 Portion of Front Yard of Cottage, with Brick Boundary Wall, and Steps at Entrance to Yard, paved with common Blue Bricks, and Portion of Entry. Sarah Brooks James Brooks.

36 Portion of Front Yard of Cottage, paved with common Blue Bricks, with retaining Brick Wall, and Wood Palisades and Steps to Entrance. Joseph Peake Ann Palin.

37 Portion of Dwelling House used as a Shop and Lobby, and of Bedroom over same, and Front Land, with Cellar Grid and Portion of Cellar. James Billington - James Billington.

38 Portion of Shop and Entry, with Bedroom over same. Elizabeth Twigg - Elizabeth Twigg.

No. on Plan,

39

40

41

42

43

44

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or ' reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Portion of Shop and Entry, with Bedroom over same and Portion of Cellar. Enoch Bold - Jemima Ratcliffe.

Portion of Parlour in Dwelling House, and Portion of Entry, Bedroom over. Enoch Bold Thomas Cottrell Shaw.

Portion of Lead House, Elizabeth Meigh - J amesWilliam J ames William

Land, Counting House, Office, Mould Chamber, Potters' Workshop, Machine House, Land used as Sherd Heap, 2 Privies and Brick Boundary Wall, and *Steps to Counting House and Office, all being in an Earthenware Manufactory. FIFTH PART. Pankhurst. Pankhurst.

As to the Improvement of New Street

Portion of Downstairs Room in Dwelling House, Bedroom, Front Yard, with Brick Boundary Wall. Mary Mellor SIXTH PART. w George Pitchford.

As to the Improvement of Swan Street -

Portion of Bar Parlour, Bar, Passage, and Two Bedrooms over same, and Portion of Cellar under Passage in a House used as a Beerhouse. Jonathan ' Henry Adams, Thomas Stubbs.

Portion of Shop, Kitchen with Rooms over same, Portion of Yard with Brick Boundary Wall, and Portion of Scullery Cellar Steps, Cellar, Stairs, and Landing at Top of Stairs in Dwelling House, used as a Grocer's Shop. Peter Carr Joseph Lawrence.

740

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

BURNLEY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of the Borough of Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings to widen, alter, and improve certain Streets within the aforesaid District:

And whereas the said petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District; and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Burnley aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the

Lands

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Thirty-first day of May in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, and shown upon the Plans accompanying the said Local Board's Petition, are the following, showing the Property so proposed to be taken otherwise than by agreement.

Description of Land, Buildings, and Premises to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

The messuage, inn, or public-house and premises called the Old Red Lion Inn, situate in St James Street and Market Street. Daniel Thwaites - - Ann Robertson.

The fishmonger's shop and premises adjoining the said Old Red Lion Inn, and situate in St. James Street. Daniel Thwaites - Ann Robertson. Bridget Henry.

The butcher's shop and premises adjoining the said fishmonger's shop, and situate in St. James Street. Daniel Thwaites - Jane Diggle Edward Dig-gle. William Emmett.

The two rooms over or adjoining the back portion of the said butcher's shop and premises, now occupied with the Swan Inn, situate in St. James Street. Daniel Thwaites - Jane Diggle. Edward Diggle.

ACCRINGTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Accrington, in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Market Improvements, &c.

Whereas the Local" Board of Health for the District of Accrington, in the County of Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings to provide within their District additional Market conveniences for the purpose of holding Markets, and for providing buildings and approaches, &c. necessary for the convenient use of such Market, &c .:

And

Cap. 106. Local Government Supplemental (No. 3). 29 & 30 VICT.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes* and the names of the owners* lessees* and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings* who have assented* dissented* or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might* with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan* Esquire* the Inspector appointed for the purpose* to visit the said District* and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition* and has duly reported thereon:

Now* therefore* I. as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* do hereby* in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act* 1858* make Order and direct* — That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Accrington aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force* with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed* and in the Petition herein-before referred to* and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition* the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act* 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Eighth day of May in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and Premises proposed to be taken* as described in the foregoing Order* and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition* are the following* showing the Property so proposed to be taken otherwise than by Agreement.

No. on Plan. Description of Land. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Occupiers.

11 Land and Build- Benjamin Benjamin Walmsley,

ings. Walmsley* Esq. Esq.

12 Do. Mr. Francis Mr. Francis Har-

Hargreaves. greaves.

Mr. Robert Ingham-

1866.

743

Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858/' relating to the Districts of Ramsgate, Leominster, Stalybridge, Lincoln, Maidstone, Banbury, Tunbridge Wells, Bedford, and Southampton; and for other Purposes relative to Districts under the said Act.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Depart- merit, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secre-

taries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders

which are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act 6 that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until

they shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and it is

expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and 6 other Provisions made with respect to certain Districts f already under the Local Government Act aforesaid

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect

as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The General District Pate leviable within the District of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, under the Local Government Act, 1858, shall not exceed in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound Sterling upon the net annual Value of Property assessable thereto within such District; provided that if it shall at any Time appear that the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound is not sufficient, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Parish of Ramsgate, acting as the Local Board for such District, with the Consent of the [Ratepayers of the said Parish of Ramsgate, in Vestry assembled (of which Vestry Meeting Notice shall be given in the Manner prescribed by Section Five of the Local Act referred to in the Provisional Order bearing Date the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, relating to the aforesaid District of Ramsgate, and contained in the Schedule to the Local Government Supplemental Act (1865) No. 5.), to increase the Rate from One Shilling to One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound Sterling upon the aforesaid net annual Value.

3. Every Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, and other Officer acting under the Local Act recited in the Provisional Order for

Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Limitation as to Amoimt of General District Rate in District of Ramsgate.

Compensation to Officers under Lincoln

Local Act who may be removed.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 107. Local Government Supj)Icmental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

the City and Borough of Lincoln in the Schedule of this Act contained. Part of which Local Act is repealed by the said Order, whose Office shall, by reason of the Transfer of the Powers of the Commissioners to the Local Board, be wholly or in part superseded and rendered unnecessary, or who shall at any Time within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act, except for Misconduct, be removed wholly or in part from such Office, and not be employed and retained in an Office of equal Value, by the Local Board for the said City and Borough of JAncoln, shall be entitled to have an adequate Compensation for the Profits, Salary, and Emoluments of the Office which he shall cease to hold; the said Compensation to be by way of Annuity or otherwise, and to be assessed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury upon the Report of the said Local Board, to be made within Three Months after any such Person shall have been superseded in his Office, founded upon a Declaration made by such Person setting forth the Salary, Profits, and Emoluments derived by him and his Predecessors for every Year during a Period of Five Years next before the Day when he shall have ceased to hold such Office, and such other Evidence as the said Local Board may require as to the Amount, Nature, and Particulars of such Profits; and in assessing the same regard shall be had to the Manner of his Appointment to such Office, and his Term therein; and the said Local Board shall from Time to Time pay to the Person entitled to Compensation, out of any General District Rates, the Money which shall upon such Report, and any Appeal or Reclamation against the same, be finally awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as the same shall become due and be payable.

4. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

5. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1866 " (No. 4).

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Ramsgate. — Alteration of the Ramsgate Improvement

Act, 1838, in force within the District of Ramsgate.

2. Leominster. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts

in force within the District of Leominster.

3. Stalybridge. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local

Act in force within the District of the Local Board of Stalybridge.

4. Lincoln. — Alteration of the Local Act in force within the

Local Board's District.

5. Maidstone.

745

Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

. 5. Maidstone. — Alteration and Repeal of Parts of Local Acts in force within the Maidstone Local Board District.

6. Banbury. — For partial Repeal and Alteration of a Provisional Order, applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Banbury, and of the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852.

7. Tunbridge Wells. — For partial Repeal and Alteration of

a Provisional Order confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864, (No. 2.)

8. Bedford. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consoli-

dation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board otherwise than by Agreement, for Purposes of Drainage and Water Supply.

9. Southampton. — For Extension of the borrowing Powers

of the Local Board of Health.

RAMSGATE.

Provisional Order for the Alteration and Amendment of the Ramsgate Improvement Act, 1838, in force within the District of the Ramsgate Local Board.

Whereas the Commissioners acting in execution of a certain Local Act of Parliament passed in the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty (cap. 70.), intituled " An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving of the Parish of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, and for " regulating the Police thereof," have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Parish of Ramsgate: And whereas the said Commissioners acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the Local Government Act, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth; and such alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the said Local Act were effected by a Provisional Order, under my hand, confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865 (No. 5.):

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as such Local Board have now presented a further Petition to me, praying for a further partial repeal of the said Local Act, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth; and it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said Petition, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me

746

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

by the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my band, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act aforesaid of 1 & 2 Vict. cap. 70. shall be further altered and amended as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly: —

The 61st section of the said Local Act (partially altered by the Provisional Order dated the second day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five) shall be further altered as follows; that is to say, instead of the words " loitering or remaining now forming part of such section, the words " loiter or remain " shall be substituted, and also by inserting therein after the words " upon any footway or causeway," now forming part of that section, the words " road, lane, square, or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not," and by inserting therein before the words " to the common danger of passengers/' now also forming part of the same section, the word "or," and by inserting therein before the words " or make or assist in making any bonfire," now also forming part of that section, the words "or who (not being the Common Crier, and lawfully engaged) shall ring or sound or use, or cause to be rung or sounded, any bell or other noisy instrument for the purpose of calling persons together, or for announcing any show or entertainment, or of hawking, selling, distributing, or collecting any article whatever."

2. — So much of section 83 of the said Local Act as relates

to bathing machines, or the persons attending the same, shall continue in full force and unrepealed, notwithstanding and after the making of byelaws under the 68th section of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, and after such byelaws shall have come into operation.

3. — All the provisions of the said Local Act remaining un-

repealed by the said Provisional Order first hereinbefore mentioned, and by the present or by any Provisional Order to be hereafter issued, shall be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and the Local Board shall be the Commissioners for executing such unrepealed portions of the said Local Act, and shall use, exercise, and enjoy, and be subject to all the rights, powers, duties, liabilities, and obligations which at the time of the election next herein-after mentioned belong or attach to the Commissioners and the Local Board aforesaid respectively.

4. — Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the said Local Act contained, the number of the Commissioners for putting in execution the said Local Act shall, from and after the election next herein-after

mentioned.

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

mentioned, be twenty-four in number, one third of whom shall form a quorum, and one fourth shall in each year go out of office and cease to be Commissioners, the vacancies caused thereby being filled up as in the Local Act, mutatis mutandis, is provided; the Rotation List to be formed within four months from the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Provisional Order, but in other respects in the manner mentioned in the 6th section of the said Local Act.

5. — On the third Monday next after the passing of any

Act of Parliament confirming this present Order there shall be an election by the ratepayers of the Parish of Ramsgate, assembled in vestry, of the whole number of the twenty-four Commissioners: Provided always, that until such election shall have taken place the Commissioners who shall be in office at the time of the confirmation of such last-mentioned Provisional Order shall be and remain the Commissioners for putting the Local Act into execution, and for exercising the powers and duties of the Local Board, and that any one or more of the said Commissioners shall be eligible to be elected on the said Board of twenty-four Commissioners: Provided also, that if from any cause in any subsequent year the election of Commissioners shall not take place, the Commissioners then in office shall continue in office until such election shall have been made.

6. — When and so soon as the election of the said twenty-

four Commissioners shall have taken place, all the lands, hereditaments, estates, property, and effects of and belonging to the Commissioners under the Local Act, or which belonged to the said Commissioners immediately before the adoption of the Local Government Act, 1858, as herein-before mentioned, and which have not since become vested in the said Local Board, shall, in default of and subject to any and all intermediate dispositions thereof, pass to and be vested in the Local Board for the said District of Ramsgate.

7. — Any monies which may at the close of any financial year

be in the hands of the Treasurer, and which may not be required for any of the purposes of the Local Act aforesaid, shall from time to time be transferred by such Treasurer to the credit of the General District Rate levied by the Local Board under and by virtue of the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858; and such monies shall in such case be applicable to the purposes of the said General District Rate, and shall be applied thereto.

Given under my hand this Twenty-first day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

3 R 2

748

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

LEOMINSTER.

Provisional Order for the partial Repeal and Alteration of the Leominster Local Acts in force within the District of the Leominster Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Leominster in the County of Hereford, by the Council of the said Borough, have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Borough; and the said Council acting as a Local Board, under and for the purposes of such Act, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the herein-after recited Local Acts in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth; that is to say.

An Act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third (48 Geo. 3. cap. 148.), intituled <c An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Leominster in the " County of Hereford, and in the Township of Luston, in the " Parish of Eye, in the said County, and for paving and " otherwise improving the streets and other public places within the Town of Leominster in the said County Also, an Act. passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Victoria (1 Vict. c&p. 14.), intituled u An Act to amend an Act of the forty-eighth year of the reign of His Majesty " King George the Third, relating to the improvement of the " Town of Leominster in the County of Hereford

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report duly made to me thereon by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the inspector appointed for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act (48 Geo. 3. cap. 148.) shall be repealed,

saving and excepting the sections thereof described and referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

2. — The Local Act (1 Vict. cap. 14.) shall be repealed, saving

and excepting the sections thereof described and referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

3.- The

1866.

749

Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

3. — The powers, authorities, and duties of the Trustees for the time being acting in the execution of the Local Acts herein-before recited shall cease and determine; and such powers, authorities, and duties shall be transferred to and become vested in the Local Board aforesaid.

4. — All the property and estate of the Trustees acting in

execution of the said Local Acts shall be transferred to and become vested in the said Local Board, and the latter shall have full power and authority absolutely to sell and dispose of the same, or any part or parts thereof, for all or any of the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858.

5. — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Acts shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and if such property and estate shall be insufficient for that purpose, then such debts and liabilities may be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858; and it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums as shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities, as if such debts and liabilities had been incurred under the said Local Government Act.

6. — All arrears of rates or monies that may be due and

owing to the Trustees acting under the herein-before recited Local Acts at the date of the passing of this Act shall be transferred and paid over to the aforesaid Local Board on or before the first day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

7. — All expenses under the unrepealed portions of the said

Acts shall be borne by the rates leviable in the said District under the said Local Government Act, as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act.

8. — The provisions of the said herein-before recited Local

Acts not hereby repealed shall be incorporated with the said Local Government Act, and the said Local Board shall execute the said unrepealed portions of such Acts, Given under my hand this Twentieth day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Gret.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The sections to be retained in the herein-before recited Local Acts are, —

1. — In the said firstly herein-before recited Local Act (48 Geo. 3. cap. 148.), the sections numbered respec-3 It 3 tively

759

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

tively 62, 63, 64, 75, 81 (except the paragraph imposing a penalty for leaving cellar windows open), and 82.

2. — In the said secondly herein-before recited Local Act (1 Vict. cap. 14.), the sections numbered respectively 6, 13, 14, 15, and 25 to 31, both inclusive.

STALYBRIDGE. £

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Stalybridge Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stalybridge in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, acting as the Local Board in and for the Borough aforesaid, in which parts of the Local Government Act, 1858, and of the Acts incorporated therewith, are in force, have, in pursuance of such first herein-before mentioned Act, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth (9 Geo. 4. c. 26.), and intituled " An Act for " lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town " of Stalybridge in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and " Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof, and for " establishing and regulating a Market and erecting a " Market Place within the said Town:"

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The following part of the 160th section of the said hereinbefore recited Local Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth shall be repealed, so far as the provisions thereof apply to and are in force within the limits of the aforesaid District of the Borough of Stalybridge; that is to say, the words - (occurring in the twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,

twenty-ninth, and thirtieth lines of sec. 160 of such

Act,

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

Act, printed by the King's Printers at the time of such Act being passed)," but so nevertheless that there " shall not be owing upon the security last aforesaid "' at any one time more than the aggregate sum of u six thousand pounds and, notwithstanding the said limitation of their borrowing powers, the said Local Board may, under and according to the provisions of the said Local Act, the parts of the Local Government Act, 1858, and of the Acts incorporated therewith, and duly adopted in the Stalybridge District, exercise borrowing powers, not to exceed at any one time the sum of twenty thousand pounds, on security of the Police and Improvement Rate or Assessment to be levied by them in their District.

Given under my hand this Eighteenth day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

LINCOLN.

Provisional Order for the partial Repeal and Alteration of the Lincoln Local Act in force within the District of the Lincoln Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City and Borough of Lincoln, by the Council of the said City and Borough, have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for their District; and the said Council acting as a Local Board, under and for the Purposes of such Act, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the herein-after recited Local Act in force within the said District having relation to the Purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, or Individuals for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth; that is to say.

An Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth (9 Geo. 4. cap. 27.), intituled " An Act for " paving, lighting, watching, and improving the City of " Lincoln, and the Bail and Close of Lincoln, in the " County of Lincoln, and for regulating the police " therein

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report duly made to me thereon by Arnpld Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to. issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, Hosted

752

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental {No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct, that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act (9 Geo. 4. cap. 27.) shall be repealed, so far as relates to the sections set forth and referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and all exemptions from rating conferred by such Act shall cease and determine.

2 — The powers, authorities, and duties of the Commissioners for the time being acting in the execution of the Local Act herein-before recited shall cease and determine; and such powers, authorities, and duties shall be transferred to and become vested in the Local Board aforesaid.

3. — All the property and estate of the Commissioners acting

in execution of the said Local Act shall be transferred to and become vested in the said Local Board, and the latter shall have full power and authority absolutely to sell and dispose of the same, or any part or parts thereof, for all or any of the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858.

4. — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Act shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and if such property and estate shall be insufficient for that purpose, then such debts and liabilities may be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858; and it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums as shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities.

5. — All arrears of rates or monies that may be due and

owing to the Commissioners acting under the hereinbefore recited Local Act at the date of the passing of this Act shall be transferred and paid over to the aforesaid Local Board on or before the first day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and the said Local Board shall have all the powers and remedies for recovering and enforcing payment of any arrears of the said rates remaining unpaid after the passing of the said Act confirming this Order as were vested in the said Commissioners under the said Local Act.

6. — All expenses under the unrepealed portions of the said

Local Act shall be borne by the rates leviable in the said

1866.

753

Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

said District under the said Local Government Act as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act.

7. — The provisions of the said herein-before recited Local Act

not hereby repealed shall be incorporated with the said Local Government Act, and the said Local Board shall execute the unrepealed portions of such Act.

8. — The provisions of clauses 74, 75, 76, and 93 of the said

Local Act (9 Geo. 4.) shall be considered as having relation to the ninth day of May one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, the day on which the said Act received the Eoyal assent.

, 9. — The powers vested by section 92 of the said Local Act in Justices of the Peace shall be in future vested in the said Local Board as well as in the said Justices.

10. — The powers given by section 28 of the Towns Police

Clauses Act, 1847, to any constable or other officer appointed by that or the special Act shall be vested in the police constables of the city of Lincoln.

11. — The Local Board aforesaid shall have no power, without the previous consent in writing of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, under the hand of their Chapter Clerk, to affix, set up, *or place any such lamps, lamp-posts, irons, and works as are referred to in the 46th section of the Local Act aforesaid (9 Geo. 4. cap. 27.) upon or against the walls or buildings of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, or upon or against the palisades or railings surrounding the same.

12. — Any duties imposed by the provisions of the said Local

Act (9 Geo. 4.) not hereby repealed on the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall be discharged by the Clerk to the said Local Board, and all notices required to be given by such provisions, or by the said Local Government Act, 1858, either to Members of the Local Board of the Meetings of the Board, or otherwise, or to any other person or persons, may be signed by the Clerk for the time being to the said Local Board.

Given under my hand this Twenty-second day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The sections to be repealed in the herein-before recited Local $ Act (9 Geo. 4. cap. 27.) are the following: —

1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19,

20, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 36,

37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 49, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61,

3,

754

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 7 L, 72, 73, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 109, 110, 111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, 137, 138, 140, 141, 142, 143, 144, 145, 146 147, 148, 149, 150, 151, 152, 153, 154, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 168, and 169.

MAIDSTONE.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Maidstone Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Maidstone in the County of Kent, acting as the Local Board in and for the Borough aforesaid, in which the Local Government Act, 1858, is in force, have, in pursuance of such Act, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the Borough and Parish of Maidstone, having relation to the Purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

The Acts 31 Geo. 3. c. 62 .; 36 Geo. 3. c. 66 .; 42 Geo. 3. c. 90 .; 59 Geo. 3. c. 16 .; 5 Geo. 4. c. 109 .:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition by Arnold Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The said Local Acts shall be repealed and altered as

specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

2. — All the powers, rights, duties, and authorities of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Acts under the unrepealed portions of the said Acts shall pass to the said Local Board.

3. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in

the execution of the said Local Acts shall be transferred to the said Local Board, and all arrears of rates or monies that may be due and owing to the said Commissioners at the time of the passing of this Act

1866. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

Act shall be payable to the said Local Board as they would have been payable to the said Commissioners if this Act had not been passed.

4. — All debts contracted* and all monies, and securities for money payable, by such Commissioners shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board out of money to be borrowed on the security of the rates under the Local Government Act, 1858, in the same manner as if such debts had been incurred, and such securities given, under the said Local Government Act.

Given under my hand this Seventeenth day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) S. H. Walpole.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The following are the Local Acts to be wholly and entirely repealed; viz.: —

31 Geo. 3. c. 62.

36 Geo. 3. c. 66.

42 Geo. 3. c. 90.

The Local Act 59 Geo. 3. c. 16. shall be repealed, except Sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and 26; and the aforesaid 16th and 17th Sections of such Act shall hereafter be read and be of effect as if the power thereby conferred to make wharves on certain land therein described, and to take tolls thereat, likewise authorized and extended to the forming, constructing, and maintaining of wharves at or on any part of the land belonging or which may hereafter belong to the Local Board which may abut upon or have a frontage to the River Medway, and taking tolls thereat.

The aforesaid 18th Section, moreover, shall be read and taken to empower the Local Board acting under and in execution of it to recover by action at law, and also in the same way as penalties, all tolls imposed by the said Act as altered by this Order; and the tolls imposed by the aforesaid 20th Section shall be recoverable in the same manner as tolls under Section 18. as altered by this Order.

The Local Act 5 Geo. 4. c. 109. shall be wholly and entirely retained, excepting the penalty of 40s. now imposed by the 20th Section of the said Act on persons selling or hawking goods outside the markets, and except the proviso at the end of the 24th Section of the said Local Act, limiting the rents for stalls or shops rented by the year, half year, or by the quarter.

Banbury.

755

756

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

BANBURY.

Provisional Order for the partial Repeal and Alteration of a Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Banbury, and of the First Public Health Supplemental Act9 1852.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the District of Banbury, comprising the corporate borough of Banbury and the non-corporate townships, hamlets, or places of Neithrop, Hardwick, Calthorpe, Wickham, and Easington, in the County of Oxford, and Grimsbury and Nethercote in the County of Northampton (the same being an area coextensive with the ecclesiastical Parish of Banbury), by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 28th day of July 1851, confirmed by the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852; and whereas by the 4th section of the last herein-before mentioned Act it is provided," That the rates leviable within the District of Banbury, as constituted by the Order in the Schedule to this Act, under the Public Health Act, 1848, or so much of any Local Act as remains unrepealed by the Provisional Order applying the said Public Health Act within the said District, or any Act incorporated with the said Public Health Act, as applied to the said District by the said Order and this Act, shall not, inclusive of all highway rates, in any one year exceed in the whole the sum of three shillings and sixpence in the pound upon the net annual value of property assessable thereto within the corporate part of any such District, or the sum of two shillings in the pound upon the net annual value of property assessable to such rates, or any of them, within the non-corporate part of the said District, except property within the non-corporate part of the said District consisting of land used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, or as woodlands, market gardens, or nursery grounds, land covered with water, or used only as a canal or towing path for the same, or as a railway constructed under the powers of any Act of Parliament for public conveyance; and as to such excepted property, the rates so leviable, inclusive of all highway rates, shall not in any one year exceed in the whole the sum of sixpence in the pound upon the not annual value of such excepted property."

And whereas the provisions contained in the said Section of such Act, so far as the same are applicable to that portion of the non-corporate part of the aforesaid District of Banbury therein mentioned which is situated in the County of Northampton have been found to operate unfairly and oppressively as between the ratepayers of and in such portion who are now by law assessed at the full net annual value of their property, and the ratepayers of and in such portion who are now by law assessed at one fourth of the full net annual value of their property

1866.

757

Local Government Supplemental (No* 4). Cap. 107 *

property within the District aforesaid; and whereas the said Local Board of Health have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying that the provisions contained in the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the aforesaid District of Banbury, and in the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, may be partially repealed or altered, and such new provision made as would empower the said Local Board of Health for the time being to levy, throughout the non-corporate parts of such District situate in the County of Northampton, highway rates not exceeding in any one year the sum of one shilling in the pound, and enact that the land and other property in the last herein-before mentioned parts of such District, which by the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, are assessable on one fourth only of the annual value thereof, should not, in any year in which the same should be assessed to any Highway Rate or Rates, be assessed to or liable to the paying of any other rates whatever to be made by the said Local Board.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Local Board of Health for the said District shall and they are hereby required, when and so often as occasion shall require, to make and levy, in accordance with the general powers of rating now vested in the said Board, and in conformity with the provisions contained in the 5th and 6th parts of the 37 th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and in addition to the several rates and amounts respectively which they are now authorized and empowered to make and levy under and by virtue of the herein-before recited First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, a highway rate or rates not exceeding in any one year the sum of one shilling in the pound upon the full net annual value of all assessable property which is situate within that portion of the non-corporate part of the said District which lies in the County of Northampton, for the purpose of defraying the costs, charges, and expenses of and incidental to the maintenance and repair of highways in the said portion of the said District; and such

7m

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

rate or rates so to be made and levied under and in pursuance of the powers and authorities herein-before contained shall be exclusively used and applied for the purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that when and so long as any highway rate is made and shall be leviable under and in pursuance of the powers and authorities herein-before contained, the said Local Board shall not be empowered during the continuance of the said rate to assess or levy, under and by virtue of the powers contained in the said First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, upon the following species of property within the said portion of the said District, (that is to say,) upon land used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, or as woodlands, market gardens, or nursery grounds, land covered with water, or used only as a canal or towing path for the same, or as a railway constructed under the powers of an Act of Parliament for public conveyance, any rate or rates which the said Local Board is now empowered to assess and levy upon the said several species of property under and by virtue of the said powers contained in the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Eighteenth day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

TUNBRIDGE WELLS.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of the Tunbridge Wells Provisional Order, and of the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2), confirming the same.

Whereas the Board of Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Acts of Parliament in force within their district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say, an Act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled The Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846; and A certain other Act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth year of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860 (No . 2.), so far as the said Act relates to the aforesaid Tunbridge Wells District:

And whereas a Provisional Order to such effect, bearing date the 11th June 1864, was confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.):

And

1866. Local Government Supplemental {No, 4). Cap. 107.

And whereas the said Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners, being the Local Board for the District of Tunbridge Wells, have now presented a further Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, for a Provisional Order for partially repealing and altering the said Provisional Order, and the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.), confirming that Order:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. Section 2 of the Provisional Order of the 7th day of July 1860 .relating to Tunbridge Wells, which was confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860 (No. 2.), shall, as from and after the passing of the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.), be deemed not to have been repealed by that Act of 1864, and with respect to all Matters happening after the passing of that Act of 1860 shall be read and have effect as if it had not been so repealed.

2. The Provisional Order of the 11th day of June 1864 relating to Tunbridge Wells, and repealing and altering parts of Acts, and which was confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.), shall with respect to all matters happening after the passing of that Act be read and have effect as if there had been contained therein, and had been confirmed by that Act, in addition to the section contained in that Provisional Order, the sections following; that is to say, —

2. — Notwithstanding the repeal provided for by this Provisional Order of parts of the recited Acts, the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners shall continue to exist, and shall be seised and possessed of and entitled to all lands, estates, rights, interests, property, moneys, effects, and choses in action of and to which they or any persons on their behalf are, immediately before the passing , of an Act confirming this Provisional Order, seised, possessed, and entitled at law or in equity or otherwise howsoever, but subject to all debts, liabilities, and engagements to which the same, or the Commissioners or any persons in their behalf, are in respect of the same then subject.

3. — Notwithstanding the repeal, all moneys which in respect of rates or on any account whatsoever are immediately before the passing of an Act confirming this Pro-3 S 2 visional

760

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). 29 & 30 VICT.

visional Order due or accruing due to or by the Tunbridge Wells Commissioners, with the interest if any thereon, shall, when and as the same are payable, be paid to or by the Commissioners, and may be recovered by or from them either as if the repeal had not happened or, at the option of the party entitled to recover the same, under the provisions applicable in that behalf of the Public Health and Local Government Acts in force within and for the District.

4. — Notwithstanding the repeal, all mortgages of rates

granted by the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners before the passing of an Act confirming this Provisional Order, and immediately before the passing thereof in force, shall continue in force, but shall be deemed to be and shall have effect as mortgages of the General District Kate of the Commissioners, and the amounts thereby secured or any parts thereof may be reborrowed, and whether reborrowed or not shall, with the interest thereon, be paid off or discharged accordingly.

5. — The purposes of the several sections which are specified

in the schedule to this Provisional Order shall, from and after the passing of any Act confirming this Provisional Order, be deemed to be purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858, and the expenses of carrying those sections into execution shall be paid by the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners accordingly.

6. — After the passing of the Act confirming this Provisional

Order, the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners from time to time shall raise by their General District Rate the moneys requisite for paying or discharging the debts, liabilities, engagements, moneys, interest, and expenses which under this Provisional Order when so confirmed are to be borne and paid or discharged by them, with the expenses of raising the same, and shall apply the moneys so raised accordingly.

Given under my hand this Twenty-first day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey. BEDFORD.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Bedford Local Board, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for purposes of Drainage and Water Supply.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bedford, being, by the Council of the said Borough,

the

1866,

761

Local Government Supplemental (No. 4). Cap. 107.

the Local Board in and for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to execute certain works of Sewerage and Water Supply for the said Borough:

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, as shown in the Plans accompanying such Petition, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Arnold, Taylor, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bedford, being, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board for the District of that Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Eighteenth day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) G. Grey.

3 S 3

7$2

Cap. 107. Local Government Supplemental (No, 4). 29 & 30 Vict *

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to, be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following, the same being coloured Red on the Plans accompanying the Report of the Inspector with respect to the herein-before described Petition of the Local Board,

Purposes for which Lands Parish. Description. Quantity. Owners. Lessees.

are required.

A. E. P.

Lands required for Waterworks.

Pumping St. Paul, Osier Bed - 0 1 17V Thomas Gwyn Joseph

Works, Bedford. Land 0 2 13 1 Empy Eiger. Davis.

Buildings and f William Henry

Yards 0 0 10J Eiger.

Reservoir - St. Paul, Land - 1 0 0 Cecil Long - James

Bedford. Howard.

Thomas Frederick

Chandless the younger. Howard.

Lands ] required for Sewerage Works.

Outfall Goldington Land adjoin- 0 0 2 London and —

ing Stream. North-west-

ern Railway Company.

SOUTHAMPTON.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Southampton Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Southampton have, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow, (for the purpose of carrying out works of a permanent nature,) on mortgage of rates leviable by the aforesaid Board, a sum or sums not exceeding Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings, which (together with the amount already borrowed) will not exceed in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed:

And whereas, after due inquiry, I am of opinion that the prayer of such petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows:—

That

763

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order* —

1. — The Local Board of Health in and for the District of Southampton shall have power and authority to borrow or re-borrow, for the execution and completion of works of a permanent nature, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them as such, an amount not exceeding Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings, which will not, with the sums already borrowed, exceed in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable under the Local Government Act, 1858, within the aforesaid District; the aforesaid amount of Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Eighteenth day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

(Signed) S. H. Walpole.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities issued by Railway Companies.

[10th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Railway Companies Secu- Short Title, rities Act, 1866.

2. In this Act — Interpretation The Term " Railway" includes a Tramway authorized by of Terms.

Act of Parliament incorporating The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, but not any other Tramway:

The Term " Railway Company " includes every Company authorized by Act of Parliament to raise any Loan Capital for the Construction or Working of a Railway, or for any Purposes connected with the Conveyance by such Company of Traffic on a Railway, either alone or in conjunction with other Purposes:

The Term " Debenture Stock " includes Mortgage Preference Stock and Funded Debt, and any Stock or Shares representing Loan Capital of a Railway Company, by whatever Name called:

The Term <ff Act of Parliament " includes a Certificate of the Board of Trade made under The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864, or The Railway Companies Powers 27 & 28 Vict. Act, 1864, or any other Act of Parliament. cc- 120>121-

3. Comply shall, on or before the Fifteenth Company to

Day of January Onelliousana eight hundred and sixty-seven, have Registered register, and shall always thereafter keep registered, cer '

at the Office

764

Cap. 108.

Railway Companies Securities. 29 & 30 VICT.

Half Years for Purposes of Act.

Loan Capital

Office of the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England, the Name of their Secretary, Accountant, Treasurer, or Chief Cashier for the Time being authorized by them to sign Instruments under this Act, or, if they think fit, the Names of Two or more such Officers of the Company so authorized (and the Officer so registered for the Time being, and any One of the Officers so registered if more than One, is in this Act referred to as the Company's Registered Officer).

4. Half Years shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to end on the Thirtieth Day of June and the Thirty-first Day of December; and the First Half Year to which this Act applies shall be that ending on the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; but the Board of Trade* on the Application of any Railway Company, may (by Writing under the Hand of One of their Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries, which shall be registered by the Railway Company at the Office of the said Registrar) appoint, with respect to that Company, other Days for the ending of Half Years (including the First).

5. Within Fourteen Days after the End of each Half Year

Accounts to be every Railway Company shalTTnake an Account of their Loan

marlfl halt-, .

Capital authorized to be raised and actually raised up to the End of that Half Year, specifying the Particulars described in the First Schedule to this Act, Part I. (which Account for each Half Year is in this Act referred to as the Loan#Capital Half-yearly Account).

6. The Board of Trade may from Time to Time, by Notice published in the London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Gazettes, prescribe the Form in which the Loan Capital Half-yearly Account is to be made.

7. The Loan Capital Half-yearly Account of each Company may be perused at all reasonable Times, Pay-

\x ment, by any Shareholder, Stockholder, MortgageeT^BondT l^reclitor, or Holder of Debenture Stock of the Company, or any Person interested in any Mortgage, Bond, or Debenture Stock of the Company.

8. Within Twenty-one Days after the End of each Half Year every Railway Company shall deposit with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England a Copy, certified and signed by the Company's Registered Officer as a true Copy, of their Loan Capital Half-yearly Account.

9. A Railway Company may also, ifLthey think fit, deposit

with the Registrar of Joint Stock or

with the Assistant Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in Ireland, or with each, a like Copy of any Loan Capital Half-yearly Account of the Company.

10. It shall not be lawful for any Railway Company at any Time to borrow any Money on Mortgage or Bond, or to issue any Debenture Stock, under any Act of the present Session or passed after the End of the Half Year to which their then last registered Loan Capital Half-yearly Account relates, unless

and

made half-yearly.

Form of Half-yearly Account.

Account to be open to Shareholders, &c.

Deposit of Copy of Account.

Deposit in Scotland and Ireland.

Prohibition against borrowing before Registration of Act giving the Borrowing Power.

1866.

765

Railway Companies Securities. Cap. 108.

and until they have first deposited with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England a Statement, certified and signed by the Company's Registered Officer as a true Statement, specifying the Particulars described in the First Schedule to this Act, Part II.

The Board of Trade may from Time to Time, by Notice published in the London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Gazettes, prescribe the Form in which such Statement is to be made.

A Railway Company may also, if they think fit, deposit with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in Scotland, or with the Assistant Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in Ireland, or with each, a like Copy of any such Statement.

11. If at any Time any Railway Company fail to register or keep registered as aforesaid the Name of their Secretary, Accountant, Treasurer, or Chief Cashier, or to deposit with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England, within the Time required by this Act, such a Copy as aforesaid of any Loan Capital Half-yearly Account, or borrow any Money on Mortgage or Bond, or issue any Debenture Stock, without having first deposited with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in England such a Statement as they are by this Act required to deposit, in any Case where they are so required, then and in every such Case they shall be deemed guilty of an Offence against this Act, and shall for every such Offence be liable, on summary Conviction, to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and in case of a continuing Offence to a further Penalty noT^xceeding FiveJEounds for every Day during which the same continues after the Day on which the First Penalty is incurred.

12. Every Person may inspect the Documents kept by any Registrar or Assistant Registrar under this Act on paying a Fee of One Shilling for each Inspection as regards each Railway Company; and any Person may require a Copy or Extract of any of those Documents to be certified by the Registrar or Assistant Registrar on paying for such certified Copy or Extract a Fee of Sixpence, and a further Fee of Sixpence for every Two hundred Words or fractional Part of Two hundred Words after the First Two hundred Words.

13. Every Railway Company on registering the Name or Names of any Officer or Officers, or depositing any Account or Statement, under this Act, shall pay the like Fee as is for the Time being payable under The Companies Act, 1862, on Registration of any Document other than a Memorandum of Association.

14. There shall be put (by Indorsement or otherwise) on every Mortgage Deed or Bond made or given after the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven by a Railway Company for securing Money borrowed by the Company, and on every Certificate given after that Day by a Railway Company for any Sum of Debenture Stock issued by the Company, a Declaration in the Form given in the

Second

Penalty on Company failing to register, &c.

Power to inspect Documents on Payment of a Pee.

Fees on Registration of Name of Officer, &c.

Declaration by Directors, &c. on Mortgage Deed, &c.

Penalty on Company, &c. if Declaration omitted.

Penalty on Registered Officer.

Punishment for Offences against Act.

Nothing to affect Liability of Company, &c.

Account, &c. not to be Evidence for Company.

Cap. 108. Railway Companies Securities* 29 & 30 VICT *

Second Schedule to this Act, or to the like Effect, with such Variations as Circumstances require.

Every such Declaration shall be signed by Two Directors of the Company specially authorized and appointed by the Board of Directors to sign such Declarations, and by the Company's Registered Officer.

15. If after the Expiration of the Time specified in the last preceding Section any Railway Company deliver any such Mortgage Deed, Bond, or Certificate without such a Declaration being first put thereon and signed as aforesaid, they shall be deemed guilty of an Offence against this Act, and shall for every such Offence be liable, on summary Conviction, to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Director or Officer of any Railway Company knowingly authorizes or permits the Delivery of any such Mortgage Deed, Bond, or Certificate without such a Declaration being first put thereon and signed as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of an Offence against this Act.

16. If any Director or Registered Officer of a Company signs any Declaration, Account, or Statement under this Act knowing the same to be false in any Particular he shall be deemed guilty of an Offence against this Act.

17. If any Director or Officer of a Railway Company is guilty of an Offence against this Act, he shall be liable, on Conviction thereof on.Indictment, to Fine or Imprisonment, or on summary Conviction thereof to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

18. Nothing in this Act, or in any Account, Statement, or Declaration under it, shall affect in any Action or Suit any Question respecting any Loan, Debt, Liability, Mortgage, Bond, or Debenture Stock as between a Railway Company or any Director or Officer of a Railway Company on the one Side, and any Person or Class of Persons on the other Side.

19. An Account, Statement, or Declaration under this Act shall not be admissible as Evidence in favour of a Railway Company of the Truth of any Matter therein stated.

SCHEDULES,

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Particulars to be specified in Loan Capital Half-yearly Account.

A. Every Half-yearly Account to show —

(1.) The Act or Acts of Parliament under the Powers of which the Company have contracted any Mortgage or Bond Debt existing at the End of the Half Year, or have issued any Debenture Stock then existing, or the Act or Acts of Parliament by or under which any Mortgage or Bond Debt or Debenture Stock of the Company then existing has

been

1866. Railway Companies Securities. Cap. 108.

been confirmed, and the Act or Acts of Parliament under which the Company have any subsisting Power to contract any Mortgage or Bond Debt, or to issue any Debenture Stock (either on Fulfilment of any Condition or otherwise):

(2.) The Amount or respective Amounts of Mortgage or Bond Debt or Debenture Stock thereby authorized or confirmed:

(3.) Whether or not by any such Act or Acts the obtaining of the Certificate of a Justice or Sheriff for any Purpose, or the obtaining of the Assent of a Meeting of the Company, has been made a Condition precedent to the Exercise of the Power thereby conferred of borrowing on Mortgage or Bond, or of creating and issuing Debenture Stock: (4.) The Date at which such Condition has been fulfilled: (5.) The Amount or the aggregate Amount, under the FoweriToF such Actor Acts, actually borrowed up to the End of the Half Year on Mortgage or Bond (distinguishing them), and then being an existing Debt, and of Debenture Stock actually issued up to that Time and then existing:

(6.) The Amount or the aggregate Amount remaining to be borrowed.

B. The Second and every subsequent Half-yearly Account to show also —

(7.) The Items described in Paragraphs (2.) and (5.) of this Part of the present Schedule for Two consecutive Half Years, and the Increase or Decrease of any of those Items in the Second of those Half Years as compared with the First.

Part II.

Particulars to be specified in Statement as to new Borrowing

Power.

(1.) The Act of Parliament conferring the Power to borrow on Mortgage or Bond or to issue Debenture Stock (either on Fulfilment of any Condition or otherwise):

(2.) The Amount of Mortgage or Bond Debt or Debenture Stock thereby authorized:

(3.) Whether or not by such Act the obtaining of the Certificate of a Justice or Sheriff for any Purpose, or the obtaining of the Assent of a Meeting of the Company, has been made a Condition precedent to the Exercise of the Power thereby conferred of borrowing on Mortgage or Bond, or of creating and issuing Debenture Stock:

(4.) The Date at which such Condition has been fulfilled.

The

768

Public Worship to be performed.

Cap. 108. 109. Railway Companies Securities. 29 & 30 VICT.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

Declaration on Mortgage Deed, Bond, or Certificate of Debenture Stock.

The Railway Company.

We, the undersigned, being Two of the Directors of the Company specially authorized and appointed for this Purpose, and I, the undersigned Registered Officer of the Company, do hereby, declare (each for himself) that the within-written [or as the Case may be] Mortgage Deed [or Bond or Certificate] is issued under the Borrowing Powers of the Company as registered on the Day of, and is f not

in Excess of the Amount there stated as remaining to be borrowed.

Dated this Day of 18 .

---- Directors

f [Secretary or Accountant,

---- < or as the Case may be-\

[and Registered Officer.

Note. — Where the Case so requires with reference to a Statement under the First Schedule, Part IL, leave out from the to the End of the Form and insert: — on the Day of

and the Day of, and is not in Excess of the

Amounts there stated as remaining and authorized to be borrowed.

Where the Mortgage Deed, Bond, or Certificate is issued under a Power of Re-borrowing, or of issuing Debenture Stock in discharge of Mortgage or Bond Debt, leave out from the f to the End of the Form, and insert: — in substitution for a Mortgage Deed [or Bond] which has since been paid off.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating T to the Government of the Navy, whereon, under the

good Providence of God, the Wealth, Safety, and Strength c of the Kingdom chiefly depend: '

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the' same, as follows:

PART L

Articles of War.

Public Worship.

1. All Officers in Command of Her Majesty's Ships of War shall cause the Public Worship of Almighty God according to the Liturgy of the Church of England established by

Law

1866.

769

Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

Law to be solemnly* orderly* and reverently performed in their respective Ships, and shall take care that Prayers and Preaching, by the Chaplains in Holy Orders of the respective Ships, be performed diligently* and that the Lord's Day be observed according to Law.

Misconduct in the Presence of the Enemy.

2. Every Flag Officer* Captain* Commander or Officer commanding subject to this Act who upon Signal of Battle* or on Sight of a Ship of an Enemy which it may be his Duty to engage, shall not *

(1.) Use his utmost Exertion to bring his Ship into Action;

(2.) Or shall not during such Action* in his own Person and according to his Bank* encourage his inferior Officers and Men to fight courageously;

(3.) Or who shall surrender his Ship to the Enemy when capable of making a successful Defence* or who in Time of Action shall improperly withdraw from the Fight *

shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice* shall suffer Death* or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and if he has acted from Negligence or through other Default* he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service* with or without Disgrace* or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

3. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall forbear to pursue the Chase of any Enemy* Pirate* or Kebel* beaten or flying, or shall not relieve and assist a known Friend in View to the utmost of his Power* or who shall improperly forsake his Station* shall* if he has therein acted traitorously* suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice* suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Negligence or through other Default* shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service* with Disgrace* or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

4. When any Action or any Service is commanded* every Person subject to this Act who shall presume to delay or discourage the said Action or Service upon any Pretence whatsoever, or in the Presence or Vicinity of the Enemy shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch* shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

5. Every Person subject to this Act, and not being a Commanding Officer, who shall not use his utmost Exertions to carry the Orders of his Superior Officers into execution when ordered to prepare for Action* or during the Action, shall* if he has acted traitorously* suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice* shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and if he has acted from Negligence or through other Default* be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service* with Disgrace* or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Penalty for Misconduct in Action.

Penalty for not pursuing the Enemy and of not assisting a EriendinYieTf.

Penalty for delaying or discouraging the Service, or deserting his Post, &c.

Penalty for Misconduct of subordinate Officers and Men in Action.

770

Penalty for Spies.

Penalty for corresponding, &c. 'with the Enemy.

Penalty for improper Communication with the Enemy.

Penalty for abandoning Post, &c.

Penalty for "Mutiny accompanied by Acts of Violence.

Penalty for Mutiny not accompanied by Acts of Vio-ence.

Penalty for in citing to Mutiny.

Cap. 109, Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

Communications with the Enemy.

6. All Spies for the Enemy shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, and shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

7. Every Person subject to this Act who shall —

(1.) Traitorously hold Correspondence with or shall give Intelligence to the Enemy;

(2.) Or fail to make known to the proper Authorities any Information he may have received from the Enemy;

(3.) Or who shall relieve the Enemy with any Supplies, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

8. Every Person subject to this Act who shall, without any treacherous Intention, hold any improper Communication with the Enemy, shall be dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment, as is herein-after mentioned.

Neglect of Duty.

9. Every Person subject to this Act who shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch, or negligently perform the Duty imposed on him, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Mutiny.

10. Where Mutiny is accompanied by Violence, every Person subject to this Act who shall join therein shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Exertions to suppress such Mutiny shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Cowardice, shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Negligence he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

11. Where a Mutiny is not accompanied by Violence, the Ringleader or Ringleaders of such Mutiny shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and all other Persons who shall join in such Mutiny, or shall not use their utmost Exertions to suppress the same, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

12. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to this Act from his Duty or Allegiance to Her Majesty, or endeavour to incite him to commit any Act of Mutiny, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

13. Every

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

13. Every Person* not otherwise subject to this Act, who, being on board any Ship of Her Majesty, shall endeavour to seduce from his Duty or Allegiance to Her Majesty any Person subject to this Act, shall, so far as respects such Offence be deemed to be a Person subject to this Act, and shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

14. Every Person subject to this Act who shall make or endeavour to make any mutinous Assembly, or shall lead or incite any other Person to join in any mutinous Assembly, or shall utter any Words of Sedition or Mutiny, shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

15. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully conceal any traitorous or mutinous Practice or Design, or any traitorous or mutinous Words spoken against Her Majesty, or any Words, Practice, or Design tending to the Hindrance of the Service, shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

16. Every Person subject to this Act who shall strike, or with any Weapon attempt to strike, or draw or lift up any Weapon against his superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall, otherwise than with a Weapon, attempt to strike or use or attempt to use any Violence against his superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall strike or attempt to strike, or draw or lift up any Weapon against, or use or attempt to use any Violence against his superior Officer not being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Insubordination.

17. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer, or shall use threatening or insulting Language, or behave with Contempt to his superior Officer, shall be punished with Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

18. Every Person subject to this Act who shall quarrel or fight with any other Person, whether such other Person be or be not subject to this Act, or shall use reproachful or provoking Speeches or Gestures tending to make any Quarrel or Disturbance, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Desertion and Absence without Leave.

19. Every Person subject to this Act who shall absent himself from his Ship, or from the Place where his Duty requires

771

Penalty for Civilians endeavouring to seduce from Allegiance.

Penalty for making mutinous Assemblies or uttering seditious Words.

Penalty for concealing any traitorous or mutinous Practice, Design, or Words.

Punishment for striking or attempting to strike, &c. superior Officer.

Penalty for Disobedience or using threatening Language.

Penalty for quarrelling,

&c., or using reproachful Speech or Gres-tures.

Penalty for Desertion.

Penalty for inducing any Person to desert.

Penalty for entertaining a Deserter.

Punishment for breaking out of Ship,

Penalty for Absence without Leave.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

him to be, with an Intention of not returning to such Ship or Place, or who shall at any Time and under any Circumstances when absent from his Ship or Place of Duty, do any Act which shows that he has an Intention of not returning to such Ship or Place, shall be deemed to have deserted, and shall be punished accordingly; that is to say,

(1.) If he has deserted to the Enemy he shall be punished with Death or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned;

(2.) If he has deserted under any other Circumstances, he shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and in every such Case he shall forfeit all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances that have been earned by him, and all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to him, and also all Clothes and Effects which he may have left on board the Ship or at the Place from which he has deserted, unless the Tribunal by which he is tried, or the Admiralty, shall otherwise direct.

20. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to this Act to desert shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned.

21. Every Officer in Command of any Ship of Her Majesty who shall receive or entertain any Deserter from Her Majesty's Military or Naval Forces, after discovering him to be a Deserter, and shall not with all convenient Speed, in the Case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's Naval Forces, give Notice to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Deserter belongs, or, if such Ship is at a Distance, to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Commander-in-Chief, or, in case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's Military Forces, give Notice to the Secretary of War, or the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which such Deserter belongs, the Officer so offending shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

22. If any Person subject to this Act (without being guilty of Desertion) improperly leaves his Ship or Place of Duty, he shall be liable to Imprisonment or to such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and to such other Punishment by Forfeiture of Wages or of other Benefits as the Admiralty from Time to Time by Regulations prescribe.

23. Every Person subject to this Act who (without being guilty of Desertion or of improperly leaving his Ship or Place of Duty) shall be absent without Leave, shall be liable to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Ten Weeks, with or without Hard Labour, or such other Punishment as the Circumstances of the Case may require, and to such other

Punishment

773

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

Punishment by Forfeiture of Wages or of other Benefits as the Admiralty from Time to Time by Regulations prescribe.

24. If any Person subject to this Act is absent without Leave for a Period of One Month (whether he is guilty of Desertion or of improperly leaving his Ship or Place of Duty or not), but is not apprehended and tried for his Offence* he shall be liable to Forfeiture of Wages and other Benefits as the Admiralty from Time to Time by Regulations prescribe* and the Admiralty, or, on a Foreign Station, the Commander-in-Chief* may by an Order containing a Statement of the Absence without Leave direct that the Clothes and Effects (if any) left by him on board Ship or at his Place of Duty be forfeited, and the same may be sold* and the Proceeds of the Sale shall be disposed of as the Admiralty or the Commander-in-Chief (as the Case may be) may direct; and every Order under this Provision for Forfeiture or Sale shall be conclusive as to the Fact of the Absence without Leave as therein stated of the Person therein named; but in any Case the Admiralty may* if it seems fit* on sufficient Cause being shown at any Time after Forfeiture and before Sale* remit the Forfeiture* or after Sale pay or dispose of the Proceeds of the Sale or any Part thereof to or for the Use of the Person to whom the Clothes or Effects belonged* or his Representatives.

25. If any Person not subject to this Act assists or procures any Person subject to this Act to desert or improperly absent himself from his Duty* or conceals, employs* or continues to employ any Person subject to this Act* who is a Deserter or improperly absent from his Duty* knowing him to be a Deserter or so improperly absent* he shall* for every such Offence of Assistance* Procurement* Concealment* Employment, or Continuance of Employment, be liable on summary Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices, or before any Person or Persons or Court exercising like Authority in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions* to a Penalty not exceeding Thirty Pounds; and, notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to Municipal Corporations, or to the Metropolitan Police* or in any other Act* every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty direct.

26. If any Person not subject to this Act by Words or otherwise persuades any Person subject to this Act to desert or improperly absent himself from his Duty* he shall for every such Offence be liable, on summary Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices* or before any Person or Persons or Court exercising like Authority in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and* notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to Municipal Corporations* or to the Metropolitan Police* or in any other Act, every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty direct.

Forfeiture of Effects for Absence without Leave.

Penalty for assisting, &c. Desertion,

Penalty for persuading to Desertion, &c.

Cap. 109.

Naval Discipline.

29 & 30 VICT.

Penalty for profane Swearing and other Immoralities.

Penalty on Officer for Cruelty or Oppression.

Penalty for suffering Ships to he improperly lost.

Penalty for not taking care of and defending Ships under Convoy.

Master of Merchant Vessel to obey Orders of convoying Officer.

Penalty for taking any Goods on hoard other than for

Miscellaneous Offences.

27. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any profane Oath, Cursing, Execration, Drunkenness, Uncleanness, or other scandalous Action in derogation of God's Honour and Corruption of good Manners, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

28. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Cruelty, or of any scandalous or fraudulent Conduct, shall be dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service; and every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any other Conduct unbecoming the Character of an Officer shall be dismissed, with or without Disgrace, from Her Majesty's Service.

29. Every Person subject to this Act who shall either designedly or negligently or by any Default lose, strand, or hazard, or suffer to be lost, stranded, or hazarded, any Ship of Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Service, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

30. The Officers of all Ships of Her Majesty appointed for the Convoy and Protection of any Ships or Vessels shall diligently perform their Duty without Delay according to their Instructions in that Behalf; and every Officer who shall fail in his Duty in this respect, and shall not defend the Ships and Goods under his Convoy, without Deviation to any other Objects, or shall refuse to fight in their Defence if they are assailed, or shall cowardly abandon and expose the Ships in his Convoy to Hazard, or shall demand or exact any Money or other Reward from any Merchant or Master for convoying any Ships or Vessels intrusted to his Care, or shall misuse the Masters or Mariners thereof, shall make such Reparation in Damages to the Merchants, Owners, and others as the Court of Admiralty may adjudge, and also shall be punished criminally according to the Nature of his Offence, by Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

31. Every Master or other Officer in Command of any Merchant or other Vessel under the Convoy of any Ship of Her Majesty shall obey the Commanding Officer thereof in all Matters relating to the Navigation or Security of the Convoy, and shall take such Precautions for avoiding the Enemy as may be directed by such Commanding Officer; and if he shall fail to obey such Directions, such Commanding Officer may compel Obedience by Force of Arms, without being liable for any Loss of Life or of Property that may result from his using such Force.

32. Every Officer in Command of any of Her Majesty's Ships who shall receive on board or permit to be received on board such Ship any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever, other

than

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

than for the sole Use of the Ship, except Gold, Silver, or Jewels, and except Goods and Merchandise belonging to any Merchant, or on board any Ship which may be shipwrecked or in imminent Danger either on the High Seas or in some Port, Creek, or Harbour, for the Purpose of preserving them for their proper Owners, or except such Goods or Merchandise as he may at any Time be ordered to take or receive on board by Order of the Admiralty or his superior Officer, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

33. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wastefully expend, embezzle, or fraudulently buy, sell, or receive any Ammunition, Provisions, or other Public Stores, and every Person subject to this Act, who shall knowingly permit any such wasteful Expenditure, Embezzlement, Sale, or Receipt, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

34. Every Person subject to this Act who shall unlawfully set fire to any Dockyard, Victualling Yard, or Steam Factory Yard, Arsenal, Magazine, Building, Stores, or to any Ship, Vessel, Hoy, Barge, Boat, or other Craft or Furniture thereunto belonging, not being the Property of an Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

35. Every Person subject to this Act who shall knowingly make or sign a false Muster or Record or other Official Document, or who shall command, counsel, or procure the making or signing thereof, or who shall aid or abet any other Person in the making or signing thereof, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

36. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully do any Act, or wilfully disobey any Orders, whether in Hospital or elsewhere, with Intent to produce or to aggravate any Disease or Infirmity, or to delay his Cure, or who shall feign any Disease, Infirmity, or Inability to perform his Duty, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned.

37. Every Person subject to this Act who shall have any Cause of Complaint, either of the Unwholesomeness of the Victuals or upon any other just Ground, shall quietly make the same known to his Superior, or Captain, or Commander-in-Chief, and the said Superior, Captain, or Commander-in-Chief shall, as far as he is able, cause the same to be presently remedied; and no Person subject to this Act upon any Pretence whatever shall attempt to stir up any Disturbance, upon pain of such Punishment as a Court-martial may think fit to inflict, according to the Degree of Offence.

38. All the Papers, Charter-parties, Bills of Lading, Passports, and other Writings whatsoever that shall be taken, seized, or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall be taken

as

775

the Use of the Vessel except Gold, Silver, Jewels, &c.

Penalty for embezzling Public Stores.

Penalty for burning any Magazine or Vessel, &c. not belonging to an Enemy.

Penalty for making or signing false Musters.

Penalty for Misconduct in Hospital.

Penalty for endeavouring to stir up any Disturbance on account of Unwholesomeness of Victuals, &c.

Penalty for not sending to the Court of Admiralty all Papers

776

found aboard Prize Ships.

Penalty for taking Money or other Effects out of any Prize before the same shall be condemned.

Penalty for stripping or ill-using Persons taken on board a Prize.

Penalty on Commanders capturing as Prize by Collusion, or collusively restoring Ships or Goods.

Penalty for breaking Bulk on board Prize Ship with a View to Embezzlement.

Penalty for Offences against Naval Disci-

Cap. 109, Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

as Prize shall be duly preserved, and the Commanding Officer of the Ship which shall take such Prize shall send the Originals entire and without Fraud to the Court of Admiralty, or such other Court or Commissioners as shall be authorized to determine whether such Prize be lawful Capture, there to be viewed, made use of, and proceeded upon according to Law, upon pain that every Person offending herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto shall forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

39. No Person subject to this Act shall take out of any Prize or Ship seized for Prize any Money, Plate, or Goods, unless it shall be necessary for the better securing thereof, or for the necessary Use and Service of any of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, before the same be adjudged lawful Prize in some Admiralty Court; but the full and entire Account of the whole without Embezzlement shall be brought in and Judgment passed entirely upon the whole, without Fraud, upon pain that every Person offending herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

40. If any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize, none of the Officers, Mariners, or other Persons on board her shall be stripped of their Clothes, or in any sort pillaged, beaten, or evil intreated, upon pain that the Person or Persons so offending shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

41. If the Commanding Officer of any of Her Majesty's Ships does any of the following Things, namely,

(1.) By Collusion with the Enemy takes as Prize any Vessel, Goods, or Thing;

(2.) Unlawfully agrees with any Person for the ransoming of any Vessel, Goods, or Thing taken as Prize; or

(3.) In pursuance of any unlawful Agreement for ransoming or otherwise by Collusion actually quits or restores any Vessel, Goods, or Thing taken as Prize; he shall be liable to Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or to such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

42. If any Person subject to this Act breaks Bulk on board any Vessel taken as Prize, or detained in the Exercise of any Belligerent Bight, or under any Act relating to Piracy or to the Slave Trade or to the Customs, with Intent to embezzle anything therein or belonging thereto, he shall be liable to Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or to such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto to forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

43. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any Act, Disorder, or Neglect to the Prejudice of good

Order

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

Order and Naval Discipline, not herein-before specified, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

44. Any Person subject to this Act committing any Offence against this Act, such Offence not being punishable with Death or Penal Servitude, shall, save where this Act expressly otherwise provides, be proceeded against and punished according to the Laws and Customs in such Cases used at Sea.

Offences punishable by ordinary Law.

45. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Murder shall suffer Death:

If he shall be guilty of Manslaughter he shall suffer Penal Servitude, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of Sodomy with Man or Beast he 'shall suffer Penal Servitude:

If he shall be guilty of an indecent Assault he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of Robbery or Theft he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of any other Criminal Offence which if committed in England would be punishable by the Law of England, he shall, whether the Offence be or be not committed in England, be punished either in pursuance of the First Part of this Act as for an Act to the Prejudice of good Order and Naval Discipline not otherwise specified, or the Offender shall be subject to the same Punishment as might for the Time being be awarded by any ordinary Criminal Tribunal competent to try the Offender if the Offence had been committed in England.

46. For all Offences specified or referred to in this Act, if committed by any Person subject thereto in any Harbour, Haven, or Creek, or on any Lake or River, whether in or out of the United Kingdom, or anywhere within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, or at any Place on Shore out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of Her Majesty's Dockyards, Victualling Yards, Steam Factory Yards, or on any Gun Wharf, or in any Arsenal, Barrack, or Hospital belonging to Her Majesty, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act; and for all Offences herein-before specified under the Headings " Misconduct in the Presence of the Enemy," " Communications with the Enemy," " Neglect of Duty," " Mutiny," " Insubordination," " Desertion and Absence without Leave," or " Miscellaneous Offences," if committed by any Person subject to this Act at any Place on Shore, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act.

Part Hosted

777

pline not specified.

Crimes to be punished according to Laws and Customs in use.

Penalty for Offences punishable by ordinary Law.

Offences, when punishable.

Power of Court-martial to find Intent with which Offence committed.

Power of Court-martial to find Prisoner guilty of lesser Offence on Charge of greater.

Rebels and

Mutineers

Enemies.

Power to arrest Offenders.

Penalty for not assisting in Detection of Prisoners.

Punishments.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

PART II.

General Provisions.

47. Where the Amount of Punishment for any Offence under this Act depends upon the Intent with which it has been committed, and any Prisoner is charged with having committed such Offence with an Intent involving a greater Degree of Punishment, a Court-martial may find that the Offence was committed with an Intent involving a less Degree of Punishment, and award such Punishment accordingly.

48. Where any Prisoner shall be charged with Murder, a Court-martial may find him guilty of Manslaughter or of a Common Assault; where he shall be charged with Sodomy, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an indecent Assault; where he shall be charged with Theft, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an attempt to thieve, or of Embezzlement, or of wrongful Appropriation of Property belonging to another; and generally where any Prisoner shall be charged with any Offence under this Act he may, upon Failure of Proof of the Commission of the greater Offence, be found guilty of another Offence of the same Class involving a less Degree of Punishment, but not of any Offence involving a greater Degree of Punishment.

49. All armed Rebels, armed Mutineers, and Pirates shall be deemed to be Enemies within the Meaning of this Act.

50. Every Officer in Command of a Fleet or Squadron of Her Majesty's Ships, or of One of Her Majesty's Ships, or the Senior Officer present at a Port, may, by Warrant under his Hand, authorize any Person to arrest any Offender subject to this Act for any Offence against this Act mentioned in such Warrant; and any such Warrant may include the Names of more Persons than One in respect of several Offences of the same Nature; and any Person named in any such Warrant may forthwith, on his Apprehension, if the Warrant so directs, be taken on board the Ship to which he belongs, or some other of Her Majesty's Ships; and any Person so authorized may use Force, if necessary, for the Purpose of effecting such Apprehension, towards any Person subject to this Act.

51. Every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Endeavours to detect, apprehend, and bring to Punishment all Offenders against this Act, and shall not assist the Officers appointed for that Purpose, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

PART III.

Regulations as to Punishments.

52. The following Punishments may be inflicted in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) Death:

(2.) Penal Servitude:

(3.) Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(4.) Imprison-

1866.

Cap. 109.

779

Naval Discipline.

(4.) Imprisonment or Corporal Punishment:

(5.) Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) Forfeiture of Seniority as an Officer for a specified Time or otherwise:

(7.) Dismissal from the Ship to which the Offender belongs: (8.) Severe Reprimand, or Reprimand:

(9.) Disrating a Subordinate or Petty Officer:

(10.) Forfeiture of Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances earned by, and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations granted to the Offender, or of any One or more of the above Particulars; also, in the Case of Desertion, of all Clothes and Effects left by the Deserter on board the Ship to which he belongs:

(11.) Such minor Punishments as are now inflicted according to the Custom of the Navy, or may from Time to Time be allowed by the Admiralty:

And each of the above Punishments shall be deemed to be inferior in Degree to every Punishment preceding it in the above Scale.

53. The following Regulations are hereby made with respect to the Infliction of Punishments in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) The Admiralty may, except in case of Sentence of Death, which shall only be remitted by Her Majesty, suspend, annul, or modify any Sentence passed on any Person subject to this Act, or substitute a Punishment inferior in Degree for the Punishment involved in any such Sentence, or remit the whole or any Portion of the Punishment involved in any such Sentence, or remit the whole or any Portion of any Punishment into which the Punishment involved in any such Sentence has been commuted, and any Sentence so modified shall (subject to the Provisions of this Act) be valid, and shall be carried into execution, as if it had been originally passed, with such Modification, by the Court-martial; but so that the Punishment involved in any Sentence be not increased by any such Modification:

(2.) Judgment of Death shall not be passed on any Prisoner unless Four at least of the Officers present at the Court-martial, where the Number does not exceed Five, and in other Cases a Majority of not less than Two Thirds of the Officers present, concur in the Sentence:

(3.) Except in case of Mutiny, the Punishment of Death shall not be inflicted on any Prisoner until the Sentence has been confirmed by the Admiralty or by the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station:

(4.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude may be inflicted for the Term of Life, or for any other Term of not less than Five Years:

(5.) The

Regulations as to Infliction of Punishments.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

(5.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude shall in all Cases involve Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) A Sentence of Dismissal with Disgrace shall involve in all Cases a Forfeiture of all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances that have been earned by, and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to the Offender, and an Incapacity to serve Her Majesty again in any Military, Naval, or Civil Service, and may also in all Cases be accompanied by a Sentence of Imprisonment:

(7.) The Punishment of Imprisonment may be inflicted for any Term not exceeding Two Years:

(8.) A Sentence of Imprisonment may be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Period of such Term, not exceeding Fourteen Days at any One Time, and not exceeding Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than the Periods of Solitary Confinement; and when the Imprisonment awarded exceeds Eighty-four Days, the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any Twenty-eight Days of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods:

(9.) A Sentence of Imprisonment may also be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept to Hard Labour for all or any Part of the Term of Imprisonment, and Corporal Punishment may be awarded in addition to any Sentence of Imprisonment, whether such Imprisonment is or is not to be accompanied with Solitary Confinement and Hard Labour, or either of them:

(10.) The Punishment of Imprisonment, whether on board Ship or on Shore, shall involve disrating in case of a Petty Officer and Reduction to the Ranks in case of a Noncommissioned Officer of Marines, and shall in all Cases be accompanied by Stoppage of Pay or Wages during the Term of Imprisonment:

(11.) In any Case of Corporal Punishment not more than Forty-eight Lashes shall be inflicted: No Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment: No Petty or Non-commissioned Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment, except in case of Mutiny:

All other Punishments authorized by this Act may be inflicted in the Manner heretofore in use in the Navy.

54. No Person, unless he be an Offender who has avoided Apprehension or fled from Justice, shall be tried or punished in pursuance of this Act for any Offence committed by him

unless

1C

781

Naval Discipline. Cap. 109

unless such Trial shall take place within Three Years from the Commission of such Offence* or within One Year after the Return of such Offender to the United Kingdom* where he has been absent from the United Kingdom during such Period of Three Years.

55. Subject to the foregoing Regulations* where any Punishment is specified by this Act as the Penalty for any Offence* and it is further declared that another Punishment may be awarded in respect of the same Offence* the Expression " other Punishment" shall be deemed to comprise any One or more of the Punishments inferior in Degree to the specified Punishment* according to the Scale herein-before mentioned; but Corporal Punishment shall be deemed equal in Degree to Imprisonment* and may in all Cases* subject to the foregoing Regulations* be inflicted as a Substitute for or in addition to Imprisonment.

56. Any Offence triable under this Act may be tried and punished by Court-martial; and any Offence triable under this Act* not committed by an Officer (except in the Cases by this Act expressly provided for)* and not hereby made Capital* may* under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time issue* be summarily tried and punished by the Officer in command of the Ship to which such Offender belongs* subject to the following Restrictions; (that is to say,)

(1.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to award the Punishment of Penal Servitude:

(2.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to sentence a Deserter to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Three Calendar Months* or to sentence any other Offender to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Six Weeks* or to award Solitary Confinement for more than Ten Days at a Time* with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between Two successive Periods of Solitary Confinement:

(3.) Except in case of Mutiny* no Man shall be sentenced by the Commanding Officer to Corporal Punishment until his Offence has been inquired into by One or more Officers appointed by such Commanding Officer* and his or their Opinion as to the Guilt or Innocence of the Prisoner reported to such Commanding Officer* and the Commanding Officer shall thereupon act as according to his Judgment may seem right.

57. With respect to the Authorities by whom certain Punishments may be imposed* the following Provisions shall take effect; namely *

(1.) With respect to any subordinate Officer* the Punishment of Forfeiture of Time or Seniority may be imposed as follows; namely* by the Admiralty for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months* by the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station for any Time not exceed-

Scale of Punishment.

Authorities haying Power to try Offences.

Authorities empowered to impose Punishments to adhere to Provisions herein named.

782 Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

ing Six Months, or by the Commanding Officer for any Time not exceeding Three Months:

(2.) With respect to any subordinate Officer, the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station shall have Power to impose the Punishments numbered (7.), (8.), and (9.) in the Seale herein-before contained.

PART TV.

Courts-martial.

Constitution of Courts-martial.

Constitution of 58. The following Regulations are hereby made with respect Courts-martial. Courts-martial:

(1.) A Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five nor more than Nine Officers:

(2.) No Officer shall be qualified to sit as a Member of any Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act unless he be a Flag Officer/aCaptain, Commander, or Lieutenant of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay:

(3.) A Court-martial shall not be held unless at least Three of Her Majesty's Ships, not being Tenders, and commanded by Captains, Commanders, or Lieutenants of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay, are together at the Time when such Court-martial is held:

(4.) No Officer shall sit on a Court-martial who is under Twenty-one Years of Age:

(5.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Flag Officer shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Flag Officer, and the other Officers composing the Court are of the Rank of Captain, or of higher Rank:

(6.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, and the other Officers composing the Court are Commanders or Officers of higher Rank:

(7.) No Court-martial for the Trial of any Person below the Rank of Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted, unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, nor unless in addition to the President there are Two other Members of the Court of the Rank of Commander or of higher Rank:

(8.) The Prosecutor shall not sit on any Court-martial for the Trial of a Prisoner whom he prosecutes:

(9.) The Admiralty shall have Power to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of Offences under this Act, and to grant Commissions to any Officer of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay authorizing him to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of such Offences:

(10.) An

783

1866. Naval Disciplim. Cap. 109.

(10.) An Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial shall not fee empowered to do so if there is present at the Place where such Court-martial is to be held any Officer superior in Rank to himself, on Full Pay and in command of One or more of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, although such last-mentioned Officer may not hold a Commission to order Courts-martial; and in such a Case such last-mentioned Officer may order a Court-martial, although he does not hold any Commission for the Purpose:

(11.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, having the Command of a Fleet or Squadron, and being in Foreign Parts, die, be recalled, leave his Station, or be' removed from his Command, the Officer upon whom the Command of the Fleet or Squadron devolves, and so from Time to Time the Officer who shall have the Command of the Fleet or Squadron, shall, without any Commission from the Admiralty, have the same Power to order Courts-martial as the first-mentioned Officer was invested with:

(12.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, and having the Command of any Fleet or Squadron of Her Majesty's Ships in Foreign Parts, shall detach any Part of such Fleet or Squadron, or separate himself from any Part of such Fleet or Squadron, he may, by Commission under his Hand, empower, in the first-mentioned Case, the Commanding Officer of the Squadron or Detachment ordered on such separate Service, and in case of his Death or ceasing so to command, the Officer to whom the Command of such separate Squadron or Detachment shall belong, and in the secondly-mentioned Case the senior Officer of Her Majesty's Ships on the Division of the Station from which he is absent, to order Courts-martial during the Time of such separate Service, or during his Absence from that. Division of the Station (as the Case may be), and every such Authority shall continue in force until revoked, or until the Officer holding it returns to the United Kingdom or until he comes into the Presence of a superior Officer, empowered to order Courts-martial, in the same Squadron, Detachment, or Division of a Station, but so that such Authority shall revive on the Officer holding it ceasing to be in the Presence of such a superior Officer, and so from Time to Time as often as the Case so requires:

(13.) The Officer ordering a Court-martial shall not sit thereon:

(14.) The

3U2

784 Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

(14.) The President of every Court-martial shall be named by the Authority ordering the same, or by any Officer empowered by such Authority to name the President:

(15.) No Commander or Lieutenant shall be required to sit as a Member of any Court-martial when Four Officers of a higher Bank and junior to the President can be assembled at the Place where the Court-martial Is to be holden (but the Regularity or Validity of any Court-martial or of the Proceedings thereof shall not be affected by any Commander or Lieutenant being required to sit, or sitting, thereon, under any Circumstances); and when any. Commander or Lieutenant sits on any Court-martial the Members of it shall not exceed Five in Number:

(16.) Subject to the foregoing Regulations, whenever a Court-martial shall be held, the Officer appointed to preside thereat shall summon all the Officers next in Seniority to himself present at the Place where the Court-martial shall be held to sit thereon, until the Number of Nine, or such Number not less than Five, as is attainable, is complete; subject to this Proviso, that the Admirals and Captains, being Superintendents of Her Majesty's Dockyards, shall not be summoned to sit on Courts-martial unless specially directed to do so by Orders from the Admiralty.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

Where Courts-martial to he held.

As to Time of Sittings of Courts-martial.

Appointment of officiating Judge Advocate.

59. A Court-martial under this Act shall be held on board One of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War.

60. A Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act shall sit from Day to Day, with the Exception of Sundays, until Sentence is given, unless prevented from so doing by Stress of Weather or unavoidable Accident, and its Proceedings shall not be delayed by the Absence of any Member, so that not less than Four are present; and no Member shall absent himself unless compelled so to do by Sickness or other just Cause, to be approved of by the other Members of the Court; and if any Member of a Court-martial shall absent himself therefrom, in contravention of this Section, he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as may be awarded by a Court-martial.

61. In the Absence of the Judge Advocate of the Fleet or his Deputy, and in default of any Appointment in this Behalf by the Admiralty, or by the Commander-in-Chief of any Fleet or Squadron, the Officer who is to be the President of the Court-martial shall appoint a Person to officiate as Deputy Judge Advocate at the Trial; and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Deputy Judge Advocate, at any Trial

shall

785

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

shall administer an Oath to every Witness appearing at the Trial.

62. As soon as the Court is assembled, the Names of the Officers composing the Court shall be read oyer to the Prisoner, who shall be asked if he objects to being tried by any Member of the Court; if the Prisoner shall object to any Member, the Objection shall be decided by the Court; if the Objection shall be allowed, the Place of the Member objected to shall be filled up by the Officer next in Seniority who is not on the Courtmartial, subject to the Regulations herein-before contained.

The Prisoner may then raise any other Objection which he desires to make respecting the Constitution of the Court-martial, and the Objection shall then be decided by the Court, which Decision shall be final, and the Constitution of the Court-martial shall not be afterwards impeached, and it shall be deemed to have been in all respects duly constituted.

63. Before the Court shall proceed to try the Prisoner, the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Deputy Judge Advocate of the Fleet, shall administer to every Member of the Court the following Oath; that is to say,

g I do swear, That I will duly administer

A Justice according to Law, without Partiality, Favour, or c Affection; and I do further swear, that I will not on any f Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the ' Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of this Court-f martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.

So help me GOD. '

64. As soon as the said Oath shall be administered to the Members of the Court-martial, the President shall administer to the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Deputy Judge Advocate, the following Oath:

I do swear. That I will not upon any

Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.5

65. The Admiralty may from Time to Time frame General Orders for altering and regulating (subject to the Provisions of this Act) the Procedure and Practice of Courts-martial under this Act; and any such General Orders shall have full Effect if and when approved by Her Majesty in Council, on a Report of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, but not sooner or otherwise; and every Order in Council made under this Section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

66. Every Person, Civil, Naval, and Military, who may be required to give Evidence before a Court-martial, shall be

Proceedings at Trial.

Oaths to he administered to Members of Courts-martial.

Oath to be administered to Judge Advocate, &c.

Power to Admiralty to frame General Orders for Practice of Courts-martial, subject to Approval.

Summoning

Witnesses.

786 Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

summoned by Writing under the Hand of One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty, or by the Deputy Judge Advocate, or the Person appointed to officiate as Deputy Judge Advocate at the Trial; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Court, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who make default in attending on such Courts, or attending refuse to be sworn or make Affirmation, or being sworn or having made Affirmation refuse to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, or prevaricate in giving their Evidence, shall upon Certificate thereof under the Hand of the President of such Court-martial, be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness after having been duly summoned and subpoenaed had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint is made, or had refused to be sworn, or on being sworn had refused to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand, or had prevaricated in giving Evidence, or, if the Court-martial shall think fit, in case any such Person belong to Her Majesty's Navy, being called upon to give Evidence at any Court-martial, shall refuse or neglect to attend to give his Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation, or shall prevaricate in his Evidence, or behave with Contempt to the Court, such Court-martial may punish every such Offender by Imprisonment not longer than Three Months in case of such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevarication, nor longer than One Month in the Case of such Contempt; and every Person not subject to this Act who may be so summoned to attend shall be allowed and paid his reasonable Expenses for such Attendance, under the Authority of the Admiralty, or of the President of the Court-martial on a Foreign Station.

Penalty cm 67. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon Oath

false EyidS^. m UP011 Affirmation before any Court-martial held in pursuance

787

Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

suanee of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury; and every such Offence, wheresoever committed, shall be triable and punishable in England; and where any such Offence committed out of England is tried in England, all Statutes and Laws applicable to Oases of Perjury shall apply to the Case.

68. Where it shall appear upon the Trial by Court-martial Where Persons of any Person charged with an Offence that such Person is Tnne^fOf insane, the Court shall find specially the Fact of his Insanity, fence or Trial, and shall order such Person to be kept in strict Custody in

such Place and in such Manner as the Court shall deem fit until the Directions of the Admiralty thereupon are known, and it shall be lawful for the Lords of the Admiralty to give Orders for the safe Custody of such Person during Her Majesty's Pleasure in such Place and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

69. Every Judge Advocate, or Deputy Judge Advocate, Report of Pro-or Person officiating as Deputy Judge Advocate, shall transmit

with as much Expedition as may be the original Proceedings, to trans. or a complete and authenticated Copy thereof, and the original mitted. Sentence of every Court-martial attended by him, to the Commander-in-Chief or senior Officer, who shall transmit them to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, and any Person tried by a Court-martial shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial if the same takes place in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Naval Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere, (upon Payment for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words,) but no such Demand shall be allowed after the Space of Three Years from the Date of the final Decision of such Court.

PART Y.

Penal Servitude and Prisons.

Penal Servitude.

70. Whenever any Sentence of Death shall be commuted Sentence of for Penal Servitude, or whenever Sentence of Penal Servitude Servi' shall be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial, and such Sentence, or any Part thereof, is intended to be carried into effect, the Admiralty shall cause the same to be notified in Writing to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification, as any such Justice or Baron is or may be authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Order in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders sentenced by Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction

78S

Disposal of Offender after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

diction to Penal Servitude; and such Order and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender may at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute relating to Penal Servitude with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders and be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Statute; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to all the Penalties and Provisions made by Law, and in force for the Time being, concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude is made, every Law in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge or Baron who makes an Order for Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of the Admiralty, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench, and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or the Admiralty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he vras convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made, and such Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

71. When any Sentence of Death shall have been commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Person subject to this Act shall have been condemned to Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or any Commander-in-Chief on any Foreign Station, or the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Person belongs or has belonged, to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he is removed therefrom by the Order of the Admiralty

or

1866.

789

Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

or any such Commander-in-Chief or other due Authority* or under an Order for his Penal Servitude* to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid* and a Certificate of his Sentence (such Certificate to be signed by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by any such Commander-in-Chief* or such Commanding Officer) shall be a sufficient Authority to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which he may be sent* or to the Governor* Keeper* or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison* to receive and detain him.

72. In case any such Offender shall be conveyed to any Prison* not being a Naval Prison appointed by virtue of this Act* an Allowance such as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct shall be made to the Governor, Keeper* or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein* and such Allowance shall be paid by Order of the Admiralty upon Production by the said Governor* Keeper* or Superintendent of a Declaration* to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County* of the Number of Days during which the Offender has been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

73. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude* passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence* the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he has been previously sentenced* although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Prisons.

74. Every Term of Penal Servitude or of Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the Sentence was awarded* and the Place of Imprisonment* whether the Imprisonment was awarded as an original or as a commuted Punishment* shall be such Place as may be appointed by the Court or the Commanding Officer awarding the Punishment* or which may from Time to Time be appointed by the Admiralty* or by the Commander-in-Chief or senior Officer present on any Foreign Station* and may be One of the Naval Prisons appointed under this Act* or any Common Gaol* House of Correction* or Military Prison within Her Majesty's Dominions.

75. Whenever it is deemed expedient it shall be lawful for the Admiralty or any such Commander-in-Chief* by any Order in Writing* from Time to Time to change the Place of Confinement of any Offender imprisoned or sentenced to be imprisoned or detained in pursuance of this Act* and the Gaoler or

Subsistence of Offender.

Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Place of Imprisonment may be changed, &c.

Expenses of Removal or Subsistence of Prisoners.

Delivery of Prisoners.

Proviso for Discharge or Removal of Prisoners.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

or other Person haying the Custody of such Offender shall immediately on the [Receipt of such Order remove such Offender to the Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction mentioned in the said Order, or shall deliver him over to Naval Custody for the Purpose of the Offender being removed to such Prison; and every Gaoler or Keeper of such last-mentioned Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction shall, upon being furnished with a Copy of such Order of Removal, attested by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, receive into his Custody and shall confine pursuant to such Sentence or Order every such Offender.

76. The Gaoler or other Person removing any Offender in pursuance of such Order shall be allowed for the Charges of such Removal a Sum not exceeding One Shilling a Mile, and when any Offender is not confined in a Naval Prison the Gaoler or other Person in whose Custody any such Offender may be shall receive such an Allowance as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct for every Day that such Offender is in his Custody, to be applied towards his Subsistence, and such Sum shall be paid to the said Gaoler or other Person under the Authority of the Admiralty, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction shall be situate, with a Copy of the Sentence or Order under which the Prisoner is confined.

77. From and after the passing of this Act, Section One of the Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (Chapter Thirteen)," to prevent the Desertion and " Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others from His Majesty's Service by Means or under Colour of any Civil " or Criminal Process," shall be read and have Effect as if the Words " One Shilling " were therein substituted for the Words "Two Shillings and any such Sheriff, Gaoler, or other Officer as therein mentioned shall, if required, deliver such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as therein mentioned to any Person authorized to receive him, instead of conducting and conveying him as therein provided.

78. Whenever any Prisoner is undergoing Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or any Commander-in-Chief on any Foreign Station, or where an Offender has been imprisoned by Order of his Commanding Officer, for such Commanding Officer or the Admiralty, or any such Commander-in-Chief^ to give an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged; and it shall also be lawful for the Admiralty, or any such Commander-in-Chief, and any Officer commanding any of Her Majesty's Ships, by Order in Writing, to direct that any such Prisoner be delivered over to Naval Custody for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness, or for Trial or otherwise, and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order, be discharged, or be delivered over to such Custody.

79. The

1866. Naval Discipline, Cap. 109.

79. The Time daring which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment is detained in Naval Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under his Sentence for whatever Purpose such Detention takes place; and the Governor, Gaoler, Keeper, or Superintendent who shall deliver over any such Prisoner shall again receive him from Naval Custody, so that he may undergo the Remainder of his Punishment

80. If any Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act shall become insane, and a Certificate to that Effect shall be given by Two Physicians or Surgeons, the Admiralty shall, by Warrant, direct the Removal of such Person to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for insane Persons in the United Kingdom as they may judge proper for the unexpired Term of his Imprisonment; and if any such Person shall in the same Manner be certified to be again of sound Mind, the Admiralty may issue a Warrant for his being removed to such Prison or Place of Confinement as may be deemed expedient, to undergo the Remainder of his Punishment, and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction shall receive him accordingly.

81. The Admiralty may set apart any Buildings or Vessels, or any Parts thereof, as Naval Prisons, and any Buildings or Vessels, or Parts of Buildings or Vessels, so set apart shall be deemed to be Naval Prisons within the Meaning of this Act, and all Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Naval Prisons, belong to the Admiralty; and it shall be lawful for the Admiralty from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Naval Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein, and from Time to Time to appoint Inspectors and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Naval Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Inspectors, Officers, or Servants of any such Naval Prison; and the senior Officer at any Port or Place or on any Station where there may be any such Naval Prison, or such senior.Officer and such other Person and Persons as the Admiralty may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, or Officer having the Charge or Command of any such Naval Prison respectively shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made as aforesaid, have and exercise, in respect of such Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

82. If

791

Proviso as to Time of Detention in Naval Custody.

In case of Insanity Prisoners to be removed to some Lunatic Asylum.

Admiralty may set apart Buildings and Ships as Naval Prisons.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

Penalty as regards Gaolers, &c.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

82. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any such Naval Prison any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or by any Means whatever shall aid any Prisoner to escape or in an Attempt to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, or suffer Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the Pules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, or to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Officer having Charge or Command thereof, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Pules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the said Officer, shall carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall interrupt any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person to assault, resist, or interrupt any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or if the Offender be a Prisoner, he shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, or not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may be then unexpired, and every Penalty which may be incurred under this Section shall be recoverable in a summary Manner; and such Two Justices or Three Visitors are hereby authorized to issue Warrants of Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, and every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty shall direct, any Law, Statute, Charter, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

83. Every Governor, Gaoler, and Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, and every Officer having the Charge or Command of any Place, Ship, or Vessel for Imprisonment, who shall, without lawful Excuse, refuse or neglect to receive or confine, remove, discharge, or deliver up any Offender against the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, shall incur for every such Refusal or Neglect a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in a

summary

793

1866. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109.

summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace; and such Two Justices are hereby authorized to issue Warrants of Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods* and every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty shall direct* any Law* Statute* Charter, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

PART VI.

Supplemental Pkovisions.

84. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

85. Except as otherwise provided* this Act shall be in force within the United Kingdom; and as regards the United Kingdom the Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed, from and after One Calendar Month from the passing hereof; and as regards elsewhere* this Act shall be in force* and the said Enactments shall be repealed, from and after Six Calendar Months from the passing hereof.

86. In the Construction of this Act* unless there be something in the Context or Subject Matter repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction *

" Admiralty*" or " the Lords of the Admiralty*" shall mean the Lord High Admiral for the Time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and when there shall be no such Lord High Admiral in Office* any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom:

"Officer" shall mean an Officer belonging to One of Her Majesty's Ships* and shall include a subordinate and a Warrant Officer, but shall not extend to Petty and Noncommissioned Officers:

When the Words cc Superior Officer" are used in this Act they shall be held to include all Officers* including Petty and Non-commissioned Officers.

87. Every Person in or belonging to Her Majesty's Navy* and borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission* shall be subject to this Act; and all other Persons hereby made liable thereto shall be triable and punishable under the Provisions of this Act.

88. Her Majesty's Land Forces, when embarked on board any of Her Majesty's Ships* shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act to such Extent and under such Regulations as Her Majesty* Her Heirs and Successors* by any Order or Orders in Council* shall at any Time or Times direct.

89. All other Persons ordered to be received or being Passengers on board any of Her Majesty's Ships shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time direct.

90. With respect to hired Vessels in Her Majesty's Service in Time of War* being either armed or under the Command of an Officer in Her Majesty's Naval Service* the following

[-ZVb. 67. Price 2d.-\ 3 X Provisions

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Definition, of Terms.

Persons subject to this Act.

Land Forces embarked as Passengers.

Other Persons embarked as Passengers.

Provisions respecting Discipline in hired Ships in Her

794

Majesty's Service in War.

Crews of Ships lost Or destroyed.

All the Officers and Crew of lost Ship may he tried by One Court;

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

Provisions shall take effect if in any Case the Admiralty think fit so to direct* and where such Direction is given the same shall be specified in the Ship's Articles:

(1.) Every Person borne on the Books of any such hired Vessel shall be subject to this Act:

(2.) Any Offence committed by any such Person shall be tried and punished as the like Offence might be tried and punished if committed by any Person in or belonging to Her Majesty's Navy* and borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission:

(3.) Every such Offender who is to be tried by Court-martial shall be placed under all necessary Restraint until he can be tried by Court-martial:

(4.) On Application made to the Lords of the Admiralty* or to the Commander-in-Chief* or senior Officer of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War abroad authorized to assemble and hold Courts-martial* the Lords of the Admiralty* Commander-in-Chief* or senior Officer (as the Case may be) shall assemble and hold a Court-martial for the Trial of the Offender:

(5.) The Officer commanding every such hired Vessel shall have the same Power in respect of all other Persons borne on the Books thereof, or for the Time being on board the same* as the Officer commanding One of Her Majesty's Ships has for the Time being in respect of the Officers and Crew thereof or other Persons on board the same:

(6.) The Naval Commander-in-Chief and senior Naval Officer in Her Majesty's Service shall have the same Powers over the Officers and Crew of every such hired Vessel as they have for the Time being over the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships.

91. When any One of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked or lost or destroyed* or taken by the Enemy* such Ship shall, for the Purposes of this Act* be deemed to remain in Commission until her Crew shall be regularly removed into some other of Her Majesty's Ships of War* or until a Court-martial shall have been held* pursuant to the Custom of the Navy in such Cases* to inquire into the Cause of the Wreck* Loss* Destruction* or Capture of the said Ship.

92. When no specific Charge shall be made against any Officer or Seaman or other Person in the Fleet for or in respect or in consequence of such Wreck* Loss* Destruction* or Capture* it shall be lawful to try all the Officers and Crew or all the surviving Officers and Crew of any such Ship* together, before One and the same Court* and to call upon all or any of them when upon their Trial to give Evidence on Oath or Affirmation before the Court touching any of the Matters then under Inquiry* but no Officer or Seaman or other Person

Naval Discipline.

Cap. 109.

795

Person shall be obliged to give any Evidence which may tend to criminate himself.

93. When deemed necessary by the Admiralty, or any or by separate Officer authorized to order Courts-martial, separate Courts- Courts* martial shall be held for the Trial of some One or more of such Officers and Crew for or in respect or in consequence of the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship.

94. For any Offence or Offences committed by any Officer For subsequent or Seaman, or Officers and Seamen, after the Wreck, Loss,

Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship, a separate Court- rate ourt* martial shall be held for the Trial of such Offender or Offenders.

95. When any Ship of Her Majesty shall be wrecked, lost, Pay of Crews of or otherwise destroyed, or taken by the Enemy, if it shall Ships lost or appear by the Sentence of a Court-martial that the Crew of ta en *

such Ship did, in the Case of a Ship wrecked or lost, do their utmost to save her or get her off, and in the Case of a Ship taken by the Enemy did their utmost to defend themselves, and that they have, since the Wreck, Destruction, Loss, or Capture of such Ship, behaved themselves well, and been obedient to their Officers, then all the Pay of such Crews, or of such Portions of such Crews as have behaved themselves well and been obedient to their Officers, shall be continued until the Time of their being discharged or removed into other Ships of Her Majesty, or dying.

96. If the Ship of any Officer ordered to command any When Ship of Two or more of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked, lost,

or otherwise destroyed, such Officer shall continue in the <p^poseofOffi-Command of any Ship or Ships which at the Time of his Ship cers and Crew being wrecked, lost, or destroyed was or were under his lost Command, and it shall be lawful for such Officer to order the surviving Officers and Crew of the wrecked, lost, or ^destroyed Ship to join any other Ship under his Command, or to distribute them among the other Ships under his Command, if more than One, and such Officer shall, until he meets with some other Officer senior to himself, have the same Power and Authority in all respect as if his Ship had not been wrecked, lost, or destroyed.

97. It shall not be lawful for any Person to arrest any Restriction on Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines

or Marine, belonging to any Ship of Her Majesty, by any De^[. Warrant, Process, or Writ issued in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions for any Debt, unless the Debt was contracted at a Time when the Debtor did not belong to Her Majesty's Service, norunless before the issuing of the Warrant, Process, or Writ the Plaintiff in the Suit or some Person on his Behalf has. made an Affidavit in the Court out of which it issued that the Debt justly due to the Plaintiff (over and above all Costs) was contracted at a Time when the Debtor did not belong to Her Majesty's Service, nor unless a Memorandum of such Affidavit is marked on the Back of the Warrant,

Process, or Writ.

3X2

Discharge from Arrest.

Trial of Offences against repealed Acts.

Not to affect Prerogative of Crown, or Eights of Admiralty.

Act not to supersede Authority of ordinary Courts.

Cap. 109. Naval Discipline. 29 & 30 VICT.

98. If any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, is arrested in contravention of the Provisions of the last foregoing Section, the Court out of which the Warrant, Process, or Writ issues, or any Judge thereof, may, on Complaint by the Party arrested, or by his superior Officer, investigate the Case on Oath or otherwise, and if satisfied that the Arrest was made in contravention of the Provisions of the last foregoing Section, may make an Order for the immediate Discharge of the Party arrested, without Fee, and may award to the Complainant the Costs of his Complaint, to be taxed by the proper Officer, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy as the Plaintiff in the Suit would have on Judgment being given in his Favour, with Costs.

PART VII.

Saying Clause.

99. Any Person who has committed or may commit, before this Act comes into force, any Offence against The Naval Discipline Act, 1864, or the Act thereby repealed, or against any other Enactment repealed by this Act, for which such Person has not been tried before this Act comes into force, shall be tried and punished under this Act as if such Crime or Offence had been committed against the same, but he shall not suffer any greater Punishment than he was liable to under The Naval Discipline Act, 1864, or the Act thereby repealed, or such other Enactment (as the Case may be); and any Proceeding of any Court-martial, or any other Proceedings under The Naval Discipline Act, 1864, or such other Enactment which may be pending when this Act comes into foi'ce, shall be continued, and the Offender, if found guilty, shall be punished as if the Act or Enactment against which he offended had not been repealed.

100. Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or control, further or otherwise than as expressly provided by this Act, any Right, Power, or Prerogative of Her Majesty the Queen in right of Her Crown, or in right of Her Office of Admiralty, or any Right or Power of the Admiralty.

101. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to supersede or affect the Authority or Power of any Court or Tribunal of ordinary Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, or any Officer thereof, in Her Majesty's Dominions, in respect of any Offence mentioned in this Act which may be punishable or cognizable by the Common or Statute Law, or to prevent any Person being proceeded against and punished in respect of any such Offence otherwise than under this Act.

The

18^6. Naval Discipline. Cap. 109, 110, 797

The SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. An Act to amend and consoli- ] a

c. 20. date the Laws relating to > V 9 the Pay of the Royal Navy J Section Eighty.

in part.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 62. - An Act for the Establishment-!

in part. of Naval Prisons, and for 1 in part; the Prevention of Desertion f namely, — from Her Majesty's Navy -J Section Eleven.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 119. - The Naval Discipline Act, 1864. The Naval Discipline Act Amendment Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 115.

CAP. CX.

An Act to amend The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Provisions of 6 The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866: '

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Cattle Diseases Prevention Amendment Act, 1866.

2. This Act, so far as is consistent with the Tenor thereof, shall be construed as One with the said Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866, and shall continue in force during such Time as the last-mentioned Act, herein-after referred to as the Principal Act, may continue in force.

3. The Expression " Cattle Act Expenses " as used in this Act shall mean all Expenses incurred by a Local Authority in pursuance of the Principal Act, including any Compensation payable in respect of Cattle slaughtered in pursuance of the Principal Act, and including the Payment of any Moneys borrowed under this Act or the Principal Act, or any Interest on such Moneys,

4. Where the estimated Amount of the Sum required to be levied for Payment of Cattle Act Expenses, whether incurred before or after the passing of this Act, exceeds the Sum that would be raised by the levying of a Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the rateable Value of the Property assessed to the Local Rate within the District of any Local Authority, that Authority may borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the Public Works Loan Commissioners may out of any Moneys at their Disposal lend such

3X3 Authority,

[Short Title.]

Construction and Duration of Act.

Definition of " Cattle Act Expenses."

Power to Local Authority to borrow Money for Cattle Act Expenses, when such exceed the Sum levied of One Shilling in the Pound on rateable Value.

Cattle Act Expenses to be specified in all Precepts and Orders.

Variation of Forms of Pre-

C. 110. Cattle Diseases Prevention Act Arndt (No. 2). 29 & 30 VICT.

Authority, such Sums as may be required, subject to the following Conditions:

1. Every Loan under this Act shall be made with the Sanc-

tion of the Commissioners of the Treasury:

2. The Interest payable in respect of a Loan under this Act shall be at the Hate of Three Pounds and Five Shillings per Centum per Annum:

3. The Repayment of any Loan under this Act shall be made by such Number of equal annual Instalments, not exceeding Thirty, as the Commissioners of the Treasury may determine in their Order sanctioning the Loan:

4. The said Commissioners may, if they think fit, authorize the Postponement, for*a Period not exceeding Two Years, of any Payment of Principal or Interest becoming due within the first Three Years:

5. The Repayment of any Loan under this Act, and the Inte-

rest thereon, shall be secured by a Mortgage of the Local Rate, and it shall not be incumbent on the Public Works Loan Commissioners to require any other Security:

6. Every Local Authority shall have Power to levy and shall

levy such Rates as may be requisite for the Purpose of repaying any Loan under this Act, and the Interest thereon:

7. The Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury to

any Loan under this Act shall be conclusive Evidence that such Loan is authorized by this Act; and no Objection shall be made by any Ratepayer to the Validity of any Mortgage for securing any Loan under this Act, or to the Application of the Proceeds of any Local Rate to the Payment of the Principal or Interest of such Loan:

8. The Commissioners of the Treasury may, by Agreement

with the Local Authority borrowing any Money under this Act, commute into an equivalent Annuity terminable at the Time fixed for the Liquidation of the annual Instalments aforesaid, the Payments secured by any Mortgage under this Act or any Portion of such Payments.

5. Every Precept or Warrant issued by a Local Authority for the Purpose of obtaining Payment of a Local Rate shall specify the Proportion (if any) of that Rate which is required for the Payment of Cattle Act Expenses, and every Order of a Board of Guardians for Contribution of Moneys out of which Cattle Act Expenses are payable shall state the Amount in the Pound of Contribution required for such Expenses; and the Overseers on the Receipt given to any Ratepayer for Poor Rate shall specify the Amount (if any) collected in respect of Cattle Act Expenses.

6. All Precepts, Orders for Contribution, and Forms of Poor Rate shall, where necessary, be varied in such Maimer

as

1866. Cattle Diseases Prevention ActAmdt. (No.2). Cap. 110, 111.

as may be required for carrying into effect this Act and the Principal Act, or either of such Acts.

7. The Treasurer of any Local Authority may, if directed by such Authority, advance out of any Moneys for the Time being in his Hands any Sums required for Payment of Cattle Act Expenses.

8. Where the Local Pate is a County Rate or Borough Rate, or any other such Rate as is mentioned in the Schedule to the Principal Act, all the Provisions of the Statutes applicable to making, levying, and collecting a County Rate, Borough Rate, or other Rate shall apply, notwithstanding the whole of such Rate, or any Part thereof, may be applicable to the Payment of Cattle Act Expenses.

9. An Error in the Statement of the Amount of Cattle Act Expenses in any Precept, Warrant, Contribution, Order, or Receipt issued or given under this Act shall not invalidate such Precept, Warrant, Contribution, Order, or Receipt; but it shall be lawful for any Person aggrieved by such Error to appeal to the Justices in Petty Sessions, and the Justices may rectify the Error, and award to the Appellant Compensation for any Loss he may have sustained thereby, the Amount of such Compensation to be deducted by the Appellant from any Local Rate or Contribution to Local Rate thereafter levied on him.

10. If any Person with Intent to evade any of the Provisions of the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, or of the Principal Act, or of any Act amending the said Acts, or of any Order of the Lords of Her Majesty's Council made thereunder respectively, forges or alters, or offers or utters knowing the same to be forged or altered, any Licence, Instrument, or Writing made or issued, or purporting to be made or issued, under any such Act or Order, he shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices in the Manner and subject to the Appeal provided in the Principal Act, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or in the Discretion of the Justices to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England? Be

it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The

799

cepts and Orders.

Advance of Moneys by Treasurer of Local Authority.

Saving of Statutes applicable to Rates leviable for Cattle Act Expenses.

Error in Statement not to vitiate Precept, &e.

Punishment for Forgery of Licences, &c.

800

Meaning of the Word " Commissioners."

Two Members of Estates Committee may execute certain Acts.

Three Church Estates Commissioners to be Joint Treasurers of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Authorizing Exchanges between Ecclesiastical Corporations and Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Certain Payments and Conveyances and Assignments to be made by Instruments of Commissioners instead of Orders in Council.

Cap. 111. Ecclesiastical Commission. 29 & 30 VICT.

1. The Word " Commissioners " where used in this Act shall mean the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, unless some other Commissioners shall be particularly designated.

2. All Acts which the Estates Committee of the Commissioners are authorized by Law to do and execute or to complete may, after the passing of this Act, be done and executed or completed by any Two Members of such Estates Committee, being Church Estates Commissioners.

3. The Three Church Estates Commissioners shall be Joint Treasurers of the Corporation of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, with the Powers and subject to the Provisions specified in the Fifth Section of the Act of the Session of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four; and the Receipt of any Two of such Treasurers, or of any One of them, with the counter Signature in the latter Case of the Accountant or the Assistant Accountant of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for any Money due and payable to the said Commissioners.

4. If, after the Commissioners have effected the Endowment of any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick or of any Chapter with Lands or Hereditaments, it shall appear , to such Commissioners that it would be beneficial to such Archbishoprick or Bishoprick or to such Chapter that any Part or Parts of such Lands or Hereditaments should be exchanged for any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to any other Archbishop or Bishop, or Chapter or to the Commissioners, it shall be lawful to effect such Exchange with the Consent in Writing of every Archbishop or Bishop, or Chapter, thereby affected, and by the Authority of a Scheme passed by the said Commissioners, and an Order of Her Majesty ratifying the same: Provided always, that no such Exchange shall be made unless the Commissioners shall be satisfied of the reasonable Equality in Value of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be exchanged, and shall in such last-mentioned Scheme make a Statement to that Effect.

5. The Payments and Investments and also the Conveyances and Assignments of Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which by the Sixty-seventh Section of the Act of the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and the Twelfth Section of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-four, it is contemplated should be made in aid of the Provision for the Cure of Souls in the Parishes and Places therein referred to, shall be made and appropriated under the sole Authority of Grants or Instruments under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, instead of under the Authority of Orders of Her Majesty in Council ratifying Schemes passed by the Commissioners; and every such Grant or Instrument shall be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese

in

1866. Ecclesiastical Commission. Cap. 111. 801

in which any Benefice to which the same relates is situate, but shall not be subject to Stamp Duty; and the Contents thereof shall be published in the London Gazette, and such Grant or Instrument shall not be effectual in Law until after such Publication.

6. The Commissioners shall append "to every Report made Copies of In-by them to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of struments to be State, pursuant to Act of Parliament, Copies of all such Instru- Aaauafueport. ments as last'aforesaid as shall have been passed by them during the Year to which such Report relates.

7. Whereas there is in the Palace at Lambeth a Library, Lambeth Li-c to which the Public have for a long Period had Access at ^ahiedb

certain Times and under certain Restrictions, the Cost of the Eccle^astical" c Custody and Maintenance of which has been heretofore de-. Commissioners. c frayed out of the gross Revenues arising from the Estates of the See of Canterbury: And whereas such Estates have

now become transferred to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners ' for England Be it enacted, That the Cost of the Maintenance of such Library, and of the Custody of the Books therein, may, if the said Commissioners think fit, by the like Authority, of a Scheme passed by the Commissioners and an Order of Her Majesty in Council ratifying the same, be defrayed out of the Rents and Profits of such Estates.

8. Whereas certain Portions of Lambeth Palace, namely, The Lollards

the Lollards Toioer and Cardinal Morton's Tower, are not Tower and Car-

necessary or useful for the Enjoyment by the Archbishops Towe^°rt°nS c of Canterbury of the Palace as a Place of Residence, whilst

it is expedient that they should be preserved as Monuments of historical and antiquarian Interest Be it enacted, That the Costs of the Preservation as aforesaid of such Portions of Lambeth Palace shall, by the Authority herein-after mentioned, be defrayed out of the Rents and Profits of the Estates of the See of Canterbury in the Hands of the Commissioners, and the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, his Executors, Administrators, Estate and Effects, shall be discharged from all Liability for or in respect of Dilapidations on the aforesaid Portions of the Lambeth Palace.

9. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to take a Con- Commissioners veyance of, and hold without Licence in Mortmain, any Lands 0^VgC^es of or Hereditaments which they may consider suitable and con- Lan^f&c^lfor venient for Annexation to any Benefice with Cure of Souls, and Annexation to it shall also be lawful for the Commissioners, in any Case in Benefices, an<t which they hold any Cash or Stock for or on account of a Monie^for the Benefice, to appropriate such Cash or Stock to the Purchase Purchase.

of any Land to be so conveyed, and if and when the Commissioners may have inserted in any Conveyance so taken by them under the Authority of this Section a Declaration to the Effect that such Lands or Hereditaments are intended by the Commissioners to form Part of the Endowment of the same Benefice, and have affixed to such Conveyance the Corporate Seal of the Board, in such Case that Conveyance shall without

Hosted any

802 Cap. 111. Ecclesiastical Commission. 29 & 30 VICT.

Orders to be registered and published in the Gazette.

Power to Commissioners to apply Capital Monies to certain Purposes.

Provision as to Dilapidations on Episcopal Estates.

any further Formality be effectual in Law for vesting in the Incumbent of such Benefice for the Time being the ^Estate and Interest acquired by such Conveyance, and every such Deed of Conveyance shall be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese in which the Benefice affected thereby shall be situate.

10. Every Order of Her Majesty in Council ratifying any Scheme passed by the Commissioners under this Act shall be registered in such Diocesan Registry or Registries as may be for that Purpose specified in such Order, and shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be effectual in Law from and after the Date of such Publication.

11. c Whereas by the Sixth Section of the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her

6 Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, it is provided that every Sum of Money received by the Commissioners in consideration of

a Sale, Transfer, or Conveyance made under the Authority *' of that Act, and every Sum of Money received by them as

the Fine or Foregift for the granting or renewing of any 6 Lease, shall be applied either in replacing the borrowed 6 Stock referred to in such last-mentioned Section or in the

Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, or of some Estate and Interest therein: And whereas with a view to provide

Capital Monies applicable in certain Cases to the Provision

of Parsonage Houses and to the Purchase of Lands or Here-6 ditaments in order to the Annexation thereof to Benefices with Cure of Souls, and with a view also to facilitate the c Payment of such annual and other Sums as may be by

Law due and payable by the Commissioners to certain (Archbishops and Bishops and Deans and Chapters whose

Estates may have become transferred to the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act or of other Acts relating to the Commissioners, it is expedient to amend the said Sec-

6 tion Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to carry over by such Instalments as herein-after mentioned to the Account of their Common Fund, and to apply and appropriate, as Part thereof, a total Sum not exceeding One Million Sterling, the Produce of Sales effected or to be effected under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Section.

Such Sum of One Million shall be so carried over to the said Common Fund by annual Instalments not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds in any One Year, commencing with the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to appropriate or pay out of Monies applicable to the Purposes of their Common Fund for, in, or towards the Provision of any Parsonage House (irrespective of the Cost of the Site) any larger Sum than One thousand five hundred Pounds.

12. No Archbishop or Bishop succeeding to a See shall have any Claim against his Predecessor therein, or against the Representatives of such Predecessor, in respect of Dilapidations

Hosted on

Ecclesiastical Commission.

803

Cap. 111.

on the Estate forming the Endowment of such See, but all the Claims, Rights, Remedies, and Powers of Recovery which the Archbishop or Bishop so succeeding as aforesaid would legally have had as against his Predecessor or the Representatives of such Predecessor in respect of Dilapidations if this Act had not passed shall belong to and be possessed by the said Commissioners, and may be enforced and exercised on their Behalf by the Estates Committee, who shall pay due Regard to any just and reasonable Claims for special Consideration which any Archbishop or Bishop so vacating his See, or his Representative, may appear to them to possess, on the Ground of the actual State of Repair of the Buildings on the Estate at the Time of its Transfer to him from the Commissioners: Provided always, that this Section shall not extend to the Case of any Dilapidations occurring in or about the House or Houses of Residence belonging to any See or in or about the Appurtenances of any such House or Houses.

13. The Estates Committee shall make or cause to be made Further Pro-such Inspection of the whole or any Part of the Property ^a^ations forming the Endowment of any See as is contemplated by the 0n Episcopal Ninth Section of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-third Estates, and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter

One hundred and twenty-four, whenever they may be reasonably required so to do by the Archbishop or Bishop of such See by Writing under his Hand, as well as at any other Times at which such Inspection may appear to them to be necessary or desirable.

14. All Arrangements to be made in pursuance of this Act Arrangements shall, where no other Mode of carrying the same into effect is how to be specified, be made by the Authority and in the Manner by and made *

in which Arrangements for carrying into effect the Recommendations recited in the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-seven, may be made.

15. c Whereas the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of Cob The Lands of f Chester in the Diocese of Rochester consists of the Impropriate ^on^of CoT

Rectory of Ardleigh in the County of Essex in the same cheste^to vest c Diocese, and of a valuable Block of Houses in the City of in the Commis-c London which have been demised on Leases at small accus- n^AYoHamce tomed Rents, and on Payment of Fines (the said Rectory or S00ner with for a Period of Three Lives, some of the said Houses for the Consent of c Terms of Twenty-one Years, and the Residue thereof for j*esent c Terms of Forty Years): And whereas under the Authority rc eacon '

of the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and c in particular of an Act of the Session of the Third and

Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and of an Act of the Session of the Fourth and

Fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-nine, an 6 Arrangement might be made with the Consent of the Holder (of the said Archdeaconry for vesting the said Property in

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and substituting in lieu

thereof

The Commissioners to provide 600/. a Year for the Archdeacon of Colchester, 300/. a Year for the Archdeacon of Essex, and various Sums for certain Livings in the Diocese of Rochester.

Cap. 111. Ecclesiastical Commission, 29 & 30 VICT.

thereof a Money Payment to the said Archdeacon and his c Successors; but inasmuch as such equivalent Money Pay-c ment would be large, it is expedient that, subject to the ' Interests of the present Holder of the said Archdeaconry, f Provision should be made thereout for the Endowment of the Archdeaconry of Essex of the Living of St John's, e Colchester, in the Patronage of the said Archdeacon of Col- Chester, and of certain other Livings in the said Diocese in the Patronage of the Bishop thereof: And whereas the present Archdeacon has not received any Fines, but the usual Time for renewing a Lease will shortly arrive Be it enacted, That upon the First Avoidance of the Archdeaconry of Colchester after the passing of this Act, all the Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments belonging thereto (except any Right of Ecclesiastical Patronage), shall, subject to any legally subsisting Lease or Leases thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, vest in the Commissioners for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions applicable to other Hereditaments vested in the said Commissioners.

Provided, that it shall be lawful for the Archdeacon in possession of the said Archdeaconry at the Time of the passing of this Act, if he shall think fit, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to signify his Willingness to the said Transfer taking place forthwith, in which Case a Memorandum of such Willingness, under the Hand of the said Archdeacon and the Episcopal Seal of the said Bishop and the Common Seal of the Commissioners, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese and published in the London Gazette, and from and after the Date of such Publication the said Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments shall (subject always to such Lease or Leases as aforesaid), without any further Conveyance, vest in the Commissioners for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions applicable to other Hereditaments vested in the Commissioners.

16. As soon as the said Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments shall have become vested in the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall thenceforth pay out of their Common Fund the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds to the Archdeacon of Colchester and his Successors; the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds to the Archdeacon of Essex and his Successors (in addition to the annual Sum of One hundred and forty Pounds already payable by the said Commissioners in respect of the last-named Archdeaconry); the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the Incumbent of Saint John, Colchester, and his Successors; the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Incumbent of Billericay and his Successors; the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds to the Incumbent of Boxted and his Successors; the annual Sum of Eighty Pounds to the Incumbent of Canvey Island and his Successors; the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Incumbent of St John's, Finching-Jield, and his Successors; the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds to

18G6.

805

Ecclesiastical Commission. Cap. 111.

the Incumbent of Feering and his Successors; the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds to the Incumbent of Great Wakering and his Successors; the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Incumbent of High Beech and his Successors; the annual Sum of Thirty Pounds to the Incumbent of Little Tey and his Successors; the annual Sum of Fifty Pounds to the Incumbent of Longfield and his Successors; the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds to the Incumbent of Matching and his Successors; the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Incumbent of Newport and his Successors; the annual Sum of Fifty Pounds to the Incumbent of Rickling and his Successors; the annual Sum of Eighty Pounds to the Incumbent of Stanway All Saints and his Successors; the annual Sum of Eighty Pounds to the Incumbent of Tiptree Heath and his Successors; the annual Sum of Sixty Pounds to the Incumbent of West Hyde and his Successors; and the annual Sum of Thirty Pounds to the Incumbent of Wouldham and his Successors; which said annual Sums shall be payable half-yearly by Moieties on the First Day of May and the First Day of November in every Year, and shall be apportionable between each Archdeacon or Incumbent or his Representatives and his Successor: Provided, that if the present Archdeacon shall signify his Willingness as aforesaid before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, he shall be deemed to be entitled to such half-yearly Payments as from the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and so soon as the Rectorial Tithes of the Parish of Ardleigh in the County of Essex shall have come into the Possession and Receipt of the Commissioners by Determination of the subsisting Lease or Leases of such Tithes, the Commissioners shall in like Manner pay to the Vicar of Ardleigh such a yearly Sum as will raise his net Income to Five hundred Pounds, or shall effect such Augmentation .by the Appropriation of a sufficient Portion of the actual Tithes: Provided always, that if such last-mentioned Tithes shall be brought into the Possession of the Commissioners by the Purchase of any Lease, the Commissioners shall not be bound to make such Grant as aforesaid to the Vicarage of Ardleigh until the Arrival of the Date at which it was on such Purchase estimated that such Lease would have expired.

17. f Whereas the Operation of the Provisions of the said recited Acts which relate to the Division and Appropriation

of the Revenues accruing to the Canonries in the Collegiate c Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, to which the Rectories c of Saint Margaret and Saint John, Westminster, are respectively annexed, has been found to be inconvenient, and it i3 c expedient that better Provision should be made for the Cure f of Souls in the said Two Parishes, and in the several

Ecclesiastical Districts into which the same have been

divided Be it enacted, That so much of the Thirty-first Section of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her [iVo. 68. Price 2d.] 3 Majesty,

Improved Provision for the Cure of Souls: in Westminster.

Ecclesiastical Commission.

Commissioners may assign certain Stipends to be payable out of Estates of Cathedral Churches, &c.

Cap. 111.

29 & 30 VICT,

Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, as has not been already repealed be and the same is hereby repealed, and that in lieu thereof, as from the Twenty-ninth of September next, the whole of the Proceeds of the Canonry to which the Rectory of Saint Margaret's is annexed, over and above the Sum of One thousand Pounds per Annum, and during the Incumbency of the present Rector of Saint John One Third of the Proceeds of the Canonry to which the Rectory of Saint John is annexed, shall become payable to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, for the Purposes of their Common Fund, and that from the same Date the Commissioners shall pay out of the said Common Fund to the Incumbent of All Saints, Knightsbridge, the annual Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds, and to the Incumbents of each of the under-mentioned Churches, situate in the said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, within the City of Westminster, namely. Saint Margaret, Christ Church, Saint Andrew, Saint Matthew, Saint Stephen, Saint Mary, Saint James-the-Less, and Holy Trinity, such annual Sum as, together with any permanent Endowment, not including Pew Rents and Fees, now belonging to each of such Churches, will raise such Endowment to Five hundred Pounds per Annum; and that upon the next Avoidance of the Canonry to which the Rectory of Saint John is annexed the whole of the Proceeds of such Canonry, over and above the Sum of One thousand Pounds per Annum, shall become in like Manner payable to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, who shall thereupon pay out of their said Common Fund to the Incumbent of the Church of Saint John such annual Sum as, together with any permanent Endowment, not including Pew Rents and Fees, belonging to such Church, will raise such Endowment to Five hundred Pounds per Annum i Provided always, that from and after the Twenty-ninth of September next all the Seats in the said Churches of Christ Church, Saint Andrew, Saint Matthew, Saint Stephen, Saint Mary, Saint James-the-Less, and Holy Trinity, not held by Faculty or Prescription, nor appropriated under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, or of the Deeds of Consecration of the said Churches, shall be for ever free.

18. When the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are or may be in receipt of any Income arising from Estates that belong or have belonged to any Dean or Chapter or any major or minor Corporation of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the said Commissioners shall be at liberty (whether an Order of Her Majesty in Council has or has not been passed in relation to such Income, and notwithstanding any Limitation contained in any Act of Parliament as to the Stipends and Allowances of any of the Persons herein-after mentioned,) out of such Income to make such Provision as to them may seem needful for securing adequate Stipends and Allowances to the Minor Canons, Schoolmasters, Organists, Vicars Choral, Lay Clerks,

Officers,

GOO^C

Ecclesiastical Commission.

807

Cap. 111.

Officers, Choristers, Bedesmen, Servants, and other Members of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and for securing adequate Sums of Money for the Maintenance of any existing College or School in connexion with the Cathedral or Collegiate Church.

19. 'Whereas certain Charges and Expenses payable in ' respect of the Performance by the Commissioners of certain e Duties under the Church Building Acts are directed by the 6 Second Section of the Act of the Session of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter Fifty-five, to be paid out of such Monies as may be ' provided by Parliament for that Purpose; and it is expedient c to amend the said Act:5 Be it enacted, That all such Charges and Expenses as are mentioned in the said Section shall, from and after the Thirty-first Day of March next, be defrayed out of any Monies from Time to Time in the Hands of the Commissioners.

20. All Expenses incurred by the Commissioners in or about the Publication in the Gazette of any Orders of Her Majesty in Council, Deeds or other Instruments, or in or about the Publication by the Commissioners of any Advertisement whatever, shall be defrayed out of the Monies from Time to Time in the Hands of the Commissioners.

21. So much of the Twelfth Section of the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-nine, as enacts that on the next Avoidance of the Rectory of Southwell the Archdeacon of Nottingham for the Time being shall become ipso facto Rector of the said Rectory, and the said Rectory shall thenceforth be permanently annexed to the Archdeaconry of Nottingham, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

22. ' Whereas by the Eighth Section of the Act of the c Session of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of c Her present Majesty it is provided, that any Agreement ' made in pursuance of that Act shall be carried into effect by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and any Order

made by Her Majesty in Council ratifying such Agreement,

and transferring on the one Side the Tithes proposed to be c transferred to the Incumbent of the District Church, and on 6 the other securing to the Rector or Vicar the Compensation agreed upon, shall be valid to vest in the said Incumbent ff and his Successors such Tithes, and to secure to the said

Rector or Vicar such Compensation: And whereas it will c be a great Saving of Expense if a Deed under the Corporate Seal of the said Commissioners be substituted for the said c Order in Council :5 Be it enacted, That in the said Section the Words " any Instrument under the Corporate Seal of the " said Commissioners, made in pursuance of such Agreement'5 shall be substituted for the Words "any Order made by Her Majesty in Council ratifying such Agreement.5 '

3Y 2 23. Nothing

Charge of certain Expenses on Funds of Commissioners.

Certain Expenses to be paid out of Funds in the Hands of the Commissioners.

Repealing in part Sect. 12. of 4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. as to Rectory of Southwell.

Amendment of Sect 8. of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 42.

Not to aflect Christ Church, Oxford, or Manchester.

Evidence to he taken before the Lord Ordinary.

23. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect or apply to the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, nor to the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to make Provision in regard to the Mode of taking Evidence in Civil Causes in the Court of Session in Scotland.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Practice of taking Proofs by Commission c in Causes before, the Court of Session in Scotland is

productive of unnecessary Expense and of great Delay in the c Administration of Justice

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: 1. Except as herein-after enacted, it shall not be competent in any Cause depending before the Court of Session to grant Commission to take Proof; but where in such Causes it is, according to the existing Practice, competent to take Proof by Commission, and where in such Causes Proof shall be allowed (which the Lord Ordinary is hereby authorized to allow, without the Consent of both Parties, and without reporting to and obtaining the Leave of the Inner House), a Diet of Proof shall be appointed, which Diet may be fixed, in the Discretion of the Lord Ordinary, either during the Sitting of the Court or in Vacation, at which the Evidence shall be led before the Lord Ordinary, and he shall himself take and either write down with his own Hand the oral Evidence, in which Case it shall be read over to the Witness by the Judge in open Court, and shall be signed by the Witness, if he can write; or the Lord Ordinary shall record the Evidence by dictating it to a Clerk, in which Case it shall also be read over to and signed by the Witness; or the Lord Ordinary shall cause the Evidence to be taken down and recorded in Shorthand by a Writer skilled in Shorthand Writing, to whom the Oath De fideli administratione officii shall be administered; and the Lord Ordinary may, if he think fit, dictate to the Shorthand Writer the Evidence which he is to record; and the Shorthand Writer shall afterwards write out the Evidence so taken by him; and the extended Notes of such Shorthand Writer, certified by the presiding Judge to be correct, shall be the Record of the oral Evidence in the Cause; and the Lord Ordinary shall himself take or dictate to his Clerk or Shorthand Writer a Note of the Documents adduced; and any Ruling of the Lord Ordinary in reference to the Admission or Rejection of Evidence may be recalled or altered by the Inner House on a Reclaiming Note against the final Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary disposing of the Cause; and the Proof shall be taken continuously in like Manner as at Jury Trials

809

1866. Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 112.

in Civil Causes before the Court of Session in Scotland, but with Power to the Lord Ordinary to adjourn the Proof upon such Grounds as Causes set down for Jury Trial may according to the existing Law and Practice be adjourned or postponed, or on such other special Grounds as to him shall appear sufficient, and under such Conditions, if any, as he shall think proper.

2. Provided always, That it shall be competent to the Judges of either Division of the Court or to the Lord Ordinary to grant Commission to any Person competent to take and report in Writing the Depositions of Havers; and also upon special Cause shown, or with Consent of both Parties, to grant Commission to take the Evidence in any Cause in which Commission to take Evidence may, according to the existing Law and Practice, be granted; and also to grant such Commission to take and report in Writing according to the existing Practice the Evidence of any Witness who is resident beyond the Jurisdiction of the Court, or who, by reason of Age, Infirmity, or Sickness, is unable to attend the Diet of Proof; provided that nothing herein-contained shall affect the existing Practice in regard to granting Commission for the Examination of aged and infirm Witnesses to take their Evidence to lie in retentis before a Proof has been allowed.

3. Where Proof shall be ordered by One of the Divisions

of the Court, such Proof shall be taken before any One of the Judges of the said Division, or of the Lords Ordinary, to whom the Court may think fit to remit, in one or other of the Modes above provided in Section First hereof, and his Rulings upon the Admissibility of Evidence in the Course of taking such Proof shall be subject to Review by the Division of the Court in the Discussion of the Report of the Proof; and when the Court shall alter any Finding of the Judge rejecting Evidence, they shall, if they think the Justice of the Case requires it, remit to have such Evidence taken; and where a Reference to Oath is made and sustained either by the Lord Ordinary before whom the Cause depends or by One of the Divisions of the Court, the Deposition shall be taken in one or other of the Modes above provided.

4. If both Parties consent thereto, or if special Cause be shown, it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary to take Proof in the Manner above provided in Section First hereof, in any Cause which may be in Dependence before him, notwithstanding of the Provisions contained in the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty. Section Twenty-eight, and the Provisions contained in the Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, Section Forty-nine, and the Judgment to be pronounced by him upon such Proof shall be subject to Review in the like Manner as other Judgments pronounced by him.

3 Y 3 5. The

In what Cases Proof may be taken by Commission.

Disposal of Questions on Admission of Evidence.

With Consent, Evidence in Causes now-depending may be taken before the Lord Ordinary.

Procedure to be regulated by Act of Sederunt.

This Act not to affect 24 & 25 Vict. c. 86.

[Short Title.]

Registrars of Births and Deaths deemed Officers under 27 & 28 Vict. c. 42., and may be superannuated.

Provision for Relieving Officers who have also been Registrars.

Managers of District Schools empowered to grant Superannuation Allowances.

Evidence of Consent of

Cap. 112, 113. Court of Session (Scotland). 29 & 30 Vict.

5. The Court of Session are hereby authorized and empowered to make from Time to Time such Orders and Regulations as to Forms of Process by Acts of Sederunt as they may consider necessary for carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act.

6. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to affect " The Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1861."

7. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Evidence (Scotland) Act, 1866."

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes, and - to make other Amendments in the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Act providing Super-c Y annuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes

should be amended, and that certain other Amendments should be made in the Laws regulating the Relief of the Poor c in England Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Superintendent Registrar and the Registrar of Births and Deaths appointed in any Union or Parish shall be deemed an Officer within the Operation of the Statute Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Forty-two, and in computing the Salary of any Officer under that or the present Statute the Amount of the Emoluments of his Office on the Average of the Three Years concluded at the last preceding Quarter may be taken into the Calculation by the Guardians, Managers, or Overseers.

2. Where any Relieving Officer of any Union or Parish shall have also held the Office of Registrar of Births and Deaths in the same Union or Parish, he shall not be disqualified from receiving a Superannuation Allowance in respect of such Office of Relieving Officer by reason of his having simultaneously held the Office of Registrar, and by reason of his having resigned his Office of Relieving Officer subsequent to the passing of the last-mentioned Act.

3. The Board of Management of any District School may exercise the same Power in respect of any Officer of such School in their Service as the Guardians of any Union can do under such last-mentioned Statute with like Consent as therein provided, and shall charge any Allowance to be made by them to the Fund chargeable with the Payment of the Salaries of their Officers.

4. In any Case where the Poor Law Commissioners or the Poor Law Board shall have given or refused, or shall hereafter

give

Poor Law Amendment,

811

Cap. 113.

give or refuse, their Consent, Sanction, or Approval in any Poor Law Matter where their Order under Seal shall not have been or Board-shall not be expressly required, the Production of any written Document signed or purporting to be signed by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the said Commissioners or the said Board shall be prima facie Evidence of the Decision of the said Commissioners or the said Board upon such Matter as aforesaid.

5. So much of the Fourth Section of the Statute of the Remission of Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Surcharges and

v w I Jlfifll |/ywrOTl<*pc

Chapter Ninety-one, as requires the Poor Law Board to issue need not be an Order under their Seal in Cases where they direct any made by Order Surcharge or Disallowance made by an Auditor to be remitted, im(ier Sea1, shall be repealed; and such Direction, if given in Writing under the Hand of the President of the said Board, and countersigned by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary, shall have the same Effect as if such Direction were given by such an Order as aforesaid.

6. When the Poor Law Board shall require an Auditor to Effect of an hold an Extraordinary Audit of the Accounts of any Guardians

or Overseers, or of any Officer, whether still continuing or upon his Resignation or Removal from Office, such Audit shall be deemed to be an Audit within the Meaning of the several Acts relating to the Audit of the Accounts of the Poor Rate, and may be held after Three Days Notice thereof given in the usual Manner.

7. The Auditor who shall be authorized to audit the Auditor em* Accounts of any Guardians, Overseers, or Officers may at any powered to Time, when authorized or required by the Poor Law Board ^any Vime.8 so to do, inspect the Accounts and Books of Account of any Guardians, Overseer, or any Officer liable to account to him;

and any such Guardian, Overseer, or Officer who shall thereupon refuse to allow him to inspect the same, or shall obstruct him in such Inspection, or shall conceal any such Account or Book for the Purpose of preventing such Inspection, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered as a Penalty under the Statute of the Fourth and Fifth of

King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and to be applied to the Use of the Parish or Union for which such Guardian, Overseer, or Officer respectively shall act.

8. The Proviso to Section Twenty-five of the said last- Part of Sect. 25.

mentioned Statute of King William the Fourth shall be re- ^6&r^ pealed, and in lieu thereof it is provided that the Principal another6 '

Sum to be raised for the Purposes specified in such Section Proviso substi-shall not exceed One Tenth of the average annual Amount of tuted-

the Rates raised for the Relief of the Poor in any such Parish or Union to which such Section applies for the Three Years ending at the Easter next preceding the raising of such Money, and when the Board of Guardians of any Union or Parish shall deem it expedient to make any Enlargement,

Alteration, or Improvement of their Workhouse, or the Premises,

Poor Laio Amendment

Emigration Money how disposed of.

Same Person not to be Overseer and Assistant Overseer.

One Overseer only may be appointed for small Parishes.

As to Churchwarden and Overseer.

Sect. 10. of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 101. extended to the County Kate.

Cap. 113.

29 & 30 VICT.

mises, Drainage, or other Appurtenances belonging thereto, at a Cost not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, and the Poor Law Board shall give their Consent thereto, they shall not require any Order of that Board to enable them to execute the same.

9. Where any Sum of Money has been lawfully raised or borrowed for the Purpose of the Emigration of poor Persons, and the same shall not have been wholly expended for such Purpose, the Poor Law Board may, upon Application from the Overseers of the Parish for whose Use the Sum was raised or borrowed, by their Order under Seal, direct the unexpended Amount of such Sum, where it has not been raised by borrowing, to be applied in aid of the current Kate, and where it has been borrowed to be applied in reduction of the Balance of the Loan, or in aid of the current Kate, as the Case may require.

10. No Person shall be qualified to be appointed to be an Overseer of the Poor in any Parish who at the Time of the proposed Appointment shall be an Assistant Overseer of any Parish; and no Person being an Overseer of any Parish shall be qualified to be appointed an Assistant Overseer.

1L If it shall appear to the Justices who are required to appoint Overseers that Two Overseers cannot be conveniently appointed from the Inhabitant Householders in any Parish, such Justices may appoint One Overseer only, and if it shall appear to them that there is no such Householder liable or fit to be appointed, they shall appoint some Inhabitant Householder of an adjoining Parish willing to serve to be such Overseer, either with or without an annual Salary to be paid out of the Poor Kate of the Parish, which last-mentioned Appointment shall endure until the usual Time of the Appointment of Overseers, and may be renewed from Year to Year as long as the Justices shall find necessary.

12. In any Parish the same Person may hold jointly the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer.

13. The Provisions of the Tenth Section of the Statute of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, shall extend to the County Kate or other Kate in the Nature of a County Kate levied upon the Part of the Parish therein described, situated without the Borough, and the Auditor shall have the same Power, and be under the same Obligation, to allow or disallow Accounts audited by him under the Provisions of the Third Section of the Statute of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five, and of the Thirty-third Section of the Statute of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, and to surcharge, certify, and recover all such Sums as he shall find due from the Persons accounting or making or authorizing any Payment, with the like Right of Appeal to any Person aggrieved by his Decision, as in the Case of the Poor Rate; and the Poor Law Board may, as and

when

813

Poor Law Amendment Cap. 113.

when they shall see fit* make Regulations for the keeping of the said Accounts herein-before mentioned or referred to.

14. That if the Parent, Step-parent, nearest adult Relative, or Next of Kin of any Child not belonging to the Established Church, relieved in a Workhouse or in a District School, or in case there should be no Parent, Step-parent, nearest adult Relative, or Next of Kin, then the God-parent of such Child, make Application to the said Board in such Behalf, the Board may, if they think fit, order that such Child shall be sent to some School established for the Reception, Maintenance, and Education of Children of the Religion to which such Child shall be proved to belong, and duly certified by the Poor Law Board under the Statute of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter Forty-three; and the Guardians of the Union or Parish to which such Child shall be chargeable shall, according to the Terms of such Order, cause the Child to be conveyed to such School and pay the Costs and Charges of the Maintenance, Lodging, Clothing, and Education of the said Child therein, and all the Provisions of the said Statute shall thenceforth apply to the said Child.

15. When the Guardians of any Union or Parish shall prescribe a Task of Work to be performed by any poor Person, to whom, or to whose Wife, if he be liable to maintain such Wife, or Child, whether legitimate or illegitimate, under the Age of Sixteen, Relief shall have been lawfully granted by such Guardians out of the Workhouse, such Task being suited to the Age, Sex, Strength, and Capacity of such Person, and being of a Nature and Description of which the Poor Law Board shall have previously approved, and such Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to perform such Task, or shall wilfully destroy or damage any of the Tools, Materials, or other Property belonging to the said Guardians, he shall be deemed to be an idle and disorderly Person within the Meaning of the Eighty-third Chapter of the Statute of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished in the Manner therein provided in respect of idle and disorderly Persons; and the Fifty-ninth Section of the One hundred and first Chapter of the Statute of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty shall apply to any such Prosecution.

16. So much of the Fifty-first Section of the said last-mentioned Statute as limits the Distance within which Children may be sent to the School of any District formed under the said or any subsequent Statute from any Parish or Union not combined therein, and so much of the Sixth Section of the Statute of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five, as limits the Distance within which Children may be sent from one Workhouse to another, are hereby repealed.

17. In

Provision for educating Children in the Religion to which they . belong.

Persons relieved out of the Workhouse refusing to perform Task of Work rendered liable to be punished under the 5 G. 4, c, 83.

The Limits imposed by Sect. 51. of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. and Sect. 6. of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 105. withdrawn.

Poor Law Amendment.

Sect. 3. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 55. amended.

Interpretation of Terms, and Consolidation of the Acts.

[Short Title.]

18 & 19 Vict. c. 95.

Towns Improvement Clauses Act not to apply to Boroughs.

Part of Sec. 5. of recited Act repealed.

Expenses of executing Act in Boroughs to he paid out of Borough Fund.

Cap. 113, 114.

29 & 30 VICT.

17. In Clause Three of the Statute Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-five, One Year shall be substituted for Three Years.

18. In all Statutes, except there shall be something in the Context inconsistent herewith, the Word " Parish " shall among other Meanings applicable to it signify a Place for which a separate Poor Pate is or can be made, or for which a separate Overseer is or can be appointed, and all the other Words used herein shall be construed in the like Manner as in the said Statute passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth; and the Provisions contained therein and in the subsequent Statutes explaining and extending the same, and not repealed, shall, so far as they shall be consistent herewith, be extended to this Statute.

19. This Act may be cited and described for all Purposes as "The Poor Law Amendment Act of 1866/ '

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries Act.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Public Libraries

f Act, 1855, and to assimilate the Laws relating to

Public Libraries in England and Scotland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of the Section Fifteen of the said Public Libraries Act, 1855, as incorporates with that Act certain Clauses of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, shall, so far as the same relates to or concerns Municipal Boroughs, be repealed.

2. Section Five of the said Act, except so much thereof as relates to keeping distinct Accounts, shall be repealed; and the Expenses incurred in calling and holding the Meeting, whether the said Act shall be adopted or not, and the Expenses of carrying the said Act into execution in any Municipal Borough, may be paid out of the Borough Rate of such Borough, or by and out of a Rate to be made and recovered in such Borough, in like Manner as a Borough Rate may be made and recovered therein; but the Amount so paid in such Borough in any One Year shall not exceed the Sum of One Penny in the Pound upon the annual Value of the Property in such Borough rateable to a Borough Rate: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Operation of the Act Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eight, so far as it relates to the Collection of a Rate for a Public Library in the City of Oxford.

3. The

1866.

3.

Public Libraries Act Amendment. Cap. 114.

815

The Public Meeting

Calling of Meeting in Boroughs.

Parishes ad-

mentioned in Section of the said Public Libraries Act, 1855* shall be called either on the Request of the Town Council, or on the Request in Writing of Ten Ratepayers residing in the Borough.

4. Any Parish, of whatever Population, adjoining any Borough, District, or Parish which shall have adopted or shall contemplate the Adoption of the said Public Libraries Act, unite in ado^t^ 1855, may, with the Consent of more than One Half of lug Act.

the Ratepayers thereof present at a Meeting to be convened in manner directed by the said Act with reference to Meetings of Ratepayers, and with the Consent also of the Town Council of such Borough, or the Board of such District, or the Commissioners of such Parish, as the Case may be, determine that such adjoining Parish shall for the Purposes of the said Act form Part of such Borough, District, or Parish, and thereupon the Vestry of such adjoining Parish shall forthwith appoint Three Ratepayers Commissioners for such Parish, One Third of whom shall go out of Office and the Vacancies be filled up as provided by the said Act with respect to the Commissioners of a Parish, and such Commissioners for the Time being shall for the Purposes of the said Act be considered as Part of such Town Council, Board, or Commissioners, as the Case may be; and the Expenses of calling the Meeting, and the Proportion of the Expenses of such adjoining Parish of carrying the said Act into execution, shall be paid out of the Poor Rates thereof to such Person as the Commissioners of the said adjoining Parish shall appoint to receive the same.

5. The Majority necessary to be obtained for the Adoption Majority for of the said Act or the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1854, ActPtl°n_° shall be more than One Half of the Persons present at the Meeting, instead of Two Thirds of such Persons, as now required.

6. The Public Libraries Act (1855) and the Public Libraries Act applicable Act (Scotland) (1854) shall be applicable to any Borough, ^onmaybeU" District, or Parish or Burgh, of whatever Population.

7. So much of Section 6 of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1854, as authorizes the demanding of a Poll, and Sections Seven and Eight of the said Act, are hereby repealed.

8. If any Meeting called as provided by the said last- If Burgh de-mentioned Act shall determine against the Adoption of the f^berMeet^n Act in any Burgh, no Meeting for a similar Purpose shall for a Year, be held for the Space of One Year at least from the Time

of holding the previous Meeting.

9. The Clauses and Provisions of the Companies Clauses Parts of Consolidation (Scotland) Act (1845) with respect to the bor-

rowing of Money upon Mortgage or Bond, and the Account- Powers ex- ability of Officers, and the Recovery of Damages and Penalties, tended to so far as such Provisions may respectively be applicable to 38 Vict* the Purposes of the said Public Libraries Act (Scotland)

(1854), shall be respectively incorporated with that Act.

10. Wherever

17 & 18 Vict c. 64. ss. 6, 7, 8-repealed.

A Library, &c. may be established in connexion mtb any Museum, &c.

[Short Title.]

Straits Settlements shall cease to be Part of India.

Cap. 114, 115. Public Libraries Act Amendment. 29 & 30 VICT *

10. Wherever a Public Museum or Library has been established under any Act relating to Public Libraries or Museums, or shall hereafter be established under either of the said before-mentioned Acts, a Public Library or Museum, as the Case may be, may at any Time be established in connexion therewith without any further Proceedings being taken under the said Acts.

11, This Act may be cited as The Public Libraries Amendment Act (England and Scotland), 1866, and shall be taken to be Part of the said Public Libraries Act, 1855, and shall be construed accordingly.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to provide for the Government of the " Straits Settlements.'5 [10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Islands and Territories known as the f " Straits Settlements," namely, Prince of Wales' Island,

the Island of Singapore, and the Town and Fort of Malacca, and their Dependencies, were heretofore Part of the c Territories in the Possession and under the Government of the East India Company, and became vested in Her Majesty c as a Part of India by virtue and subject to the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Year of

Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, intituled An Act for the better Government of India: And whereas it is

expedient that the said Settlements and their Dependencies should cease to form Part of India, and should be placed under the Government of Her Majesty as Part of the f Colonial Possessions of the Crown: And whereas it may be f hereafter expedient to include the Colony of Labuan within f the Government of the said Settlements Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order to be by Her made with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to declare that this Act shall come into operation at a Time to be specified in such Order in Council, and at such Time the said Settlements shall cease to be Part of India for the Purposes and within the Meaning of the aforesaid Act, and it shall be further lawful for Her Majesty by any such Order to make Provision respecting the Enforcement by or against the Government of the said Settlements of all or any of such Debts, Claims, and Obligations as might if this Act had not passed have been enforced by or against the Government of India in connexion with the Administration of the said Settlements.

2. From

18 6 6. Straits Settlements. Cap. 115.

2. From and after the coming into operation of this Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order or Orders to be by Her from Time to Time made, with the Advice of Her said Privy Council, to establish all such Laws, Institutions, and Ordinances, and to constitute such Courts and Officers, and to make such Provisions and Regulations for the Proceedings in such Courts, and for the Administration of Justice, and for the raising and Expenditure of the Public Revenue, as may be deemed advisable for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Her Majesty's Subjects and others within the said Settlements, or within any Territory which may at any Time be Part of or dependent upon the same, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or by any Instructions under Her Majesty's Signet and Sign Manual, accompanying and referred to in any such Letters Patent, to delegate to any Three or more Persons within the said Settlements, or within any Part or Dependency thereof, the Powers and Authorities so vested in Her Majesty in Council as aforesaid, either in whole or in part, and upon, under, and subject to all such Conditions, Provisoes, and Limitations as by any such Letters Patent or Instructions as aforesaid Her Majesty shall see fit to prescribe; and, subject as aforesaid, to empower such Three or more Persons to exercise in respect to the Island of Labuan and its Dependencies all or any of the Powers and Authorities herein-before vested in Her Majesty in respect to the said Settlements: Provided always, that, notwithstanding any such Delegation or Grant of Authority as aforesaid, it shall still be competent to Her Majesty in Council, in manner aforesaid, to exercise all the Powers and Authorities, either by virtue of this Act or otherwise, vested in Her Majesty in Council.

4. Until otherwise provided by Her Majesty in Council, or by such Three or more Persons as aforesaid, all Laws or Regulations (except the aforesaid Act of Parliament) which, when this Act shall come into operation, shall be in force in the said Settlements and their Dependencies, and all Proceedings of any Court of Justice had or to be had therein, shall be and continue to be of the same Force and Effect, and all Judicial and other Officers who, when this Act shall come into operation, shall be lawfully exercising their Offices in the said Settlements and their Dependencies, shall continue to have and exercise the same Functions and Authorities therein, as if this Act had not been passed.

817

Power to Her Majesty in Council to make Laws, constitute Courts, &c

Power to Her Majesty to delegate Her Powers and Authorities to resident Officers.

Existing Laws and Officers preserved.

Indemnity.

29 & 30 VICT.

1 G. 1. st. 2.

C. 13.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

21 & 22 Vict. C. 48.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 49.

22 Vict. c. 10.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their 4 *" Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have qualified themselves according to an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Statute Two, Chapter Thirteen, or according to an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, or according to an Act of the Session of the Twentyfirst and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty,

Chapter Forty-eight, or according to an Act of the same

Session, Chapter Forty-nine, or according to an Act of the Twenty-second Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ten, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to qualify themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or some of them respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities

For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Person who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath omitted to take or make or subscribe any Oath, Affirmation, or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act hath taken and subscribed the Oaths or Oath, Affirmation or Assurance, required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, shall take and subscribe the Oaths or Oath, Affirmation or Assurance, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Affirmation or Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts

or

819

1866. Indemnity. Cap. 116.

or any or either of them* shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or making and subscribing any Oaths or Oath, Affirmation or Assurance, required by the said Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself, according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person had duly taken or made and subscribed such Oath, Affirmation, or Assurance according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person qualifying himself in maimer and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person had taken or made and subscribed such Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Assurance, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

2. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England

and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected c or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne> intituled c An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery:

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons "respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths and Declaration required by the Irish Act,

2 Anne, c. 6.

820 Cap. 116. Indemnity. 29 & 30 VICT.

sixty-seven, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament.

Not to indem- 3. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein n^Dst wlwm confai]aec^ shall not extend or be construed to extend to infill judgment demnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have has been given, been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

Admissions to 4. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Corporations Peace, Town Clerks, and other Public Officers, and the 5ter Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Cor-

allowed. ' porations, and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland,

or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, c Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough ' Towns, which by several Acts are directed and required to f be stamped, may not have been provided, or may not have been stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town

Clerk,

1866. Indemnity. Cap. 116, 117. 821

Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members,

Officer or Officers, of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities,

Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

5. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein con- Not to restore tained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore office^oided or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employ- judgment, ment. Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually

avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same as if this Act had never been passed.

6. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Infor- General Issue, mation shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried

on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Great Britain.

[10th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866.

2. This Act shall not extend to Ireland. ^, PP^ation

3. " Managers " shall include any Person or Persons having £efil°t*ion of the Management or Control of any School to which this Act Terms, applies:

3 Z 3 " Justice ' '

822

28 & 29 Vict. C. 126.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105.

Mode certifying Reformatory-Schools.

Inspection of School.

Power to appoint Assistant to Inspector.

"Justice" shall apply to England only, and shall mean a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of a Justice arises:

"Justices3' shall apply to England only, and shall mean Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions, and shall include the Lord Mayor or an Alderman of the City of London, or a Police or Stipendiary Magistrate or other Justice having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two Justices:

" Magistrate 33 shall apply to Scotland only, and shall include Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Justice of the Peace of a County, Judge in a Police Court, and Provost or Baillie of a City or Burgh:

" Prison Authority " shall in England mean the same Persons as are defined to be Prison Authorities by The Prisons Act, 1865, and in Scotland shall mean the Administrators of a Prison, as defined by The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860:

"Visiting Justice" shall in Scotland mean the Administrators of a Prison, defined as aforesaid.

Certified Reformatory Schools.

4. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, herein-after referred to as the Secretary of State, may, upon the Application of the Managers of any [Reformatory School for the better training of youthful Offenders, direct One of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Prisons, who shall be styled the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, to examine into the Condition and Regulations of the School, and to report to him thereon; and, if satisfied with such Report, the Secretary of State may, by Writing under his Hand, certify that such School is fitted for the Reception of such youthful Offenders as may be sent there in pursuance of this Act, and the same shall be deemed a Certified Reformatory School.

[No substantial Addition or Alteration shall be made to or in the Buildings of any Certified Reformatory School without the Approval in Writing of the Secretary of State.

5. Every Certified Reformatory School shall from Time to Time, and at least once in every Year, be visited by the Inspector of Reformatory Schools; and the Secretary of State, if dis-satisfied with the Condition of such School as reported to him, may withdraw the Certificate, and may by Notice under his Hand, addressed and sent to the Managers of such School, declare that the Certificate is withdrawn as from a Time specified in the Notice, being not less than Six Months after the Date of the Notice.

6. The Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint a fit Person to assist the Inspector of Reformatory Schools; and every Person so appointed shall have such of the Powers and Duties of the Inspector as the Secretary of State from

823

1866. Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117.

Time to Time prescribes, but shall act under the Direction of the Inspector.

7. The Managers of any Certified Reformatory School may, upon giving Six Months, and the Executors or Administrators of a deceased Manager (if only One) of any Certified Reformatory School may, upon giving One Month's, previous Notice in Writing of their Intention so to do, resign the Certificate given to such School; and accordingly, at the Expiration of Six Months or One Month (as the Case may be) from the Date of the Notice (unless before that Time the Notice is withdrawn), the Certificate shall be deemed to be resigned.

8. The Managers of a Certified Reformatory School may decline to receive any youthful Offender proposed to be sent to them under this Act, but when they have once received him they shall be deemed to have undertaken to educate, clothe, lodge, and feed him during the whole Period for which he is liable to be detained in the School, or until the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate takes effect, or until the Contribution out of Money provided by Parliament towards the Custody and Maintenance of the Offenders detained in the School is discontinued, whichever shall first happen.

9. Whenever the Certificate is withdrawn from or resigned by the Managers of a Reformatory School no youthful Offender shall be received into such School after the Date of the Receipt by the Managers of the School of the Notice of Withdrawal or after the Date of the Notice of Resignation (as the Case may be); but the Obligation of the Managers to educate, clothe, lodge, and feed any youthful Offenders in the School at the respective Dates aforesaid shall, excepting so far as the Secretary of State may otherwise direct, be deemed to continue until the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate takes effect, or until the Contribution out of Money provided by Parliament towards the Custody and Maintenance of the Offenders detained in the School is discontinued, whichever shall first happen.

10. When the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate of a Reformatory School takes effect, the youthful Offenders detained therein shall be, by the Order of the Secretary of State, either discharged or transferred to some other Certified Reformatory School.

11. A Notice of the Grant of any Certificate to a Reformatory School, or of the Withdrawal or Resignation of such a Certificate, shall within One Month be advertised by Order of the Secretary of State, as to a School in England in the London Gazette, and as to a School in Scotland in the Edinburgh Gazette.

12. The Managers of any Certified Reformatory School may from Time to Time make all necessary Rules for the Management and Discipline of the School under their Charge, but such Rules shall not be contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and shall not be enforced until they have been submitted

to

Resignation of Certificate by Managers.

Liabilities of Managers.

Effect of Withdrawal of Certificate.

Disposal of Inmates on Withdrawal, &c. of Certificate.

Publication of the Grant or Withdrawal of Certificate.

Power to make Rules, &c.

Officers to have Privileges, &c. of Constables.

Offenders under 16 Years of Age may be sent to Certified Reformatory Schools.

Cap. 117. Reformatory Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

to and approved in Writing by the Secretary of State, and no Alteration shall be made without the Approval in Writing of the Secretary of State in any Rules so approved.

13. Every Officer of a Certified Reformatory School authorized by the Managers of the School, in Writing under their Hands or the Hand of their Secretary, to take charge of any youthful Offender sentenced to Detention under, this Act for the Purpose of conveying him to or from the School, or of bringing him back to the School in case of his Escape or Refusal to return, shall, for such Purpose and while engaged in such Duty, have all such Powers, Authorities, Protection, and Privileges for the Purpose of the Execution of his Duty as a Reformatory Officer as any Constable duly appointed has within his Constable wick by Common Law, Statute, or Custom.

Commitment of Offenders to and their Status at a Certified Reformatory School.

14. Whenever any Offender who, in the Judgment of the Court, Justices, or Magistrate before whom he is charged, is under the Age of Sixteen Years, is convicted, on Indictment or in a summary Manner, of an Offence punishable with Penal Servitude or Imprisonment, and is sentenced to be imprisoned for the Term of Ten Days or a longer Term, the Court, Justices, or Magistrate may also sentence him to be sent, at the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment, to a Certified Reformatory School, and to be there detained for a Period of not less than Two Years and not more than Five Years:

Provided always, that a youthful Offender under the Age of Ten Years shall not be so directed to be sent to a Reformatory School unless he has been previously charged with some Crime or Offence punishable with Penal Servitude or Imprisonment, or is sentenced in England by a Judge of Assize or Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or in Scotland by a Circuit Court of Justiciary or Sheriff.

The particular School to which the youthful Offender is to be sent may be named either at the Time of his Sentence being passed, or within Seven Days thereafter, by the Court, Justices, or Magistrate who sentenced him, or in default thereof at any Time before the Expiration of his Imprisonment by any Visiting Justice of the Prison to which he is committed.

In choosing a Certified Reformatory School, the Court, Justices, Magistrate, or Visiting Justice shall endeavour to ascertain the Religious Persuasion to which the youthful Offender belongs, and, so far as is possible, a Selection shall be made of a School conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to which the youthful Offender appears to the Court, Justices, Magistrate, or Visiting Justice to belong, which Persuasion shall be specified by the Court, Justices, Magistrate, or Visiting Justice.

It

1866. Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117. 825

It shall be lawful, upon the Representation of the Parent, or in the Case of an Orphan then of the Guardian or nearest adult Relative, of any Offender detained in any such School, for a Minister of the Religious Persuasion of such Offender, at certain fixed Hours of the Day, which shall be fixed by the Secretary of State for the Purpose, to visit such School for the Purpose of affording Religious Assistance to such Offender, and also for the Purpose of instructing such Offender in the Principles of his Religion.

15. The Gaoler of every Prison having in his Custody any Removal of youthful Offender sentenced to be sent to a Reformatory School Offender to shall at the appointed Time deliver such Offender into the formatory Custody of the Superintendent or other Person in charge of the School. School in which he is to be detained, together with the Warrant or other Document in pursuance of which the Offender was imprisoned and is sent to such School.

The Possession of the Warrant or other Document in pursuance of which a youthful Offender is sent to a Certified Reformatory School shall be a sufficient Authority for his Detention in such School.

16. The Parent, Step-parent, or Guardian, or if there be Power to

no Parent, Step-parent, or Guardian, then the God-parent or to

nearest adult Relative of any youthful Offender sent or about ^ove Offender to be sent to a Certified Reformatory School which is not to a School conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to condl\ctedm

o accord au

which the Offender belongs, may apply to the Court by ^th Offender's whom such Offender was sentenced to be sent to a Reforma- Religious tory School, or to the Visiting Justices of the Prison to which Persuas1013* he was committed by that Court, or to the Justices or Magistrate by whom he was sentenced to be sent to a Reformatory School (or Justices or a Magistrate having the like Jurisdiction), to send or to remove such Offender to a Certified Reformatory School conducted in accordance with the Offender's Religious Persuasion, and the Court, Visiting Justices,

Justices, or Magistrate (as the Case may be) shall, upon Proof of such Offender's Religious Persuasion, comply with the Request of the Applicant, provided, —

First, that the Application be made before the Offender has been sent to a Certified Reformatory School, or within Thirty Days after his Arrival at such a School;

Secondly, that the Applicant show to the Satisfaction of the Court, Visiting Justices, Justices, or Magistrate that the Managers of the School named by him are willing to receive the Offender.

17. The Secretary of State may at any Time order any Discharge or Offender to be discharged from a Certified Reformatory School, Removal by or to be removed from one Certified Reformatory School to ^ry^/stateT6" another, but so that the whole Period of Detention of the

Offender in a Reformatory School shall not be increased by such Removal.

8*6

Placing Offenders out on Licence.

Power to

apprentice

Offenders.

The Secretary of State may also at any Time, after having given Ten Days Notice to the Managers, order a youthful Offender under Sentence of Detention in a Reformatory or Industrial School established under any other Act of Parliament, the General Buies for the Government whereof have been approved by the Secretary of State, to be discharged from such School, or to be removed therefrom to any Certified Reformatory School, and in case of Removal the youthful Offender shall after such Removal be deemed to be subject in all respects to the Provisions of this Act, but so that the whole Period of Detention of the Offender under his Sentence shall not be increased by such BemovaL

18. The Managers of a Certified Reformatory School may, at any Time after the Expiration of Eighteen Months of the Period of Detention allotted to a youthful Offender, by Licence under their Hands, permit him to live with any trustworthy and respectable Person named in the Licence willing to receive and take charge of him.

Any Licence so granted shall not be in force for more than Three Months, but may at any Time before the Expiration of such Three Months be renewed for a further Period not exceeding Three Months, to commence from the Expiration of the previous Period of Three Months, and so from Time to Time until the youthful Offender's Period of Detention is expired.

Any such Licence may also he revoked by the Managers of the School, by Writing under their Hands, at any Time before the Expiration of such Period of Three Months, and thereupon the youthful Offender to whom the Licence related may be required by the Managers, by Writing under their Hands, to return to the School.

The Time during which a youthful Offender is absent from a Certified Reformatory School in pursuance of a Licence under this Section shall, except where such Licence has been forfeited by his Misconduct, he deemed to be Part of the Time of his Detention in the School, and at the Expiration of the Time fixed by his Licence he shall be taken back to the School.

Any youthful Offender escaping from the Person with whom he is placed in pursuance of this Section, or refusing to return to the School at the Expiration of the Time fixed by his Licence, or any Renewal thereof^ or when required to do so on the Eevocation of his Licence, shall be liable to the same Penalty as if he had escaped from the School itself.

19. The Managers of a Certified Reformatory School may, at any Time after an Offender has been placed out on Licence as aforesaid, if he conducted himself well during his Absence from the School, bind him, with his own Consent, Apprentice to any Trade, Calling, or Service, notwithstanding that his Period of Detention has not expired; and every such Binding shall be valid and effectual to all Intents.

Offences

Reformatory Schools.

Cap. 117.

827

Offences in relation to Reformatory Schools.

20. If any Offender detained in a Certified Reformatory School wilfully neglects or wilfully refuses to conform to the Rules thereof* he shall, upon summary Conviction before a Justice or Magistrate having Jurisdiction in the Place or District where the School is situate, be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months; and at the Expiration of the Term of his Imprisonment he shall, by and at the Expense of the Managers of the School, be brought back to the School from which he was taken, there to be detained during a Period equal to so much of his Period of Detention as remained unexpired at the Time of his being sent to Prison.

21. If any Offender sentenced to be detained in a Certified Reformatory School escapes therefrom, he may, at any Time before the Expiration of his Period of Detention, be apprehended without Warrant, and, if the Managers of the School think fit, but not otherwise, may (any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding) be then brought before a Justice or Magistrate having Jurisdiction in the Place or District where he is found, or in the Place or District where the School from which he escaped is situate; and he shall thereupon be liable, on summary Conviction before such a Justice or Magistrate, to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months; and at the Expiration of such Term he shall, by and at the Expense of the Managers of the School, be brought back to the School from which he escaped, there to be detained during a Period equal to so much of his Period of Detention as remained unexpired at the Time of his escaping.

22. Every Person who commits any of the following Offences, (that is to say,) —

First, knowingly assists directly or indirectly an Offender detained in a Certified Reformatory School to escape from the School;

Second, directly or indirectly induces such an Offender to escape from the School;

Third, knowingly harbours, conceals, or prevents from returning to the School, or assists in harbouring, concealing, or preventing from returning to the School, any Offender who has escaped from a Certified Reformatory School, — shall, on summary Conviction before Two Justices or a Magistrate, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or, at the Discretion of the Justices, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Months, with or without Hard Labour.

Expenses of Reformatory Schools.

23. The Expense of conveying to any Certified Reformatory School any youthful Offender who has been directed to be

Refusal to conform to Rules.

Escaping from School.

Penalty on Persons inducing Offenders to escape from Certified Reformatory Schools.

Expenses of Conveyance and Clothing,

8 28

Cap. 117.

Reformatory Schools.

29 & 30 VICT.

Contribution by Treasury.

Order of Justices for Contribution to Maintenance of Offenders in School.

detained in such a School, and the Expense of proper Clothing for him requisite for his Admission to the School, shall be defrayed as a current Expense by the Prison Authority within whose District he has been last imprisoned.

24. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may contribute, out of Money provided by Parliament, such Sum as the Secretary of State may recommend towards the Expenses of the Custody and Maintenance of any Offender detained in a Certified Reformatory School, or in discharge of the Expenses of any Removal of an Offender which has been ordered under the Provisions of this Act.

25. The Parent or Step-parent or other Person legally liable to maintain any youthful Offender detained in a Certified Reformatory School shall, if of sufficient Ability, contribute to his Support and Maintenance therein a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Week.

On the Complaint of the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, or of any Agent of the Inspector, or of any Constable under the Directions of the Inspector (with which Directions the Constable is hereby required to comply), at any Time during the Continuance of the Offender in the School, any Justices or Magistrate having Jurisdiction at the Place where the Parent, Step-parent, or other Person liable as aforesaid resides, may, on Summons to the Parent or Step-parent or other Person liable as aforesaid, examine into his or her Ability, and may, if they or he think fit, make an Order or Decree on him or her for the Payment to the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, or to an Agent of the Inspector, of such weekly Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings per Week, as to them or him seems reasonable, during the whole or any Part of the Period for which the Offender is liable to be detained in the School.

Every such Order or Decree may specify the Time during which the Payment is to be made, or may be until further Order.

In Scotland any such Order or Decree shall be held to be and to have the Effect of an Order or Decree in each and every Week for Payment of the Sum ordered to be paid for such Week; and under the Warrant for Arrestment therein contained (which the Magistrate is hereby authorized to grant if he sees fit), it shall be lawful to arrest weekly, for Payment of such weekly Sum as aforesaid, the Wages of the Defender due and current, and such Arrestment shall attach not only to the Wages due and .'payable to the Defender at the Date thereof, but also to the Wages current for the Week or other Term or Period in which such Arrestment is executed, any Law or Statute notwithstanding.

Every such Payment shall go in relief of the Charges on Her Majesty's Treasury, and shall be accounted for as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury direct.

The Secretary of State may, in his Discretion, remit all or any Part of any Payment so ordered.

26. Any

1866. Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117.

26. Any Justices or Magistrate having Jurisdiction to make such Order or Decree may from Time to Time vary the same as Circumstances require* on the Application either of the Person on whom the Order or Decree is made* or of the Inspector of Reformatory Schools* or of any Agent of the Inspector* on Fourteen Days Notice being first given of such Application to the Inspector or Agent* or to such Person respectively.

27. Any Prison Authority may contract with the Managers of any Certified Reformatory School for the Reception and Maintenance therein of Offenders whose Detention in a Certified Reformatory School is directed by a Court* or Justices* or a Magistrate* acting for or within the District of the contracting Prison Authority* in consideration of such Payments as may be from Time to Time agreed on.

28. A Prison Authority in England may from Time to Time contribute such Sums of Money* and upon such Conditions as it may think fit* towards the Alteration* Enlargement* or rebuilding of a Certified Reformatory School* — or towards the Support of the Inmates of such a School* — or towards the Management of such a School* — or towards the Establishment or building of a School intended to be a Certified Reformatory School* — or towards the Purchase of any Land required for the Use of an existing Certified Reformatory School* or for the Site of any School intended to be a Certified Reformatory School; provided* —

First* that not less than Two Months previous Notice of the Intention of the Prison Authority to take into consideration the making of such Contribution, at a. Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice* be given by Advertisement in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulated within the District of the Prison Authority* and also in the Manner in which Notices relating to Business to be transacted by that Authority are usually given:

Secondly* that where the Council of a Borough is the Prison Authority, the Order for the Contribution be made at a Special Meeting of the Council:

Thirdly, that where the Contribution is for Alteration* Enlargement* rebuilding* Establishment, or building of a School or intended School* or for Purchase of Land* the Approval of the Secretary of State be previously given for that Alteration* Enlargement* rebuilding, Establishment, building* or Purchase.

In Scotland a County Board may contribute to any Certified Reformatory School with the Consent and in the Manner provided by The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act* 1860.

29. In order to obtain the Approval of the Secretary of State as aforesaid where required* the Managers of the School* or Promoters of the intended School* shall forward to the Secre-

829

* Variation of Order.

Power of Prison Authority to contract with Managers of Schools.

Contribution to Establishment and Enlargement of Certified Reformatory Schools.

Mode of obtaining Sanction of Secretary of State.

830

Expenses of Prison Authorities and Comity Boards how defrayed.

Power for Local Reformatories in Scotland to receive Offenders.

Power to Secretary of State to send Offenders to Reformatory Schools on conditional Pardon.

Cap. 117. Reformatory Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

tary of State Particulars of the proposed Establishment or Purchase, and a Plan of the proposed Alteration, Enlargement, rebuilding, or building, drawn on such Scale, and accompanied by such Particulars and Estimate of Cost, as the Secretary of State thinks fit to require; and the Secretary of State may approve of the Plan and Particulars submitted to him, with or without Modification, or may disapprove of the same, and his Approval or Disapproval shall be certified by Writing under his Hand.

30. Expenses incurred by a Prison Authority in England in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be deemed Expenses incurred by that Authority in carrying into effect the Provisions of The Prisons Act, 1865, and shall be defrayed accordingly.

Expenses incurred by a County Board in Scotland in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be a Charge on the Assessment for current Expenses incurred by that Board in carrying into effect the Provisions of The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860.

Houses of Refuge, &c. in Scotland.

31. Where in any City, Town, or Place in Scotland there has been erected under Local Act of Parliament or otherwise any House of Refuge for youthful Offenders, or any Reformatory School or other similar Institution, the Commissioners, Directors, or Managers thereof may receive and maintain therein, if willing so to do, all such young Persons as are sent thereto under this Act, and may pay such Portion of the Fund under their Control as they think proper for the Training, Maintenance, and Disposal of such young Persons: Provided that such House of Refuge, School, or Institution is certified as a Reformatory School under this Act, and the Rules thereof, and all Alterations thereof from Time to Time, are approved by the Secretary of State.

Conditional Pardons.

32. Where before or after the passing of this Act a youthful Offender has been sentenced to Transportation, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment, and has been pardoned by Her Majesty on condition of his placing himself under the Care of some charitable Institution for the Reception and Reformation of youthful Offenders, the Secretary of State may direct him, if under the Age of Sixteen Years, to be sent to a Certified Reformatory School, the Managers of which consent to receive him for a Period of not less than Two Years and not more than Five Years; and thereupon such Offender shall be deemed to be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, as if he had been originally sentenced to Detention in a Certified Reformatory School.

Evidence.

1866. Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117. 831

Evidence.

33. The following Rules shall be enacted with respect to Rules respect-

Evidence under this Act: ing Evidence.

(1.) The Production of the London or Edinburgh Gazette im er ° ' containing a Notice of the Grant or Withdrawal of a Certificate by the Secretary of State to or from a Reformatory School, or of the Resignation of any such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Fact of the Publication of such Notice, and also of the Fact of a Certificate having been duly granted to or withdrawn from the School named in the Notice, or resigned by the Managers thereof.

(2.) The Grant of a Certificate to a certified School may also be proved by the Production of the Certificate itself, or of a Copy of the same, purporting to be signed by the Inspector of Reformatory Schools.

(3.) The Production of the Warrant or other Document in pursuance of which a youthful Offender is directed to be sent to a Certified Reformatory School, with a Statement indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, purporting to be signed by the Superintendent or other Person in charge of the School, to the Effect that the Offender therein named was duly received into and is at the Date of the signing thereof detained in the School, or has been otherwise dealt with according to Law, shall in all Proceedings relating to such Offender be Evidence of the Identity of and of the due Conviction and Imprisonment of and subsequent Detention of the Offender named in the Warrant or other Document.

(4) A Copy of the Rules of a Certified Reformatory School, purporting to be signed by the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, shall be Evidence of such Rules in all legal Proceedings whatever.

(5.) A School to which any youthful Offender is directed to be sent in pursuance of this Act shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a Certified Reformatory School within the Meaning of this Act.

Legal Proceedings.

34. The following Acts, that is to say, — Recovery of

In England, the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Penalties.

Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, icithin England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, and any Acts amending the same;

In Scotland, The Summary Procedure Act, 1864, — shall apply to all Offences, Payments, and Orders in respect of which Jurisdiction is given to Justices or a Magistrate by this

4 A 2 Act,

Service of Notice on Managers of Schools.

Use of Forms in Schedule.

Enactments

herein-named

repealed.

Sect. 11 of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 82.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 86.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 87.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 109.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 55.

Application of Act to existing Certified Schools.

Cap. 117. Reformatojy Schools. 29 & 30 VICT

Act, or which are directed to be prosecuted, enforced, or made in a summary Manner or upon summary Conviction.

35. Any Notice may be served on the Managers of a Certified Reformatory School by delivering the same personally to any One of them, or by sending it, by Post or otherwise, in a Letter addressed to them or any of them at the School, or at the usual or last known Place of Abode of any Manager, or of their Secretary.

Forms.

36. No Summons, Notice, or Order made for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be invalidated for Want of Form only; and the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the Cases to which they refer, with such Variations as Circumstances require, and when used shall be deemed sufficient.

Repeal of Enactments.

37. There shall be repealed the Enactments herein-after mentioned, that is to say, —

Section Eleven of the Act of the Session of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-two, intituled An Act for establishing a Prison for young Offenders;

The Act of the Session of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-six, intituled An Act for the better Care and Reformation of youthful Offenders in Great Britain;

The Act of the Session of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-seven, intituled An Act to amend the Act for the better Care and Reformation of youthful Offenders, and the Act to render Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Scotland more available for the Benefit of Vagrant Children;

The Act of the Session of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, intituled An Act to amend the Mode of committing Criminal and Vagrant Children to Reformatory and Industrial Schools;

The Act of the Session of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-five, intituled An Act to promote the Establishment and Extension of Reformatory Schools in England:

Provided that such Repeal shall not affect —

1. Any Certificate given or anything duly done under any

Act hereby repealed:

2. Any Penalty, Forfeiture, or other Punishment incurred

under any Act hereby repealed, or any Remedy for recovering or enforcing the same.

38. This Act shall apply to all Reformatory Schools certified under the Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, and to all Offenders sent to any Reformatory School under the Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, in the same Manner in all

respects

1866.

833

Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117.

respects as if such Schools had been certified and such Offenders had been sent thereto under this Act, with this Qualification, that no youthful Offender shall be detained in any Reformatory School in pursuance of any Order made under the repealed Acts, or any of them, for a longer Period than he would have been liable to be detained therein if this Act had not been passed.

SCHEDULE.

FORMS.

(A.)

Conviction.

}Be it remembered, That on the Day of

at in the said

[County] of A.B., under the Age of Sixteen

Years, to wit, of the Age of [Thirteen] Years, is convicted before us. Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County], for that [^c., state Offence in usual Manner]; and we adjudge the said A.B. for his said Offence to be imprisoned in the [Prison] at in the said [County],

[and to be there kept to Hard Labour] for the Space of:

And that, in pursuance of The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, we also sentence the said A.B. (whose Religious Persuasion appears to us to be)to be sent, at the Expiration of the Term of Imprisonment aforesaid, to Reformatory School at in the County of

(the Managers whereof are willing to receive him) [or to some Certified Reformatory School to be hereafter, and before the Expiration of the Term of Imprisonment aforesaid, named in this Behalf], and to be there detained for the Period of commencing from and after the Day of

[the Date of the Expiration of the Sentence].

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above mentioned, at in the T County] aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

L.M. (l.s.)

(B.)

Order of Detention.

) To the Constable of, and to the

to wit. j Keeper of the [Prison] at in the said [County] of

Whereas A.B., late of [Labourer], under the

Age of Sixteen Years, to wit, of the Age of [Thirteen] Years, was this Day duly convicted before the undersigned. Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of, for that [§<; ., stating the Offence as

in the Conviction], and it was thereby adjudged that the said A.B., for his said Offence, should be imprisoned in the [Prison] at in the said [County], [and be there kept to

4 A 3 Hard

834

Cap. 117. Refm'matory Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

Hard Labour] for the Space of; and in pursu-

ance of The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, the said A.B. (whose Religious Persuasion appeared to us to be)

was thereby sentenced to be sent, at the Expiration of the Term of Imprisonment aforesaid, to the Reformatory

School at in the County of (the

Managers whereof are willing to receive him therein), [or to some Certified Reformatory School to be before the Expiration of the said Term named in that Behalf,] and to be there detained for the Period of commencing from and after the Day of [the Hate of the

Expiration of the Sentence]:

These are therefore to command you, the said Constable of, to take the said A.B., and him safely convey

to the [Prison] as aforesaid, and there to deliver

him to the Keeper thereof, together with this Precept: And we do hereby command you, the said Keeper of the said [Prison], to receive the said A.B. into your Custody in the said [Prison], there to imprison him [and keep him to Hard Labour] for the Space of: [And we further command you,

the said Keeper, to send the said A.B. at the Expiration of his Term of Imprisoment aforesaid as and in the Manner directed by The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, to the Reformatory School as aforesaid [or to the

Reformatory School named by an Order indorsed hereon under the Hands and Seals of us, or under the Hand and Seal of One other of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, being a Visiting Justice of the said Prison], together with this Order :] And for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord at

in the \ County] aforesaid.

J.S. (L.S.)

L.M. (L.S.)

(C.)

Nomination of School endorsed on the Order of Detention.

In pursuance of The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, I, the undersigned, One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [County] of hereby name the

Reformatory School at 6 in the County of

as the School to which the within-named A.B. (whose Religious Persuasion appears to me to be

) is to be sent as within provided [add where required m lieu of the School within {or above) named].

Given under my Hand and Seal, this of at in the County of

E.F.

Day

(ii.fi.) '

(D-)

Reformatory Schools.

CD-)

Cap. 117.

Complaint for enforcing in England Contribution from Parent, , fyc. c.

\ The Complaint of the Inspector of Reformatory to wit. j Schools [or as the Case may be] made to ns, the undersigned, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of, this Day of

at in the same County, who says. That one A.B. of (*)

the Age of Years, or thereabouts, is now detained in

the Reformatory School at in the County of, under The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, and

has been duly ordered and directed to be detained therein until the Day of w: That one C.B., dwelling in

the Parish of in the County of is

the Parent [or Step-parent, &c.] of the said A.B., and is of sufficient Ability to contribute to the Support and Maintenance of the said A.B., his Son: (*) The said Complainant therefore

prays that the said C.B. may be summoned to show Cause why an Order should not be made on him so to contribute.

Exhibited before us, C.D.

J.S.

L.M

(E.

Summons to Parent, &c.

(This will be in Form (A.) in Schedule to 11 Sf 12 Vict. c. 43.)

(F.)

Order on Parent, &c. in England to contribute a Weekly Sum.

Be it remembered, That on this Day

to wit. J of at in the said [County] of a certain Complaint of the

Inspector of Reformatory Schools [or as the Case may be], for that one A.B. of, &c.

[stating the Cause of Complaint, as in the Form (D.) between the Asterisks if) (*)], was duly heard by and before us, the undersigned. Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of (in

the Presence and Hearing of the said C.B., if so, or the said

C.B. not appearing to the Summons duly issued and served in this Behalf); and we, having duly examined into the Ability of the said C.B., and on Consideration of all the Circumstances of the Case, do order the said C.B. to pay to the said Inspector [or to an Agent of the said Inspector] the Sum of Shillings per Week from the Date of this

Order until the Day of,

the same to be paid at the Expiration of each [Fourteen, or, as the Case may be, Days].

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above mentioned, at in the [County] aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

L.M. (l.s.)

(G.)

835

836

Cap. 117. Reformatory Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

(&)

Distress Warrant for Amount in arrear.

1 To the Constable of, and to all other

to wit. j Peace Officers in the said [County] of

Whereas on the Hearing of a Complaint made by the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, [or as the Case may be,] that A.B. of, , fyc. c.

[stating the Cause of Complaint as in the Form (D.) between the Asterisks (*) (*)], an Order was made on the Day of by us, the under-

signed [or by L.M. and J.H.], Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of against the said (7.1?., to pay to the said Inspector [or as the Case may be] the Sum of per Week from the Date

of the said Order until the Day of,

the same to be paid at the Expiration of each [Twenty-eight] Days [or as the Case may be] (*): And whereas there is due upon the said Order the Sum of being for

[Three] Periods of [Fourteen] Days each, and Default has been made therein for the Space of Fourteen Days:

These are therefore to command you, in Her Majesty's Name, forthwith to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said CB., and if within the Space of [Five] Days next after the making of such Distress the said last-mentioned Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, is not paid, that then you do sell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and do pay the Money arising from such Sale to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace for the of that

he may pay and apply the same as by Law directed, and may render the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the said C.B .; and if no such Distress can be found, then that you certify the same to us, to the end that such Proceedings may be had therein as the Law requires.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of at in the [County]

aforesaid.

J.S. (L.S.) L.M. (l.s.)

(H.)

Commitment in default of Distress.

\ To the Constable of and to the

to wit. j Keeper of the [Prison] at in the said [County] of

Whereas [8fc., as in the Form (G.) to the single Asterisk (*), and then thus]: And whereas afterwards, on the Day of last, I, the undersigned, together with

L.M., Esquire, [or J.S. and L.M., Esquires,] Two of Her Majesty's

1866. Reformatory Schools. Cap. 117.

Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County'] of ., issued a Warrant to the Constable of

aforesaid* commanding him to levy the Sum of due upon the said recited Order, being for

[Three] Periods of [Fourteen] Days, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said C.B .: And whereas a Return has this Day been made to me the said Justice [or the undersigned, One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of ], that no sufficient

Goods of the said C.B. can be found:

These are therefore to command you, the said Constable of, to take the said C.B., and him safely to convey to the [Prison] as aforesaid, and there

deliver him to the Keeper thereof, together with this Precept: And I do hereby command you, the said Keeper of the said [Prison], to receive the said C.D. into your Custody in the said [Prison], there to imprison him for the Term of,

unless the said Sum, and all Costs and Charges of the said Distress, and of the Commitment and conveying of the said C.D. to the said [Prison], amounting to the further Sum of, shall be sooner paid unto you the said Keeper; and for your so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord, at

in the [County] aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

(j.)

Order on Parent in Scotland, &c. for Contribution.

The Sheriff [or as the Case may be] having considered the Complaint of E.F., the Inspector of Reformatory Schools, made under The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, and having heard Parties thereon [or, in absence of C.D., designing him, duly cited, but not appearing], pursuant to the said Act, decerns C.D. complained on, weekly and every Week from the Day of to pay to the said E.F., or to his Agent

from Time to Time authorized to receive the same, the Sum of Shillings for the Support and Maintenance of A.B., Son [or as the Case may be] of the said C.D., now detained in the Certified Reformatory School of under an Order by of Date until the said A.B. attains the Age of Years or is law-

fully discharged from the said School, and grants Warrant of Arrestment to be executed by any Constable or Messenger at Arms.

Given under my Hand, this Day of

at in the County aforesaid.

[Magistrate*s Signature.]

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act.

Acts described in First Schedule repealed.

Interpretation of Terms.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105.

Description of Industrial

Cap. 118, Industrial Schools. 29 &30 VICT.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

[10th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Industrial Schools Act,

1866.

2. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

3. The Acts described in the First Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed; but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of any such Act, or the Force or Operation of any Certificate, Order, Rule, or Sentence made or passed, or the Validity or Invalidity of anything done or suffered, or any Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability accrued before the passing of this Act; nor shall this Act interfere with the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceeding in respect of any Offence committed against, or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under, any Act hereby repealed.

4. In this Act —

The Term "Justice" applies to England only, and means a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of a Justice arises:

The Term " Two Justices " applies to England only, and means Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions, or the Lord Mayor or an Alderman of the City of London, or a Police or Stipendiary Magistrate or other Justice having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two Justices:

The Term " Magistrate " applies to Scotland only, and includes Sheriff Sheriff Substitute, Justice of the Peace of a County, Judge in a Police Court, and Provost or Baillie of a City or Burgh:

The Term "Prison Authority " with respect to England has the same Meaning as in The Prisons Act, 1865, and with respect to Scotland means the Administrators of a Prison, as defined by The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860:

The Term " Parish " includes a Place separately maintaining its own Poor.

Industrial Schools.

5. A School in which Industrial Training is provided, and in which Children are lodged, clothed, and fed, as well as taught,

shall

1866. Industrial Schools. Cap. 118.

shall exclusively be deemed an Industrial School within the Meaning of this Act.

The Persons for the Time being having the Management or

o o o

Control of such a School shall be deemed the Managers thereof for the Purposes of this Act.

Inspector.

6. Such One of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Prisons as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State (in this Act referred to as the Secretary of State) from Time to Time thinks fit to appoint to be the Inspector of Reformatory Schools shall be also the Inspector.of Industrial Schools.

The Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint a fit Person to assist the Inspector; and every Person so appointed shall have such of the Powers and Duties of the Inspector of Industrial Schools as the Secretary of State from Time to Time prescribes, but shall act under the Direction of the Inspector.

Certified Industrial Schools.

7. The Secretary of State may, on the Application of the Managers of an Industrial School, direct the Inspector of Industrial Schools to examine into the Condition of the School, and its Fitness for the Reception of Children to be sent there under this Act, and to report to him thereon, and the Inspector shall examine and report accordingly.

If satisfied with the Report of the Inspector the Secretary of State may, by Writing under his Hand, certify that the School is fit for the Reception of Children to be sent there under this Act, and thereupon the School shall be deemed a Certified Industrial School.

8. A School shall not be at the same Time a Certified Industrial School under this Act and a Certified Reformatory School under any other Act.

9. A Notice of the Grant of each Certificate shall within One Month be inserted by Order of the Secretary of State in the London or in the Edinburgh Gazette, according as the School to which it refers is in England or in Scotland.

A Copy of the Gazette containing the Notice shall be conclusive Evidence of the Grant, which may also be proved by the Certificate itself, or by an Instrument purporting to be a Copy of the Certificate, and to be attested as such by the Inspector of Industrial Schools.

10. Every Certified Industrial School shall from Time to Time, and at least once in each Year, be inspected by the Inspector of Industrial Schools, or by a Person appointed to assist him as aforesaid.

11. No substantial Addition or Alteration shall be made to or in the Buildings of any Certified Industrial School without the Approval in Writing of the Secretary of State.

12. In England a Prison Authority may from Time to Time contribute such Sums of Money, #nd on such Conditions

as

839

Schools and Managers.

Inspector of Industrial Schools and Assistant.

Mode of certi tying Industrial School.

No School to he Industrial as well as Reformatory.

Notices of Certificate to he gazetted.

Copy of Gazette to he Evidence.

Inspection of School.

Alterations, &e. of Buildings.

Contribution by Counties and Boroughs

to Establishment and Enlargement of Schools.

Mode of obtaining Approval of Secretary of State.

As to Children under 14 Years of Age found begging, &c.

Cap. IIP* Industrial Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

as they think fit, towards the Alteration, Enlargement, or rebuilding of a Certified Industrial School, — or towards the Support of the Inmates of such a School, — or towards the Management of such a School, — or towards the Establishment or building of a School intended to be a Certified Industrial School, — or towards the Purchase of Land required either for the Use of an existing Certified Industrial School, or for the Site of a School intended to be a Certified Industrial School; provided, —

First, that not less than Two Months previous Notice of the Intention of the Prison Authority to take into consideration the making of such Contribution, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, be given by Advertisement in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulated within the District of the County or Borough, and also in the Manner in which Notices relating to Business to be transacted by the Prison Authority are usually given:

Secondly, that where the Prison Authority is the Council of a Borough, the Order for the Contribution be made at a Special Meeting of the Council:

Thirdly, that where the Contribution is for Alteration, Enlargement, rebuilding, Establishment, or building of a School or intended School, or for Purchase of Land, the Approval of the Secretary of State be previously given for that Alteration, Enlargement, rebuilding, Establishment, building, or Purchase.

In Scotland a County Board may contribute to any Certified Industrial School with the Consent and in the Manner provided by The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860, respecting Contributions to Reformatories.

13. In order to obtain the Approval of the Secretary of State as aforesaid where required, the Managers of the School, or Promoters of the intended School, shall forward to the Secretary of State Particulars of the proposed Establishment or Purchase, and a Plan of the proposed Alteration, Enlargement, rebuilding or building, drawn on such Scale, and accompanied by such Particulars and Estimate of Cost, as the Secretary of State thinks fit to require; and the Secretary of State may approve of the Particulars and Plan submitted to him, with or without Modification, or may disapprove of the same, and his Approval or Disapproval shall be certified by Writing under his Hand.

Classes of Children^ to be detained in Certified Industrial Schools

14. Any Person may bring before Two Justices or a Magistrate any Child apparently under the Age of Fourteen Years that comes within any of the following Descriptions, namely, —

That is found begging or receiving Alms (whether actually or under the Pretext of selling or offering for Sale any

Thing),

1866. Industrial Schools. Cap. 118.

Thing), or being in any Street or public Place for the Purpose of so begging or receiving Alms;

That is found wandering and not having any Home or settled Place of Abode, or proper Guardianship, or visible Means of Subsistence;

That is found destitute, either being an Orphan or having a surviving Parent who is undergoing Penal Servitude or Imprisonment;

That frequents the Company of reputed Thieves.

The Justices or Magistrate before whom a Child is brought as coming within One of those Descriptions, if satisfied on Inquiry of that Fact, and that it is expedient to deal with him under this Act, may order him to be sent to a Certified Industrial School.

15. Where a Child apparently under the Age of Twelve Years is charged before Two Justices or a Magistrate with an Offence punishable by Imprisonment or a less Punishment, but has not been in England convicted of Felony, or in Scotland of Theft, and the Child ought, in the Opinion of the Justices or Magistrate, (regard being had to his Age and to the Circumstances of the Case,) to be dealt with under this Act, the Justices or Magistrate may order him to be sent to a Certified Industrial School.

16. Where the Parent or Step-parent or Guardian of a Astorefrac-

Child apparently under the Age of Fourteen Years represents Years

to Two Justices or a Magistrate that he is unable to control of Age in

the Child, and that he desires that the Child be sent to an Charge of Industrial School under this Act, the Justices or Magistrate, Parentj &c-if satisfied on Inquiry that it is expedient to deal with the Child under this Act, may order him to be sent to a Certified Industrial School.

17. Where the Guardians of the Poor of a Union or of a As to refrac-Parish wherein Belief is administered by a Board of Guardians, ^°iX^14 Years or the Board of Management of a District Pauper School, or of Age in the Parochial Board of a Parish or Combination, represent to Workhouses, Two Justices or a Magistrate that any Child apparently under PauPer Schools, the Age of Fourteen Years, maintained in a Workhouse or

Pauper School of a Union or Parish, or in a District Pauper School, or in the Poorshouse of a Parish or Combination, is refractory, or is the Child of Parents either of whom has been convicted of a Crime or Offence punishable with Penal Servitude or Imprisonment, and that it is desirable that he be sent to an Industrial School under this Act, the Justices or Magistrate may, if satisfied that it is expedient to deal with the Child under this Act, order him to be sent to a Certified Industrial School.

Order of Detention:

18. The Order of Justices or a Magistrate sending a Child to Form and Con-a School (in this Act referred to as the Order of Detention intents.of 0r, ?er a School) shall be in Writing signed by the Justices or Magis- to^choo?.^ trate, and shall specify the Name of the School.

841

As to Children under 12 Years of Age charged *with Offences.

842

Temporary Detention in Workhouse, &c.

Power to Parent, &c. to apply to remove Child to a School conducted in accordance with Child's Religious Persuasion.

Cap. 118. Industrial Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

The School shall be some Certified Industrial School (whether situate within the Jurisdiction of the Justices or Magistrate making the Order or not) the Managers of which are willing to receive the Child; and the Reception of the Child by the Managers of the School shall be deemed to be an Undertaking by them to teach, train, clothe, lodge, and feed him during the whole Period for which he is liable to be detained in the School, or until the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate of the School takes effect, or until the Contribution out of Money provided by Parliament towards the Custody and Maintenance of the Children detained in the School is discontinued, whichever shall first happen.

The School named in the Order shall be presumed to be a Certified Industrial School until the contrary is shown.

In determining on the School the Justices or Magistrate shall endeavour to ascertain the Religion&JPersuasion to which the Child belongs, and shall, if possible, select a School conducted in accordance with such Religious Persuasion, and the Order shall specify such Religious Persuasion.

The Order shall specify the Time for which the Child is to be detained in the School, being such Time as to the Justices or Magistrate seems proper for the teaching and training of the Child, but not in any Case extending beyond the Time when the Child will attain the Age of Sixteen Years.

19. Two Justices or a Magistrate, while Inquiry is being made respecting a Child or respecting a School to which he may be sent, may, by Order signed by them or him, order the Child to be taken to the Workhouse or Poorshouse of the Union, Parish, or Combination in which he is found or resident, — or where (in Scotland) there is no such Poorshouse, or the Poorshouse is at an inconvenient Distance, to such other Place, not being a Prison, as the Magistrate thinks fit, the Occupier whereof is willing to receive him, — and to be detained therein at the Cost of the Union, Parish, or Combination for any Time not exceeding Seven Days, or until an Order is sooner made for his Discharge or for his being sent to a Certified Industrial School; and the Guardians of the Poor for the Union or Parish, or the Keeper of the Poorshouse, or other Person to whom the Order is addressed, are and is hereby empowered and required to detain him accordingly.

20. If the Parent, Step-parent, or Guardian, or if there be no Parent, Step-parent, or Guardian, then the God-parent or nearest adult Relative, of a Child sent or about to be sent to a Certified Industrial School, which is not conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to which the Child belongs, states to the Justices or Magistrate by whom the Order of Detention has been or is about to be made (or to Two Justices or a Magistrate having the like Jurisdiction) that he objects to the Child being sent to or detained in the School specified or about to be specified in the Order, and names another Certified Industrial School in Great Britain which is

conducted

1866, Industrial Schools. Cap. 118. 843

conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to which the Child belongs, and signifies his Desire that the Child be sent thereto, then and in every such Case the Justices or Magistrate shall, upon Proof of such Child's Religious Persuasion, comply with the Request of the Applicant, provided, —

First, that the Application be made before the Child has been sent to a Certified Industrial School, or within Thirty Days after his Arrival at such a School:

Secondly, that the Applicant show to the Satisfaction of the Justices or Magistrate that the Managers of the School named by him are willing to receive the Child:

Provided always, with respect to Scotland, that if any Child who has become chargeable to any Parish, and who is under this Section sent from Scotland to a School out of Scotland, might have been removed from Scotland (under any Act for the Time being in force relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland) at the Instance of the Inspector of the Poor of the Parish to which he has become chargeable, had he not been sent out of Scotland under this Section, then and in every such Case the Chargeability on such Parish for such Child shall cease on his being so sent out of Scotland.

21. In Scotland where a Magistrate is about to make or has Where Order made an Order for sending a Child to a Certified Industrial

School, and the Child is chargeable at the Time to any Parish, sch00l of or has been so chargeable within Three Months then last past, Parochial and there is in that Parish a Certified Industrial School main- Board-tained by the Parochial Board thereof, and conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to which the Child belongs, and the Inspector of the Poor of such Parish certifies to the Magistrate (or to a Magistrate having the like Jurisdiction) that he requires the Child to be sent to the Certified Industrial School in such Parish maintained by the Parochial Board thereof, and conducted in accordance with the Religious Persuasion to which the Child belongs, then and in every such Case the Magistrate shall direct the Child to be sent to the last-mentioned School accordingly, the Inspector of the Poor defraying the Expense of conveying the Child thither; provided that where the Order of Detention has been made, the Application of the Inspector to the Magistrate be made within Fourteen Days of the Day of the making of the Order.

22. The Order of Detention in a School shall be forwarded ^der to be to the Managers of the School with the Child, and shall be a Conveyance sufficient Warrant for the Conveyance of the Child thither, and Detention, and his Detention there.

23. The Expense of conveying to a Certified Industrial Expenses of School a Child ordered to be sent there shall be defrayed by the SchooL^06 ° Police Authorities by whom he is conveyed, and shall be deemed

Part of the current Expenses of those Police Authorities.

24. An Instrument purporting to be an Order of Detention Evidence'of

in a School and to be signed by Two Justices or a Magistrate, De-

or purporting to be a Copy of such an Order and to be certified

4 B 2 as

Religious Instruction in School.

Lodging Child out of School.

Licence for living out of School.

Power to

apprentice

Child.

as such a Copy by the Clerk to the Justices or Magistrate by whom the Order was made, shall be Evidence of the Order.

Management of School.

25. A Minister of the Religious Persuasion specified in the Order of Detention as that to which the Child appears to the Justices or Magistrate to belong may visit the Child at the School on such Days and at such Times as are from Time to Time fixed by Regulations made by the Secretary of State, for the Purpose of instructing him in Religion.

26. The Managers of a School may permit a Child sent there under this Act to lodge at the Dwelling of his Parent or of any trustworthy and respectable Person, so that the Managers teach, train, clothe, and feed the Child in the School as if he were lodging in the School itself, and so that they report to the Secretary of State, in such Manner as he thinks fit to require, every Instance in which they exercise a Discretion under this Section.

27. The Managers of a School may, at any Time after the Expiration of Eighteen Months of the Period of Detention allotted to a Child, by Licence under their Hands, permit him to live with any trustworthy and respectable Person named in the Licence, and willing to receive and take charge of him.

Any Licence so granted shall not be in force for more than Three Months, but may at any Time before the Expiration of those Three Months be renewed for a further Period not exceeding Three Months, to commence from the Expiration of the previous Period of Three Months, and so from Time to Time until the Period of the Child's Detention is expired.

Any such Licence may also be revoked at any Time by the Managers of the School by Wiiting under their Hands; and thereupon the Child to whom the Licence related may be required by them, by Writing under their Hands, to return to the School.

The Time during which a Child is absent from a School in pursuance of a Licence shall, except where such Licence has been forfeited by his Misconduct, be deemed to be Part of the Time of his Detention in the School, and at the Expiration of the Time allowed by the Licence he shall be taken back to the School.

A Child escaping from the Person with whom he is placed under a Licence, or refusing to return to the School on the Revocation of his Licence, or at the Expiration of the Time allowed thereby, shall be deemed to have escaped from the School.

28. The Managers of a School may, at any Time after a Child has been placed out on Licence as aforesaid, if he conducted himself well during his Absence from the School, bind him, with his own Consent, Apprentice to any Trade, Calling, or Service, notwithstanding that his Period of Detention

1866. Industrial Schools. Cap. 118.

tion has not expired, and every such Binding shall be valid and effectual to all Intents.

29. The Managers of a Certified Industrial School may from Time to Time make Rules for the Management and Discipline of the School, not being inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act; but those Rules shall not be enforced until they have been approved in Writing by the Secretary of State; and Rules so approved shall not be altered without the like Approval.

A printed Copy of Rules purporting to be the Rules of a School so approved and to be signed by the Inspector of Industrial Schools shall be Evidence of the Rules of the School.

30. A Certificate purporting to be signed by One of the Managers of a Certified Industrial School or their Secretary, or by the Superintendent or other Person in charge of the School, to the Effect that the Child therein named was duly received into and is at the signing thereof detained in the School, or has been duly discharged or removed therefrom or otherwise disposed of according to Law, shall be Evidence of the Matters therein stated.

31. The Time during which a Child is detained in a School under this Act shall for all Purposes be excluded in the Computation of Time mentioned in Section One of the Act of the Session of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Sixty-six)," to amend the Laws relating to " the Removal of the Poor," as amended by any other Act.

Offences at School, , fyc. c.

32. If a Child sent to a Certified Industrial School, and while liable to be detained there, being apparently above Ten Years of Age, and whether lodging in the School itself or not, wilfully neglects or wilfully refuses to conform to the Rules of the School, he shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices or a Magistrate shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not less than Fourteen Days and not exceeding Three Months, and the Justices or Magistrate before whom he is convicted may direct him to be sent at the Expiration of the Term of his Imprisonment to a Certified Reformatory School, and to be there detained subject and according to the Provisions of The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866.

33. If a Child sent to a Certified Industrial School, and while liable to be detained there, and whether lodging in the School itself or not, escapes from the School, or neglects to attend thereat, he shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and may at any Time before the Expiration of his Period of Detention be apprehended without Warrant, and may (any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding) be then brought before a Justice or Magistrate having Jurisdiction in the Place or District where he is found, or in the Place or District where

845

Eules of School to be approved by Secretary of State.

Evidence as to Eeception in School, &c.

Liability to Removal not affected by Stay at School.

Refusal to conform to Eules.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 117.

Penalty on Child escaping from School.

Industrial Schools.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 117.

Penalty on Persons inducing Offenders to escape from Certified Industrial Schools.

Power to Treasury to contribute towards Custody, &c. of Children detained.

Prison Authority may contract for Reception of Children.

Cap. 218.

29 & 30 Vict.

the School from which he escaped is situate; and he shall thereupon be liable, on summary Conviction before such a Justice or Magistrate, to be, by and at the Expense of the Managers of the School, brought back to the same School, there to be detained during a Period equal to so much of his Period of Detention as remained unexpired at the Time of his committing the Offence.

If the Child charged with such an Offence is apparently above Ten Years of Age, then on his summary Conviction of the Offence before Two such Justices or such a Magistrate, he shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Justices or Magistrate, instead of being sent back to the same School, to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour for any Term not less than Fourteen Days and not exceeding Three Months, and the Justices or Magistrate before whom he is convicted may direct him to be sent at the Expiration of the Term of his Imprisonment to a Certified Reformatory School, and to be there detained subject and according to the Provisions of The Reformatory Schools Act, 1866.

34. If any Person does any of the following Things, (that is to say,) —

First, knowingly assists, directly or indirectly, a Child liable to be detained in a Certified Industrial School to escape from the School;

Second, directly or indirectly induces such a Child so to escape

Third, knowingly harbours or conceals a Child who has so escaped, or prevents him from returning to School, or knowingly assists in so doing, —

Every such Person shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and shall, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices or a Magistrate, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or, at the Discretion of the Justices, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Months, with or without Hard Labour.

Expenses of Children in Schools.

35. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time contribute, out of Money provided by Parliament for the Purpose, such Sums as the Secretary of State from Time to Time thinks fit to recommend, towards the Custody and Maintenance of Children detained in Certified Industrial Schools; provided that such Contributions shall not exceed Two Shillings per Head per Week for Children detained on the Application of their Parents, Step-parents, or Guardians.

36. In England a Prison Authority may contract with the Managers of a Certified Industrial School for the Reception and Maintenance therein of such Children as are from Time to Time ordered by Justices to be sent there from the District of the Prison Authority.

37. The

84 *

Cap. 118.

37. The Guardians of the Poor of a Union or Parish, or the Board of Management of a District Pauper School, or the Parochial Board of a Parish or Combination, may from Time to Time, with the Consent in England of the Poor Law Board, and in Scotland of the Board of Supervision, contribute such Sums as they think fit towards the Maintenance of Children detained in a Certified Industrial School on their Application.

38. In Scotland where a Child sent to a Certified Industrial School under this Act is at the Time of his being so sent, or within Three Months then last past has been, chargeable to any Parish, the Parochial Board and Inspector of the Poor of the Parish of the Settlement of such Child, if the Settlement of the Child is in any Parish in Scotland, shall, as long as he continues so chargeable, be liable to repay to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury all Expenses incurred in maintaining him at School under this Act to an Amount not exceeding Five Shillings per Week, and in default of Payment those Expenses may be recovered by the Inspector of Industrial Schools, or any Agent of the Inspector, in a summary Manner before a Magistrate having Jurisdiction in the Place where the Parish is situate.

Provided always, that nothing in this /Vet shall prevent any Parochial Board on whose Funds the Cost of Support of any such Child has become a Charge from adopting such Steps for the Recovery of any Sums which may have been paid by such Parochial Board for any such Child against the Parish of his Settlement, or for his Removal, as may be competent to them under any Act for the Time being in force relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland.

39. The Parent, Step-parent, or other Person for the Time being legally liable to maintain a Child detained in a Certified Industrial School shall, if of sufficient Ability, contribute to his Maintenance and Training therein a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Week.

40. On the Complaint of the Inspector of Industrial Schools, or of any Agent of the Inspector, or of any Constable under the Directions of the Inspector (with which Directions every Constable is hereby required to comply), at any Time during the Detention of a Child in a Certified Industrial School, Two Justices or a Magistrate having Jurisdiction at the Place where the Parent, Step-parent, or other Person liable as aforesaid resides may, on Summons to the Parent, Step-parent, or other Person liable as aforesaid, examine into his Ability to maintain the Child, and may, if they or he think fit, make an Order or Decree on him for the Payment to the Inspector or his Agent of such weekly Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings per Week, as to them or him seems reasonable, during the whole or any Part of the Time for which the Child is liable to be detained in the School.

Every

Power to Guardians of Poor, &c. to contribute.

Recovery of Cost of Maintenance in Schools in Scotland, when Parishes, &c. are liable.

Contribution by Parent, &c.

Order for Enforcement of Contribution by Parent, &c,

Industrial Schools.

Detention to cease on Child attaining Sixteen.

Transfer to another School by Secretary of State.

Cap. 118.

29 & 30 VICT.

Every such Order or Decree may specify the Time during which the Payment is to be made, or may direct the Payment to be made until further Order.

In Scotland any such Order or Decree shall be held to be and to have the Effect of an Order or Decree in each and every Week for Payment of the Sum ordered or decreed to be paid for such Week; and under the Warrant for Arrestment therein contained (which the Magistrate is hereby authorized to grant if he sees fit), it shall be lawful to arrest weekly for Payment of such weekly Sum as aforesaid the Wages of the Defender due and current, and such Arrestment shall attach not only to the Wages due and payable to the Defender at the Date thereof, but also to the Wages current for the Week or other Term or Period in which such Arrestment is executed, any Law or Statute notwithstanding.

Every such Payment or a proper proportionate Part thereof shall go in relief of the Charges on Her Majesty's Treasury, and the same shall be accounted for as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury direct, and where the Amount of the Payment ordered in respect of any Child exceeds the Amount contributed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in respect of that Child, the Balance shall be accounted for and paid to the Managers of the School.

The Secretary of State may, in his Discretion, remit wholly or partially any Payment so ordered.

Two Justices or a Magistrate having Jurisdiction to make such an Order or Decree may from Time to Time vary any such Order or Decree as Circumstances require, on the Application either of the Person on whom such Order or Decree is made, or of the Inspector of Industrial Schools, or his Agent, on Fourteen Days Notice being first given of such Application to the Inspector or Agent, or to such Person respectively.

Discharge, , fyc. c. of Children from School.

41. A Person who has attained the Age of Sixteen Years shall not be detained in a Certified Industrial School, except with his own Consent in Writing.

42. The Secretary of State may at any Time order a Child to be transferred from one Certified Industrial School to another, but so that the whole Period of his Detention be not thereby increased.

The Secretary of State may also at any Time order a Child being under Sentence of Detention in an Industrial School established under any other Act of Parliament, the General Pules for the Government whereof have been approved by the Secretary of State, to be transferred to a Certified Industrial School under this Act; and in that Case the Child shall after the Transfer be deemed to be subject in all respects to the Provisions of this Act, but so that the whole Period of his Detention be not by such Transfer increased.

The

1866.

849

Industrial Schools. Cap. 118.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may pay, out of Money provided by Parliament for the Purpose, such Sum as the Secretary of State thinks fit to recommend, in discharge of the Expenses of the Removal of any Child transferred under the Provisions of this Act.

43. The Secretary of State may at any Time order any Child to be discharged from a Certified Industrial School or from any Industrial School established under any other Act of Parliament, the General Pules for the Government whereof have been approved by the Secretary of State, either absolutely or on such Condition as the Secretary of State approves, and the Child shall be discharged accordingly.

Withdrawal, &c. of Certificate of School.

44. The Secretary of State, if dis-satisfied with the Condition of a Certified Industrial School, may at any Time, by Notice under his Hand addressed to and served on the Managers thereof, declare that the Certificate of the School is withdrawn as from a Time specified in the Notice, not being less than Six Months after the Date thereof; and at that Time the Certificate shall be deemed to be withdrawn accordingly, and the School shall thereupon cease to be a Certified Industrial School.

45. The Managers or the Executors or Administrators of a deceased Manager (if only One) of a Certified Industrial School may give Notice in Writing to the Secretary of State of their Intention to resign the Certificate of that School, and at the Expiration in the Case of Managers of Six Months, and in the Case of Executors or Administrators of One Month, from the Receipt of that Notice by the Secretary of State (unless before that Time the Notice is withdrawn) the Certificate shall be deemed to be resigned accordingly, and the School shall thereupon cease to be a Certified Industrial School.

46. A Notice of the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate of a Certified Industrial School shall within One Month be inserted by Order of the Secretary of State in the London or in the Edinburgh Gazette, according as the School is in England or Scotland.

A Copy of the Gazette containing such Notice shall be conclusive Evidence of such Withdrawal or Resignation.

A Certificate shall be presumed to be in force until the Withdrawal or Resignation thereof is proved.

47. Where Notice is given of the Withdrawal or Resignation of the Certificate of a Certified Industrial School no Child shall be received into the School for Detention under this Act after the Receipt by the Managers of the School of the Notice of Withdrawal, or after the Date of the Notice of Resignation, as the Case may be; but the Obligation of the Managers to teach, train, clothe, lodge, and feed any Children detained in the School at the Time of such Receipt or at the Date of such Notice shall, except as far as the Secretary of State otherwise directs, be deemed to continue until the Withdrawal

or

Discharge by Secretary of State.

Power for Secretary of State to withdraw Certificate.

Resignation of Certificate by Managers.

Gazetting and Evidence of Withdrawal, &c.

Cesser of Reception of Children on Notice, &c.

Industrial Schools.

Discharge of Children detained, &c.

In Scotland, Power for Industrial Schools under Local Acts, &c. to receive Children.

Expenses of Prison Authorities and County Boards how defrayed.

Acts regulating Procedure.

Use of Forms in Schedule.

Cap. 118.

29 & 30 VICT.

or Resignation of the Certificate takes effect, or until the Contribution out of Money provided by Parliament towards the Custody and Maintenance of the Children detained in the School is discontinued, whichever shall first happen.

48. Where a School ceases to be a Certified Industrial School the Children detained therein shall be either discharged or transferred to some other Certified Industrial School by Order of the Secretary of State.

Houses of Refuge, , fyc. c. in Scotland,

49. Where in any City, Town, or Place in Scotland there has been erected, under Local Act of Parliament or otherwise, any House of Refuge for destitute Children or any Industrial School, or other similar Institution, the Commissioners, Directors, or Managers thereof may receive and maintain therein, if willing to do so, all such Children as are sent thereto under this Act, and may pay such Portion of the Fund under their Control as they think proper for the training, Maintenance, and Disposal of such Children; provided that such House of Refuge, School, or Institution is certified as an Industrial School under this Act, and the Rules thereof and all Alterations thereof from Time to Time are approved by the Secretary of State.

Expenses of Prison Authorities, &c.

50. Expenses incurred by a Prison Authority in England in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be deemed Expenses incurred by that Authority in carrying into effect the Provisions of The Prison Act, 1865, and shall be defrayed accordingly.

Expenses incurred by a County Board in Scotland in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be a Charge on the Assessment for current Expenses incurred by that Board in carrying into effect the Provisions of The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860.

Miscellaneous.

51. The following Acts —

In England, the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Forty-three), "to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of " Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England " and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and " Orders," and any Acts amending the same;

In Scotland, The Summary Procedure Act, 1864, —

Shall apply to all Offences, Payments, and Orders in respect of which Jurisdiction is given to Justices or a Magistrate by this Act, or which are by this Act directed to be prosecuted* enforced, or made in a summary Manner or on summary Conviction.

52. No Summons, Notice, or Order made for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be

invalidated

1866. Industrial Schools, Cap. 118. 851

invalidated for Want of Form only; and the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed* or Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the Cases to which they refer, with such Variations as Circumstances require, and when used shall be deemed sufficient.

53. Any Notice may be served on the Managers of a Cer- Service of titled Industrial School by being delivered to any One of them Notices on personally, or by being sent by Post or otherwise in a Letter agem addressed to them or any of them at the School, or at the

usual or last known Place of Abode of any of the Managers, or of their Secretary.

54. This Act shall apply to all Certified Industrial Schools Application of being such at the passing of this Act, and to all Children sent ^rtti^e^xisting thereto before the passing of this Act, but no Child shall be Schools, detained at any Industrial School, in pursuance of any Order

made before the passing of this Act, for a longer Period than he would have been liable to be detained if this Act had not been passed.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 113.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 132.

25 & 26 Vict. e, 10.

The Industrial Schools Act, 1861.

The Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1861.

An Act for continuing for a further limited Time, and for extending the Operation of Orders made under the Industrial Schools Act, 1861, and The Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1861.

to wit.

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Forms.

(A.)

Order sending Child to Industrial School.

1 Be it remembered, That on the Day of

j in pursuance of The Industrial Schools

Act, 1866, we. Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County] of, do order that A.B. of

(whose Religious Persuasion appears to us to be), being a Child subject to the Provisions of Section of the said Act, be sent

to the Certified Industrial School at,

and that he be detained there during

(Signed) L.M.

N.O.

(C.)

852

Cap. 118.

Industrial Schools.

(C.)

29 & 30 VICT.

Complaint for enforcing in England Contribution from Parent, , fyc. c.

\ The Complaint of the Inspector of Industrial to wit. j Schools [or as the Case may be\ made to us, the undersigned. Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of, this Day of

at in the same County, who says. That one A.B.

of (*) the Age of Years, or thereabouts, is now

detained in the Industrial School at

in the county of , under The Industrial Schools

Act, 1866, and has been duly ordered and directed to be detained therein until the Day of: That

one C.B., dwelling in the Parish of in the County of is the Parent [or Step-parent, , fyc. c.'] of the said

A.B., and is of sufficient Ability to contribute to the Support and Maintenance of the said A.B., his Son: (*) The said Complainant therefore prays that the said C.B. may be summoned to show Cause why an Order should not be made on him so to contribute.

Exhibited before us, C.D.

j.s:

L.M.

(D.)

Summons to Parent, , fyc. c.

(This will be in Form (A.) in Schedule to 11 fy 12 Vict. c. 43.)

(E.)

Order on Parent, , fyc. c. to contribute a Weekly Sum.

\ Be it remembered. That on this Day of

to wit. j at in the said [County]

of a certain Complaint of the Inspector of Industrial

Schools [or as the Case may be], for that one A.B. of, , fyc. c.

[stating the Cause of Complainant, as in the Form (C.) between the Asterisks (*) (*)], was duly heard by and before us, the undersigned, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of (in the Presence and Hearing

of the said C.B., if so> or the said C.B. not appearing to the Summons duly issued and served in this Behalf); and we, having duly examined into the Ability of the said C.B. and on consideration of all the Circumstances of the Case, do order the said C.B, to pay to the said Inspector [or to an Agent of the said Inspector] the Sum of Shillings per Week

from the Date of this Order until the Day of the same to be paid at the Expiration of each [Fourteen, or as the Case may be, Days],

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above mentioned, at in the [Countii\ aforesaid.

J.S. (L.S.)

L.M. (l.s.)

(F.)

Industrial Schools.

Cap. 118.

853

(F.)

Distress Warrant for Amount in arrear.

\ To the Constable of, and to all other

to wit. j Peace Officers in the said [County] of

Whereas on the Hearing of a Complaint made by the Inspector of Industrial Schools, [or as the Case may be,] that A.B. of, &c.

[stating the Cause of Complaint as in the Form (C.) between the Astei'isks (*) (*)], an Order was made on the Day of by us, the undersigned [or by L.M. and

J.H.], Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of against the said C.B., to pay to the said Inspector [or as the Case may be] the Sum of per Week from the Date of the said Order until the Day of the same to be paid at

the* Expiration of each [Twenty-eight] Days [or as the Case may be] (*): And whereas there is due upon the said Order the Sum of being for [Three] Periods of

[Fourteen] Days each, and Default has been made therein for the Space of Fourteen Days:

These are therefore to command you, in Her Majesty's Name, forthwith to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said C.B., and if within the Space of [Five] Days next after the making of such Distress the said last-mentioned Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, is not paid, that then you do sell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and do pay the Money arising from such Sale to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace for the of that he may pay

and apply the same as by Law directed, and may render the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the said C.B .; and if no such Distress can be found, then that you certify the same to us, to the end that such Proceedings may be had therein as the Law requires.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day

of at in the [County] aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

L.M. (l.s.)

(G.)

Commitment in default of Distress.

}To the Constable of and to the

Keeper of the [Prison] at in the said [County] of

Whereas [§*c., as in the Form (F.) to the single Asterisk (*), and then thus]: And whereas afterwards, on the Day of last, I, the undersigned, together with

L.M., Esquire, [o?' J.S. and L.M, Esquires,] Two of Her [Ah. 72. Price 2d.] 4 Majesty's

Cap. 118. Industrial Schools. 29 & 30 VICT.

Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of, issued a Warrant to the Constable of aforesaid, commanding him to levy the Sum of due upon the said recited Order, being for [Three] Periods of [Fourteen] Days, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said C.B .: And whereas a Return has this Day been made to me the said Justice [or the undersigned. One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of ], that no sufficient Goods of the said

C.B. can be found:

These are therefore to command you, the said Constable of, to take the said C.B., and him safely to convey to the [Prison] as aforesaid, and there

deliver him to the Keeper thereof, together with this Precept: And I do hereby command you, the said Keeper of the said [Prison], to receive the said C.D. into your Custody in the said [Prison], there to imprison him for the Term of unless the said Sum, and all Costs and Charges of the said Distress, and of the Commitment and conveying of the said C.D. to the said [Prison], amounting to the further Sum of, shall be sooner paid unto you the said Keeper; and for your so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord,

at in the [County] aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

(H.)

Order in Scotland on Parent for Payment towards Maintenance

of Child.

The Sheriff [or as the Case may be] having considered the Complaint of E.F., the Inspector of Industrial Schools, made under The Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and having heard Parties thereon [or, in absence of C.D., designing him, duly cited, but not appearing], pursuant to the said Act, decerns C.D. complained on, weekly and every Week from the Day of to pay to the said

E.F., or to his Agent from Time to Time authorized to receive the same, the Sum of Shillings for the Main-

tenance and Training of A.B., Son [or as the Case may be] of the said C.D., now detained in the Certified Industrial School of under an Order by of

Date until the said Child attains the Age of

Sixteen Years or is lawfully discharged from the said School, and grants Warrant of Arrestment to be executed by any Constable or Messenger at Arms.

Given under my Hand this Day of

at in the County aforesaid.

[Magistrate's Signature.]

855

1866. Habeas Corpus Suspension (Z) Act Continuance. Cap. 119, 120.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Peign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An Act to empower the Lord Lieutencmt or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detam for a limited Time such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Act of the present Session of Parlia- " ment. Chapter One, intituled An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ' Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited Time such Persons ' as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's 1 Person and Government, expires on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and it is c expedient to continue the same for a further limited Period Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Act shall continue in force until the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament immediately succeeding the present Session; and the said Act shall be construed as if the Words " until the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the Commencement of the " Session immediately succeeding the present Session99 were throughout the said Act substituted for the Words " until the tc First of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

six.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to make Provision the Patriotic Fund.

for the Administration of [10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS the Fund called the Patriotic Fund is ad-c ministered under a Commission issued by Her Majesty

the Queen, dated the Seventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, and Doubts have arisen respecting the Power of Her Majesty to give Directions con-6 cerning the Application of the Fund further or other than

those contained in the said Commission, and respecting other c Matters connected with the Constitution and Powers of the

Body of Commissioners and the Conduct of the Business relating to the Fund; and it is expedient that all Ground for such Doubts be removed

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

4 C 2 3. It

29 & 30 Vict. c. 1.

Continuation of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 1.

856

Power to Her Majesty to direct Application of Patriotic Fund for Purposes herein described.

[Short Title.]

Warrants of Arrest and Copies of Depositions to be received in Evidence if authenticated in manner spe-

Cap. 120, 121« Patriotic Fund. 29 & 30 VICT.

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Commission under the Royal Sign Manual, directed to such Persons as to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, seem fit, to authorize and direct the Commissioners thereby constituted to apply the Patriotic Fund and the Income and Accumulations thereof (in such Manner as any such Commission from Time to Time directs or as the Commissioners think fit) to the Purposes and in the Order following:

First, in the Relief of the Widows, and the Education, Training, and Advancement of Children, of Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines of Her Majesty's Army and Navy who lost their Lives in Battle, or from Wounds or by other Casualties, in the late War with Russia;

Secondly, in the Education, Training, and Advancement of Children of Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines of Her Majesty's Army and Navy who have lost or hereafter lose their Lives in Battle, or from Wounds or by other Casualties, in any other War;

And for any of those Purposes to extend or contribute to any Royal or other Charitable Institution for the Time being established for similar Purposes in the United Kingdom; and to employ a Secretary and Clerks at such Salaries, and with such retiring or other Allowances (if any), as therein provided, the same, with other proper Expenses, to be paid out of the Patriotic Fund.

2. This Act may be cited as The Patriotic Fund Act, 1866.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Treaties of Extradition.

[10th August 1866.]

WHEREAS Difficulties have been experienced in carrying £ 1 into execution Treaties for the Extradition of Persons

f accused of Crimes between Her Majesty and the Sovereigns or Governments of certain Foreign States: And whereas the Statutes now in force for this Purpose have been found e insufficient: And whereas it is expedient to amend the same, and to give greater Facilities than at present exist under the aforesaid Statutes for the Admission in Evidence of judicial e or official Documents or Copies of Documents:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That Warrants of Arrest and Copies of Depositions signed or taken by or before a Judge or competent Magistrate in any Foreign State with which Her Majesty may have entered into, or may hereafter enter into, any Treaty for the Extradition of fugitive Offenders or Persons accused of Crimes, shall henceforth be received in Evidence if authenticated in the

Manner

857

1866. Extradition Treaties Act Amendment. Cap. 121. 122.

Manner following* that is to say* if the Warrant of Arrest purports to be signed by a Judge or other competent Magistrate of the Country in which the same shall have been issued* and if the Copies of Depositions purport to be certified under the Hand of such Judge or Magistrate to be true Copies of the original Depositions* and if the Signature of the Judge or Magistrate in each Case shall be authenticated in the Manner usual in the respective States or Countries by the proper Officer of the Department of the Minister of Justice, and sealed with the official Seal of such Minister; and all Courts of Justice and Magistrates in Her Majesty's Dominions shall take judicial Notice of such official Seal* and shall admit the Documents so authenticated by it to be received in Evidence without further Proof.

2. This Act shall be construed with an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty* Chapter One hundred and thirteen* intituled An Act to facilitate the Admission in Evidence of official and other Documents; and also with an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty* Chapter Ninety-nine* intituled An Act to amend the Law of Evidence.

3. The Duration of this Act shall be limited to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to make Provision for the Improvement* Protection* and Management of Commons near the Metropolis.

[10th August 1866.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Metropolitan Commons Act* 1866.

2. For the Purposes of this Act the Local Authority in relation to each Metropolitan Common shall be the Authority described as such in connexion therewith in the First Schedule to this Act; and for the Purposes of this Act the Local Rate in relation to each Metropolitan Common shall be the Rate described in connexion therewith in the same Schedule.

3. In this Act —

The Term " Common" means Land subject at the passing of this Act to any Right of Common; the Term " Commoner" means a Person having any such Right of Common; the Term " Manor " includes reputed Manor; and those Terms as used in this Act respectively refer to any particular Common to which this Act applies* and to every Person having a Right of Common in* over* or affecting that Common* and to the Manor of the Wastes whereof that Common is Part:

4 C 3 The

cified by this Act.

This Act to be construed with 8 & 9 Vict. c. 113. and 14 & 15 Vict. c. 99.

Duration of Act.

[Short Title.]

Definition of Local Authority and Local Bate.

Interpretation of Terms.

To what Commons Act applies.

Exclusion of Authority of Commissioners to inclose, &c.

Memorial for Scheme as to Common.

Inquiry into Memorial.

Preparation of Draft Scheme.

Printing and Publication of Draft Scheme.

Objections and Suggestions respecting Scheme.

Cap. 122. Metropolitan Commons. 29 & 30 VICT.

The Term "the Commissioners" means the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and the Term " Assistant Commissioner" means the Assistant Commissioner appointed by the Inclosure Commissioners.

4. This Act shall apply to any Common the whole or any Part whereof is situate within the Metropolitan Police District as defined at the passing of this Act (referred to in this Act as a Metropolitan Common).

5. After the passing of this Act the Commissioners shall not entertain an Application for the Inclosure of a Metropolitan Common* or any Part thereof; but nothing in this Act shall interfere with the carrying on and Completion of Proceedings under any Provisional Order of the Commissioners confirmed by Act of Parliament passed before or in the present Session; and notwithstanding any Proceedings taken under any Act other than this Act* or any Provisional Order of the Commissioners made but not already confirmed by Act of Parliament* Proceedings may be taken under this Act in relation to any Metropolitan Common.

6. A Scheme for the Establishment of Local Management with a view to the Expenditure of Money on the Drainage* Levelling* and Improvement of a Metropolitan Common* and to the making of Byelaws and Regulations for the Prevention of Nuisances and the Preservation of Order thereon* may be made under this Act* on a Memorial in that Behalf presented to the Commissioners by the Lord of thg Manor or by any Commoners* or by the Local Authority, or in case of a C om-mon extending into the Districts of Two or more of the Bodies described in the First Schedule to this Act* then by any One or more of such Bodies.

7. On the Presentation of any Memorial under this Act the Commissioners (if on consideration of the Memorial they think fit) may make such Examination and Inquiry as they think necessary or proper in relation to the Subject Matter of the Memorial.

8. On such Examination and Inquiry the Commissioners may* if they think fit* prepare the Draft of a Scheme respecting the Common or any Part thereof.

9. Where the Commissioners prepare the Draft of a Scheme* they shall cause it to be printed* and printed Copies of it to be delivered to the Memorialists and to the Lord of the Manor and to the Local Authority, and shall also cause it* or a proper Abstract of it* to be published and circulated in such Manner as they think sufficient for giving Information to all Parties interested.

10. During Two Months after the first Publication of the Draft of a Scheme the Commissioners shall receive any Objections or Suggestions made to them in Writing respecting the Scheme.

11. At

1866. Metropolitan Commons. Cap. 122.

11. At any Time after the Expiration of those Two Months the Commissioners, if they think fit, may refer the Draft of the Scheme to an Assistant Commissioner.

On any such Reference the Assistant Commissioner shall proceed to make an Inquiry concerning the Subject Matter of the Scheme, and for that Purpose to hold a Sitting or Sittings in some convenient Place in the Neighbourhood of the Common, and thereat to take and receive any Evidence and Information offered, and hear and inquire into any Objections or Suggestions made, or to be made during the Sitting or Sittings, respecting the Scheme or the Common, with Power from Time to Time to adjourn any Sitting.

Notice shall be published, in such Manner as the Commissioners direct, of every such Sitting (except an adjourned Sitting), Fourteen Days at least before the holding thereof.

12. The Assistant Commissioner to whom the Draft of a Scheme is referred shall make a Report in Writing to the Commissioners, setting forth the Result of the Inquiry, and whether in his Opinion the Draft of the Scheme should be approved with or without Alteration, and if with any, then with what Alteration, and his Reasons for the same, and the Objections and Suggestions, if any, made on the Inquiry, and his Opinion thereon.

13. As soon as may be after the Expiration of the said Two Months, or the Receipt by the Commissioners of the Report of the Assistant Commissioner (as the Case may be), the Commissioners shall proceed to consider any Objections or Suggestions made to them in Writing respecting the Scheme, and the Report (if any), and thereupon they shall, if they think fit, finally settle and approve of the Scheme in such Form as they think expedient.

14. Every Scheme shall state what Rights (if any) claimed by any Person or Class of Persons are affected by the Scheme, and in what Manner and to what Extent they are affected thereby, and whether or not the Scheme has been in relation thereto consented to by that Person or Class of Persons, or any of them.

15. No Estate, Interest, or Right of a profitable or beneficial Nature in, over, or affecting a Common shall, except with the Consent of the Person entitled thereto, be taken away or injuriously affected by any Scheme, without Compensation being made or provided for the same, and such Compensation shall, in case of Difference, be ascertained and provided in the same Manner as if the same Compensation were for the compulsory Purchase and taking or the injurious affecting of Lands under the Provisions of The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860.

16. If any Person claiming any Estate, Interest, or Right in, over, or affecting the Common to which any Scheme relates

is

859

Inquiry into Scheme by public Sittings.

Report of Assistant Commissioner *

Pinal Settlement and Approval of Scheme.

Scheme to state Rights affected.

Provision for Compensation.

Appeal against Determination of Commissioners.

860

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. s. 56.

Printing and Sale of Scheme.

Scheme to be certified.

Printing and Publication of ^Scheme.

Annual Report to be laid before Houses of Parliament.

Contents of Report.

Confirmation of Scheme by Act of Parliament.

Reference of Scheme to Select Committee if opposed.

Expenses of Scheme to be defrayed by

Cap. 122. Metropolitan Commons. 29 & 30 VICT.

is dis-satisfied with any Determination made or implied by the Commissioners or by the Scheme concerning any Estate* Interest* or Eight in* over* or affecting the Common* every such Person may obtain a Decision thereon, in an Action at Law, in the Manner provided by Section Fifty-six of the General Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons* passed in the Session of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Eeign of Her present Majesty* Chapter One hundred and eighteen.

17. Every Scheme shall contain a Provision for the Sale at all Times of printed Copies thereof to all Persons desiring to buy the same* at a Price not exceeding a reasonable Sum to be fixed by the Scheme.

18. Every Scheme* when approved by the Commissioners* shall be certified by them* and sealed with their Common Seal.

19. Where the Commissioners certify a Scheme they shall cause printed Copies of it to be delivered to the Memorialists and to the Lord of the Manor and to the Local Authority* and shall also cause it, or a proper Abstract of it* to be published and circulated in such Manner as they think sufficient for giving Information to all Parties interested.

20. The Commissioners shall in the Month of February in every Year make a separate Report to Her Majesty of all their Proceedings under this Act during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of December then last past.

The Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the making thereof* if Parliament is then sitting, and if not* then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

21. The Commissioners in such annual Report shall set forth in full every Scheme certified by them during the Year to which the Report relates* and shall state the Grounds of their Approval thereof* and the Objections* if any* made thereto and overruled* and all Proceedings had in respect of those Objections* and the Grounds on which they were overruled.

22. A Scheme certified by the Commissioners shall not of itself have any Operation* but the same shall have full Operation when and as confirmed by Act of Parliament* with such Modifications, if any* as to Parliament seem fit.

23. If in the Progress through Parliament of a Bill confirming any Scheme certified by the Commissioners a Petition is presented to either House of Parliament against the Scheme* the Bill* as far as it relates to the Scheme petitioned against* may be referred to a Select Committee* and the Petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose* as in Case of a Private Bill.

24. All Expenses incurred by the Commissioners in relation to any Memorial* or to any Scheme consequent thereon* shall

1866. Metropolitan Commons. Cap. 122. 861

be defrayed by the Memorialists, or by any Ratepayers or Memorialists, Inhabitants of the Parish or District in or near to which the &c *

Common is situate, or of the Metropolis, willing and offering to defray those Expenses, or by the Local Authority if willing and offering to defray the same; and the Commissioners may, if they think fit, on or at any Time after the Presentation of the Memorial, require the Memorialists or those Ratepayers or Inhabitants, or any of them, or the Local Authority having offered as aforesaid, (as the Case may be,) to pay to the Commissioners such Sum as the Commissioners think requisite for or on account of those Expenses, or to give Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Payment of those Expenses on Demand.

25. The Local Authority may in relation to any Metro- Power for politan Common for which they are the Local Authority, and ^t°y to the Metropolitan Board of Works may in relation to any tribute for Metropolitan Common (although not one for which they are Purposes of the Local Authority), contribute such Amount as they think Scheme* fit (in a gross Sum or by annual Payments or otherwise) towards the Expenses of executing any Scheme under this Act

when confirmed by Act of Parliament, including the Payment of the Compensation (if any) to be paid in pursuance thereof.

26. All Expenditure incurred by a Local Authority under Expenses of this Act shall be defrayed by them out of the Local Rate, hocal

and all Expenditure incurred by the Metropolitan Board of out of Loc^f Works under this Act, in Cases where they are not the Local Pate. Authority, shall be defrayed by them out of the Rate which in the First Schedule to this Act is described as the Local Rate in connexion with the Metropolitan Board of Works; and the Amount requisite in that Behalf respectively shall be raised by means of such respective Rate accordingly.

27. The Commissioners may from Time to Time approve Amendment of and certify a Scheme for amending any Scheme confirmed by Schemes-Act of Parliament, and all the Provisions of this Act relative

to an original Scheme shall apply also to an amending Scheme, mutatis mutandis.

28. Where any Lord of a Manor, Commoner, or other Provision for Person having any Estate, Interest, or Right in, over, or C^ts of Dls' affecting a Common is under the Disability of Infancy,

Lunacy, or Coverture, or other legal Disability, or is beyond

the Seas, his or her Guardian, Trustee, Committee of the Estate, Husband, or Attorney (as the Case requires), or in default thereof a Person nominated in that Behalf by the Commissioners under their Common Seal (which Nomination they are hereby empowered to make as Occasion requires), shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be substituted in the Place of such Lord, Commoner, or other Person.

29. Where any Estate, Interest, or Right in, over, or Consent with affecting a Common belongs to or is enjoyed by Her Majesty,

Her Duchy Rights.

862 Cap. 122. Metropolitan Commons, 29 & 30 VICT.

Power for Lord of Manor, &c. to appoint Agent.

Provision for Conveyance to Commissioners.

9 G. 2. c. 36.

Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, or forms Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, any Consent for the Purposes of any Scheme under this Act may be given in respect of that Estate, Interest, or Eight, as follows, namely, —

In the first-mentioned Case, if the Estate, Interest, or Eight is under the Management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, then by those Commissioners or One of them, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if it is under the Management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, then by the last-mentioned Commissioners, with the like Approval:

In the secondly-mentioned Case by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, by Writing under his Hand attested by the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy:

In the thirdly-mentioned Case by the Duke of Cornwall, or other the Persons for the Time being empowered to dispose for any Purpose of Lands of the Duchy of Cornwall.

30. Any Lord of a Manor, Commoner, or other Person having any Estate, Interest, or Eight in, over, or affecting a Common may, by a Power of Attorney in Writing under his Hand (which shall be exempt from Stamp Duty), appoint an Agent to act for him for the Purposes of any Memorial or Scheme under this Act.

All Things by this Act directed or authorized to be done by or with relation to any Lord of a Manor, Commoner, or other Person as aforesaid may be lawfully done by or with relation to his Agent so appointed.

Every such Agent may, in the Name and on behalf of his Principal, sign, concur in, and execute any Memorial or Act, or signify Consent or Dissent on any Matter arising out of the Execution of this Act.

Every Person shall be bound by the Acts of any such Agent according to the Authority committed to him, as fully as if the Principal had himself acted.

Every such Power of Attorney, or a Copy thereof examined and authenticated as a true Copy by the Signature of a Witness or Witnesses, shall be deposited with the Commissioners.

Any such Power of Attorney may be in the Form given in the Second Schedule to this Act or to the like Effect.

3L Where any Estate, Interest, or Eight in, over, or affecting a Common is by Deed conveyed for the Purposes of a Scheme under this Act, with the Approval of the Commissioners, the Provisions of the Act of the Ninth Year of the Eeign of King George the Second (Chapter Thirty-six)," to " restrain the Disposition of Lands whereby the same become " unalienable," shall not apply to the Conveyance.

32. Not-

1866. Metropolitan Commons. Cap. 122.

32. Notwithstanding anything in any other Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time, for the Purposes of a Scheme under this Act, to grant to any Persons or Body, for such Estate or Interest, and on such Terms and subject to such Conditions as to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, seem meet, all or any Part or Parts of the open and uninclosed Lands being Wastes of the Royal Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, and also to so grant all or any of the Rights of Common which Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, has or have for the Time being in, over, or affecting any Metropolitan Common, and which might by Law be so granted by a private Person entitled absolutely thereto, and in every such Case such Persons or Body, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators, shall have full Capacity to take and hold the same Lands or Rights.

Whenever it is the Pleasure of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, to make a Grant as aforesaid, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may issue a Warrant to such Persons or Body.

Every such Warrant shall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and shall be inrolled as Conveyances of Lands forming Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown in England are required to be inrolled, and the Inrolment thereof shall be certified at the Foot or on the Back thereof by the proper Officer by whom the same is inrolled under his Hand, and the same when inrolled shall be returned with the Certificate of Inrolment to the Grantees named in the Warrant.

From and immediately after the Inrolment of the Warrant the Grantees by force of this Act shall be deemed to be in the actual Seisin or Possession of the Lands or Rights in the Warrant specified, and shall hold and enjoy the same, according to the Warrant, for the Purposes therein specified.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Description of Local Authority and Local Rate.

Metropolitan Common. Local Authority. Local Rate.

A Metropolitan Common the whole or any Part whereof is situate within the Metropolis as defined by The Metropolis Management Act, 1855. The Metropolitan Board of Works. The Rate leviable for defraying the Expenses of the Board in the Execution of The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same.

863

Power for Crown to vest Manorial, &c. Rights in Commissioners.

864

Cap. 122.

Metropolitan Commons.

29 & 30 VICT,

ft Metropolitan Common. Local Authority. Local Rate.

A Metropolitan Common the The Local The General District

whole or any Part whereof is situate within the District of a Local Board constituted under The Public Health Act, 1848, and The Local Government Act, 1858, or One of them, and no Part whereof is situate within the Metropolis as defined as aforesaid. Board. Rate.

Any other Metropolitan Common. The Vestry of the Parish in which the Common or any Part thereof is situate. The Poor Rate.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Power of Attorney.

The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866.

I, A.B. of in pursuance of the above-mentioned

Act, appoint of to be my^Agent for

all the Purposes of that Act [or for a specified Purpose under the Act].

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) A.B.

Witness,

C.D.

[Index removed.]

---

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1866.

