A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED

Twenty-second Year

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the THIRD SESSION of the SEVENTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1859.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the THIRD Session of the SEVENTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

22° VICTORIA.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

---

I. AN Act wore effectually to prevent Danger to the Publio Health from Places of A Burial. 1

II. An Act to repeal certain Acta and Parts of Acts which relate to the Observance of the

Thirtieth of January and other Days. 2

III. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the

Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 3

IV. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army

and their Quarters. 4

V. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 50

VI. An Act to apply the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hun-

dred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Sendee of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. 89

VII. An Act to apply the Sum of Eleven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. 90

VIII. An Act to repeal the Thirty-second Section of the Act " for the more easy Recovery

" of Small Debts and Demands in England " and to inake further Provision in lieu thereof. 92

IX. An Act to effect an Exchange of Ecclesiastical Patronage between Her Majesty the

Queen and Miss Sophia Broadley. 92

X. An Act to settle the Form of Affirmation to be made in certain Cases by Quakers and other Persons by Law permitted to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath. 94

XI. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the

United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 95

XII. An Act to make further Provision for the Purchase of Common and other Rights by

Her Majesty 8 Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and in relation to Land vested in or taken by such Secretary of State. 96

XIII. An Act to amend the Law concerning Patents for Inventions with respect to Inventions for Improvements in Instruments and Munitions of War. 99

a 2 XIV. An

-j -

i ni.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XIV. An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts and the better Recovery of Small Debts

in Ireland. 101

XV. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 105

XVI. An Act to enable the Judges to appoint Commissioners within Ten Miles of London

and in the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands to administer Oaths in Common Law, and to authorize the taking in the Country of Bail in Error, and Recognizances and Bail on the Revenue Side of the Exchequer. 108

XVII. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present

Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland. 109

XVIII. An Act for amending and confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners

for Sir Thomas Whitens Charity and the Free Grammar School in the Town of Nottingham. 110

XIX. An Act to make further Provision for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Works to acquire a Site for additional Offices for the Public Service near Whitehall and Her Majesty's Palace at Westminster. Ill

XX. An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Suits and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's Dominions in Places out of the Jurisdiction of such Tribunals.

132

XXI. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858). 134

XXII. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven

thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. 135

XXIII. An Act to apply a.Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament 136

XXIV. An Act to render valid certain Marriages in the Church of Saint James Baldersby

in the County of York, 147

XXV. An Act for the Government of the Convict Prisons in Her Majesty's Dominions

abroad. 148

XXVL An Act to amend the Laws concerning Superannuations and other Allowances to Persons having held Civil Offices in the Public Service. 150

XXVIL An Act to facilitate Grants of Land to be made near populous Places for the Use of regulated Recreation of Adults, and as Playgrounds for Children. 154

XXVIII. An Act to continue the Act for the Regulation of the Annuities and Premiums

of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society. 155

XXIX. An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon

the Union Funds. 156

XXX. An Act to amend the " Confirmation and Probate Act, 1858." 156

XXXI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act

(1858). 157

XXXII. An Act to amend the Law concerning the Remission of Penalties. 162

XXXIII. An Act to enable Coroners in England to admit to Bail Persons charged with

M anslaughter. 163

XXXIV. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King

George the Fourth, to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 164

XXXV. An Act to amend the Law relating to Municipal Elections. 164

{Local Sf Personal, declared Public, §c.) 22° VICT.

■V

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Town of Shepton Mallet and * the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Somerset

ii. An Act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes,

iiL An Act for providing a Joint Station at Epsom for" the Use of the Wimbledon and Dorking and Epsom and Leatherhead Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

iv. An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Kirkwall in the County of Orkney; and for other Purposes.

v. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of " The Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Markets and Pier Act, 1854."

vi. An Act to enable the Sunderland and South Shields Water Company to extend their Works, and obtain a further Supply of Water, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

vii. An Act to repeal the existing Act relating to the Bridge over the River Foyle at Londonderry, to authorize the Removal of the existing Bridge, and the Construction of a new Bridge, with Approaches thereto, and other Works; and for other Purposes.

viii. An Act for making a Railway from the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway at or near Kinloss to Findhorn.

ix. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend "The Glasgow Corporation Waterworks Act, 1855/'

x. An Act for reviving the Powers and extending the Time for the Completion of the Railway and Works authorized by " The Tralee and Killamey Railway Act, 1853."

xi. An Act to grant further Powers to " The Banff, Macduff, and Turriff Junction Railway Company," and to change the Name of the Company.

xii. An Act to enable the Formartine and Buchan Railway Company to divert their Railway near Ellon, and to abandon the Branch to Ellon.

xin. An Act for authorizing a Lease of the Great Western and Brentford Railway, and the Docks and Works connected therewith, to the Great Western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xiv. An Act for transferring the Government of the new Limits of the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland to the Harbour Trustees; for making better Provision for the Election of Trustees; and for the Alteration of certain Rates and Duties payable in respect of the said Harbour and in the Town of Whitehaven.

xv. An Act for regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the City of Norvnch Waterworks Company, and for making better Provision against the Waste of Water supplied by them; and for other Purposes.

xvi. An Act for making Docks and other Works in Falmouth Harbour in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

xvii. An Act to enable the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow to lay out, maintain, and improve the Keloingrove and Queer?s Parks and the G alleries of Art and Corporation Halls in the said City; and for other Purposes.

xviii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Kings-town, Monkstoicn, Dalkey, ‘Bullock, Glasthule, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Dublin*

xix. An

vi

A TABLE of the STATUTES

xix. An Act to authorize the Abandonment of the Foss Navigation from a Point about Two hundred Yards above the York Union Workhouse near the City of York; to alter, repeal, and amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

xx. An Act to authorize the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to raise a further Sum of Money for Works at Liverpool.

xxi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Poole and Places adjacent thereto; and for other Purposes.

xxii. An Act to dissolve the Accidental Death Insurance Company, and to transfer the Business of that Company to the Travellers and Marine Insurance Company, to be hereafter called " The Accidental Death Insurance Company;" and for other Purposes.

xxiiL An Act for making a Railway from the Cork and Bandon Railway to the Town of Kinsale in the County of Cork, with a Branch Railway or Tramway to Kinsale Harbour; and for other Purposes.

xxiv. An Act for building and maintaining a Pier in the Harbour of Fishguard in the County of Pembroke, and making and constructing a Road and Quay in extension of the present Quay in the Town of Fishguard, and deepening and otherwise improving the said Harbour.

xxv. An Act for changing the Name of w The People's Provident Assurance Society " to the Name " The European Assurance Society;" and for authorizing the taking of the Guarantee of the Society instead of other Security required from Persons in Public Offices and Employments; and for other Purposes.

xxvi. An Act to enable the Scarborough Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xxvii. An Act for p^kieg/farther Provisions;witfc respect to, the Standard/Life Assurance

Company. i .

xxviii. An Act to enable the East Suffolk Railway Company to extend their Railway to Aldborough in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

xxix. An Act to extend the Time for the Completion of certain Works of the Victoria (London) Dock Company; and for other Purposes.

xxx. An Act to grant further Powers to the Commercial Dock Company.

xxxi. An Act to enable the Ballymena, Ballymoney, Coleraine, and Portrush Junction Railway Company to make a Junction Railway at Coleraine.

xxxii. An Act for making further Provision for the better Supply of Water to the Borough of King 8 Lynn and adjacent Districts; for regulating the Markets and Fairs of the Borough; for the Improvement and Regulation of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

xxxiii. An Act for constructing Market Houses and other Buildings, and making Market Places, and for better regulating and maintaining the Markets and Fairs, in or near the Town of Tavistock; and for opening a new Street and otherwise improving the.said Town; and for other Purposes.

xxxiv. An Act to grant further Powers to the Leominster and Kington Railway Company.

xxxv. An Act to facilitate the Communication between the Great Northern Railway and the North London Railway; to improve the Station of the Great Northern Railway at King's Cross; and to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make Arrangements with regard to certain Parts of their Capital and that of the East Lincolnshire Railway Company.

{Private.) 22° VICT. vii

PRIVATE ACT,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN*8 PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPY MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to authorize Charles Frederick Clifton Esquire and the Lady Edith Maud his Wife, and their Issue, to assume and bear the Surnames of " Abney Hastings " in lieu of the Surname of Clifton, and to bear the Arms of " Abney " and " in compliance with the Condition contained in a Settlement made by Sir Charles Abney Hastings Baronet, deceased, of certain Estates in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

2. An Act to enable Thomas Augustas Purdy Clerk to exercise hls Offlce of Priest and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

I 'H-"-- ■"» 11

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and WidltAm Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1859.

Anno Regni VICTORIAE, Britanniarum Reginee, Vicesimo Secundo.

* k T I*arbament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirtieth Day of April,

* uL Anno Domini 1857, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady

* VICTORIA, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

c and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: And from thence continued, by several i Prorogations, to the Third Day of February 1859, being the Third Session of the Seven-

* teenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP.L

An Act more effectually to prevent Danger to the Public Health from Places of Burial. [25th March 1859.]

c Tl,7HERE AS by Section Twenty-three of an Act passed in the Session holden in the ( * 7 Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, "to amend 20 & 21 Vict

* " the Burial Acts," it was enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, upon the

* Representation of^One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by and with the

* Advice of Her Privy Council, from Time to Time to order such Acts to be done by or

* under the Directions of the Churchwardens or such other Persons as might have the Care i of any Vaults or Places of Burial, for preventing them from becoming or continuing

* dangerous or injurious to the Public Health; and such Churchwardens or other Persons

* should do or cause to be done all Acts ordered as aforesaid, and the Expenses incurred in

* and about the doipg thereof should be paid out of the Poor Rates of the Parish: And € whereas it is expedient to amend the said Enactment as herein-aftcr mentionedBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Where it appears to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, on the Representation of any Person authorized by him to inspect any Vaults or Place of Burial in relation to which an Order in Council has been or shall have been issued under the said recited Enactment, that any Acts which by such Order in Council are ordered to be done by or under the Direction of Persons other than Churchwardens having the Care of such 22 Vict. A Vaults

Where Persons having the Care of a Place of Burial neglect to comply with Order in Coun-

boogie

2

cil, the Churchwardens may act in their stead.

This and recited Act to be as One.

Enactments for the Observance of the 30th January, 29th May, 5 th November, and 23d October, repealed.

22° VICTORIA, c. 1, 2.

Vaults or Place of Burial are not done or performed within a reasonable Time, and according to the Intent of such Order in Council, it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, by Writing under his Hand, to authorize and direct the Churchwardens of the Parish in which such Vaults or Place of Burial may be situate forthwith to do or complete the Acts in such Order in Council mentioned, or such of them as remain undone, and such Order of the Secretary of State shall be obeyed by such Churchwardens, and they and all Persons acting under their Direction shall have the same Power of entering and doing all such Acts upon the Premises to which the Order in Council relates as if the said Acts had by the Order in Council been directed to be done by such Churchwardens, and such Vaults or Place of Burial had been under their Care; and any Person who shall obstruct such Churchwardens or any others acting under their Direction in relation to the Premises, or remove or interfere with the Works done by such Churchwardens, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

II. This Act shall be read together with the said Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty and the Burial Acts therein mentioned as One Act.

CAP. II.

An Act to repeal certain Acts and Parts of Acts which relate to the Observance of the Thirtieth of January and other Days. [25th March 1859*]

‘ *\1/HEREAS Her Majesty has been graciously pleased, in pursuance of Addresses of 1 * both Houses of Parliament, to issue Her Royal Warrant for the Discontinuance of c the Forms of Prayer and Service made for the Thirtieth Day of January, the Twenty-‘ ninth Day of May, and the Fifth Day of November, and it is expedient that the Enactments f requiring theObservance of those Days, and (in Ireland) the Twenty-third Day of October, ‘ as Anniversary Days, should be repealedBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The several Acts and Parts of Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and every other Enactment now in force which may be read or construed as requiring the Observance of the Thirtieth Day of January, the Twenty-ninth Day of May, the Fifth Day of November, and the Twenty-third Day of October respectively, as Anniversary Daysj or the Use of any special Services of the Church for those Days respectively, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Date of Act. Title. Extent of Repeal.

%

3 Jac. 1. c. 1. -

12 Car. 2. c. 14,

ACTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF ENGLAND.

An Act for a Public Thanks- The whole Act. giving to Almighty God every Year on the Fifth Day of November.

An Act for a perpetual Anni- The whole Act. versary Thanksgiving on the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May,

22° VICTORIAE, c. 2, 3

3

Date of Act. Title. Extent of Repeal.

12 Car. 2. c. 30. An Act for the Attainder of So far as it enacts that every Thirtieth

several Persons guilty of the horrid Murther of His late Day of January, unless it fails out to be upon the Lord's Day, and then the

Sacred Majesty King Charles the First. Day next following, should be set apart to be kept and observed as an Anniversary Day as therein mentioned.

13 Car. 2. c. 7. An Act for confirming Public Acts. So far as it confirms the Enactment hereinbefore mentioned of the 12 Car. 2. c. 30.

13 Car. 2. c. 11. An Act for confirming of Three Acts therein mentioned* So far as it confirms the Act 12 Car. 2. c. 14.

ACT OF THE PARLIAMENT OF GREAT BRITAIN.

24 G. 2. o. 23. - An Act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in use. So far as it requires the keeping and observing of the Thirtieth Day of January, the Twenty-ninth Day of May, and the Fifth Day of November, as

therein mentioned.

ACTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF IRELAND.

14 & 15 Car.2. Sess. 4. An Act for a perpetual Anni- The whole Act.

c. 1. versary Thanksgiving on the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May in this Kingdom. •

14 & 15 Car.2. Sess. 4. c. 23. ' An Act for keeping and celebrating the Twenty-third of October as an Anniversary Thanksgiving in this Kingdom. The whole Act. .

CAP. III.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. [25th March 1859*]

c Tl/'HEKEAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance ‘ of " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land/' issued their

‘ Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule ‘ to this Act, and have in their Fourteenth Annual General Report certified their Opinion f that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without ‘ the previous Authority of Parliament:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

II. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Annual Inclosure Act, 1859," or "The Acts " for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land,''

A 2 SCHE-

Inclosures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

Short Title.

boogie

4

Numbers, 122,655 Men.

22° VICTOR!®, c.3,4.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Snape ----- Suffolk - . 13 th May 1858.

Botley Common - Southampton - 3d June 1858.

Cathedine - Brecon - - - - 3d June 1858.

Skelwith Common - Lancaster - 17th July 1858.

Ashreigney - Devon - - 25th June 1858.

Lydney - - • - Gloucester - 3d July 1858.

Osmotherley - Lancaster - - 8th July 1858.

Mexbrough - - - York - 22d July 1858.

Fulbrook, Ship ton-under-Wych-1 wood, and Taynton - - j Oxford - - 5th August 1858.

Asthall, Whichwood, and Fulbrook - Oxford - - - - 5th August 1858.

Moseley Common - Hereford - 20th August 1858.

Kirkby Ireleth - - - Lancaster - 21st October 1858.

Ramsden - - Oxford - - 28th October 1858.

Doeking - - - - - Norfolk - 11th November 1858.

Drayton - - Oxfprd - - 9th December 1858.

Elton Meadow and Stroud Field Gloucester - 13th January 1859.

Dibden - Southampton - 13th January 1859.

Clunbury Hill - - Salop - 28th October 1858.

Clavering - Essex - 1 - 5th January 1859.

Pembridge - - Hereford - 23d December 1858.

Chithurst ----- Sussex - - 15th January 1859.

Oathall Manor - - Sussex - - 19th January 1859.

Rhandirisa - - Carmarthen - 19th January 1859.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. [25th March 1859.]

^I^HEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of * Great Britain and Inland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should bo continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and twenty-two thousand six hundred and fifty-five Men, exclusive of Fifteen thousand and five Officers and Men, being the Dep6ts of Regiments in India stationed in Great Britain, and exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments and other Corps employed in Her Majesty's East Indian Possessions, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments and Corps: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punighjnent than the usual Forms of .the Law will allowBe it

therefore

5

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government Articles of War of Her Majesty's Army, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and 5a*e^tcfbe in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as ju&tiaUy token soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, notice of, and be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior

Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Printer to be Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of transmitted to Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be Judges*&c* subject to be kept in Penal Servitude, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to Penal Servitude or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commis- Persons subject sioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned to this Act Officer or Soldier, other than Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces,

and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and also to the Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to the Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and to Master Gunners, and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving in the Regiment of Royal Engineers, or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Field Train or Medical Staff Corps, or Hospital Corps, or Military Train, or serving as Army Schoolmasters, Probationary Armourers, and Armourer Serjeants, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving on the Commissariat Staff and in the Commissariat Corps, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and to all Storekeepers and all Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the War Department at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, Provisions of and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of tend^tTJeree*" Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and GuernLy7&a for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers

and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve

or

Colonial and Foreign Troops in Her Majesty's Pay to be subject to Provisions of this Act.

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

As to General Courts-martial convened in St. Helena, &c.

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IV. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty (other than Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Army when out of the United Kingdom), shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland3 excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

VI. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army, as well withiii the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command; provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer is not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VII. A General Court-martial convened in British Columbia and Vancouver's Island, Saint Helena, the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, Honduras, New Zealand., the Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, or the Settlements on the Coast of China, and Prince of Wales Islandy Singapore, and Malacca, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, the Windward and Leeicard Islands, British Guiana, Newfoundland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, or in any Place out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Ionian Islands and the. Places herein-before mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven, and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and every such General Court-martial shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana,

Hong

22° VICTOR LE, c.4. 7

Hong Kongy and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in British Columbia and Vancouver's Island, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and every such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District Qr Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

IX. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Regimental or Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Detachment Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punish- oarts*martml ment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Courts-martial Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Troopships, Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the &c.

Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

special Cases out of the Queen's Dominions.

XI. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of AstoCourts-Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon martial in Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. Where it is necessary or expedient, a Court-martial composed exclusively of As to Courts-Officers of Her Majesty's Army or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or a Court-martial martial com-composed of Officers of both the above Services, or of either or both together, with Officers cerso^Oneor of Her Majesty's Royal Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such more of the Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person Services, belonging to either of the above Three Services; provided that when the Person to be

tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marines, then the Provisions of such Act as shall be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act as shall be in force for the Amendment of the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army shall be applicable.

XIII. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority As to Presi-of the Officer convening such Court, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer or the ^el^f'Courts-Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be mar a * arraigned; nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer,

unless a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of a

Captain,

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Captain, gave In the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

Proceedings XIV. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers

at rrials. appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing

of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers; and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so as aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall have been made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate General or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon. As to swearing XV. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are of hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be

examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions, in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

XVI. After

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

XVI. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book, or the Defaulter Book of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein-after provided to the Officer commanding a Regiment or other Corps by the Clerk of any such Court, or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof, duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

XVII. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, where the Offender shall be a Non* commissioned Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Army, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as may be, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence (paying for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial, if the same took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial: Provided also, that the Proceedings of District and Garrison Courts-martial need not be preserved after the Expiration of a Period of Twelve Years from the Date of their Deposit in the Office of the Judge Advocate General.

XVIII. No Officer or Soldier, who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

22 Vict. B XIX. If

9

Previous Convictions may be put in Evidence before passing Sentence.

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courts-martial to be transmitted to Judge Advocate General.

No Second Trial for the same Offence, but Revision may be allowed.

Crimes punish able with Death.

Judgment of Death.

Judgment of Death may be commuted for Penal Servitude or other Punishments.

Embezzlement punishable by Penal Servitude.

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

XIX. If any Person Subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Indian Army, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier enlisted or in Pay in any Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XX. No Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

XXI. Whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions, for the Officer commanding in chief Iler Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

XXII. Any Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of Her Majesty's Army, or any Person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, wilful Damage, or Theft of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, and Incapacity

22° VICTORIA, c. 4. 1]

of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude, when such Sentence shall be confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude As to Exe-

heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into of

execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be penal Servi-graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death tude in the passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, Iun&"

shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in

Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland\ then by the Secretary-at-War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Iiecord in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXIV. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon AstoExe-any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her g^ntoices of Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution penal Servi-for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of tude in the

B 2 Death Colonies-

Tower to inflict

Corporal

Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, &c.

Court-martial may, in addition to other Punishment,

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to 6uch Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been 60 sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: Provided always, that in any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned with or w ithout Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or if in the East Indies, or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

XXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty; provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed.

XXVII. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to awrard Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

XXVIII. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension ou Discharge, which might have otherwise

accrued

22° VICTORIA, c.4. 13

accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, order Forfeiture whether it might have accrued from post Service or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of the Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former good Conduct, and of all Field Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct,—

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for the Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXIX. Every Soldier who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of Forfeiture of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such Pay °n ^inS other Soldier or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, ^Desertion with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service, or of tampering &c., or on with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having Conviction for been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England eony* or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Soldier who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Field Service or for good Conduct, together with the Annuity or Gratuity thereto appertaining; and any Serjeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may by the Order of the same Court be made to forfeit the Annuity and Medal for meritorious Service which may have been conferred upon him.

XXX. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, by reason of his Imprisonment, Forfeiture of whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass Par when in such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, under sentence or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his of Court-Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by martial, or for his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service as herein-after provided, such Debt> &c*5 Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of

Service

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or whilst in Arrest for Debt; or when Prisoner of War until Inquiry shall be made;

or when convicted of Desertion or of Absence without Leave; or when absent without Leave, not exceeding Five Days.

Proviso.

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for .habitual Drunkenness.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Service may have been prolonged; and no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence; but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Soldier who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself, and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a C#urt-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXI. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

XXXII. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Soldier shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Soldier of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided always, that a Soldier so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay, who shall be quartered at or removed to a Station where Liquor forms Part of his Ration

22° VICTORIiE, c.4.

and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay for so long a Time as he shall remain at such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXIII. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good—

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Horse, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to. wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service in the Field or for general good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Horse, Clothing, Instruments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries of any Officer or Soldier, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of any Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Commander-in-Chief, with the Concurrence of the Secretary-at-War: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXIV. Whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or if in the East Indies for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

XXXV. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated

XXXVI. A

15

Stoppages.

Power to discharge Soldi ere with Ignominy.

Marking

Deserters.

^.OOQie

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offences.

Terms and Places of Imprisonment under Sentences of Courts-martial.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

XXXVI. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Soldier be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement; provided that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Regimental or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to such Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XXXVII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, or of Transportation,

f assed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of mprisonment. Penal Servitude, or Transportation for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIII. Save as herein-before specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude, Transportation, or of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and under the Sentence of any other Court-martial shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XXXIX. It shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a Public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary-at-War; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Qfficer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persona as the Secretary-at-War may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of

17

22" VICTORIA, c. 4.

such Prison; and the Secretary-at-War may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Buies and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Buies and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary-at-War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting J ustice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

XL. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

XLL In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XL II. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary-at-War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLIIL Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have 22 Vict. C Reason

As to the Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

Provision for Subsistence of Soldiers when imprisoned in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment of Soldiers

18

in Common Gaols.

Musters, and Punishment for false Musters.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Reason to know or believe, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Militiuy*

is a,Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give^ if in Great Britain to the Secretary-at-War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty'8 Forces in Ireland, One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

XLIV. Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Army, twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Soldier, or other Person liable to be mustered, shall be absent from such Musters unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity, for mustering any Officers, Soldiers, or other Persons, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

XLV. Every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps and be a Deserter therefrom, and whether such Soldier shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or for deserting from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

XLVI. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was appreliended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary-at-War, specifying therein whether Buch Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps, or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps, in order to his being taken

to

19

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

to the Head Quarters or Depdt of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary-at-War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary-at-War a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the Secretary-at-War shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary-at-War, and transmit also to the Secretary-at-War a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary-at-War may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or, if the Regiment or Corps be in the Colony, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding in the Colony a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

XLVII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary-at-War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

XLVIII. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Army who shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he has enlisted shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that all Cavalry Recruits so committed for Desertion shall be transferred to Cavalry Regiments or Corps; and all Infantry Recruits to Infantry Regiments or Corps; and that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty, reserving only for them that Part of the Bounty which is applicable to and required for the Provision of Necessaries.

XLIX. Any Soldier who, while Berving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial, and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Desertet as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a

C 2 Soldier,

In the Colonies.

As to the temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to joining their Regiments or Corps.

Prorision as -to fraudulent

Confession of Desertion.]

22° VICTORIES, c.4.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

Furlough in case of Sickness.

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil hia«

Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forces as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter as aforesaid, he shall be liable to be taken before Two Justices of the Peace, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by them be adjudged to be punished, if in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and consolidating the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or shall be deemed guilty, if in Scotland, of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, as the Case may be, shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, as the Case may be, and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished, in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces within the United Kingdom, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

L. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LI. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same

otherwise

22" VICTORIA, c. 4. 21

otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a gistrate or by

Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by

Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Noa-oomrnissioned Officer by Court-martial

Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or of the Colonel, or in the for the same

Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any 0ffence*

Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the

Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or

the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or

Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, containing

the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, and containing

also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier

shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed

for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

LIL Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Army or Her Majesty's Indian Army as a Soldier, or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to ThirtyrPounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breacli of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by ar Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement,

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts amounting to 30/. andj upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 30/., or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

or

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Majors.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bond Jide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

LIII. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LIV. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and authorized to enlist Recruits, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit^ and (if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist) the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money Notice of his having so enlisted may be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Land Service he shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before any J ustice or other Magistrate residing in the Vicinity of the Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, or before any Justice or other Magistrate acting for the Division, District, or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare that he voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, and in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereto; and the said J ustice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Declaration and Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or for Service in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Declaration or Oath; and the Fee for administering the Declaration and Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give under his Hand the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to make the Declaration and take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LV. Any Recruit so appearing before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and upon his returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, together with the full Amount of any Pay w hich shall have been paid to such Recruit after his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Recruit shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said J ustice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was

enlisted.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4. 23

Unlisted, or ihat the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary-at-War and Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; and no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof

LYI. If any Recruit shall receive Enlisting Money (knowing it to be such) from any Offences Person employed in the Recruiting Service within the United Kingdom of Great Britain connected with and Ireland and the British Isles, and authorized by Beating Order under the Hand of the ^ Secretary-at-War to enlist Recruits, or from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service in any of the Colonies, or in any of the Presidencies of India, authorized to enlist Recruits, and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall after his Enlistment absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall at the Expiration of such Period of Ninety-six Hours be deemed to be enlisted and to be a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted, or that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were not taken down in Writing: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the J ustice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had so absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War, in order that in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter.

L YII. Any Recruit who shall have enlisted into and been attested for Her Majesty's Army Further or for Her Majesty's Indian Army, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Enlistment. Time of his Attestation, may be transferred to any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion or Company, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment or Corps, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as Her Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Recruit shall have been enlisted, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought before them, and shall be proved upon Oath to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have concealed any such Infirmity, or to have designedly made any false Representation, before or at the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any

Law

24 22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Law In force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Recruit, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Declarations, Oaths, and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before or at the Time of receiving Enlisting Money, or before the Justice, at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money or Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years 7 & s G. a. of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending

c* 29* the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in

Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 9 G, i o, 55. Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any attested Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished or prosecuted, tried and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continuance of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Declaration in the Schedule to this Act annexed, made by the Recruit on his Attestation, and of the Certificate then signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in the Declaration made by him; and Proof upon Oath that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to any Regiment or Corps in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marines, or to Her Majesty's Indian Forces, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and the Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary-at-War by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled as a Volunteer under the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, or any subsequent Acts, to serve in the Militia, who at the Time of offering to enlist into Her Majesty's Army or Marines, or into Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or to enter into Her Majesty's Navy, shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve in the Militia, and who shall not have completed his Engagement by Attestation or by being entered on the Books of the Navy, shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days; and any Man enrolled as aforesaid who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or shall hereafter confess, to the Justicc before whom he shall have been or shall be attested for the Army or Marine Forces, or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or shall hereafter confess, on or after the Completion of his Engagement to enter the Navy, that he belongs to the Militia, shall not be liable to Imprisonment for such Offence, but shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, or before a Regimental Court-martial or Naval Court of Inquiry, either upon his own Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness, forfeit all Militia Bounty which would have become payable to him during the Period of his belonging to Her Majesty's Forces, or to Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or to the Royal Navy, if he had not therein enlisted or entered, and be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day from his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary-at-War shall direct; or if enrolled in the Militia as a balloted Man or Substitute shall, if convicted before any One Justice as aforesaid, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and such Person, whether he shall have been

enrolled

22° VICTORIA, c. 4. 25

enrolled as a Volunteer or as a balloted Man or Substitute* shall* from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of Her Majesty's Forces, or of Her Majesty's Indian Forces* into which he shall have so enlisted, or to the Navy into which he shall nave entered: Provided always* that every such Person so enlisted shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or elsewhere in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Her Majesty's Forces* or of Her Majesty's Indian Forces* in which he has so enlisted, and shall be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, or if he had entered the Navy to the Rules and Regulations by which that Force is governed* and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted* or from the Navy, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps, or in the Navy as aforesaid.

LVIII. Every Military Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Punishment Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's °Lc^er# Army or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or regarding Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service. Enlistment

LIX. c And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for enlisting and Enlistment and * attesting Soldiers desirous of re-enlisting or of enlisting abroad:' Be it enacted, That it Re-enlistment shall be lawful for Her Majesty* by any Warrant signed by the Secretary-at-War in that *broad* Behalf, to authorize the Governors of Colonies, and of the several Presidencies in Indiay to appoint any Person* not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting for the Place of such Enlistment* and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland\ any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Army or into Her Majesty's Indian Army; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier; any Soldier attested for the Infantry and at his own Request transferred to the Cavalry, Artillery, or Engineers shall be bound to serve for the full Term of such Service as if originally enlisted therein, but any Soldier at his own Request transferred from either of such before-mentioned Services to the Infantry shall be liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment.

LX. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Enlistment of Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Ser-vice, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

LXI. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an Apprentice indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces* and shall wrve the 22 Vict. D falsely

26

Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

falsely state to the Magistrate before whom be shall be carried and attested that he* is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood) Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted And punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia,, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and talce the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer, shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

LXII. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by liis Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall he tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the

said

'27

.22" VICTORIA, c.4.

said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

LXIII. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXIV. It is hereby enacted, That no Person who shall for Six Months and upwards, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, or Depot or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, if produced, shall be conclusive Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever; but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been legally and regularly and properly enlisted and attested.

LXY. No Secretary-at-War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions, as shall from Time to Time be required by Her Majesty's Regulations, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary-at-War; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty'8 Orders, shall upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service; provided, as aforesaid, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty, or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it until Her Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary-at-War.

LX VI. ‘ And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the ‘ First it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be € burdened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act ‘ of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King

* Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six

* thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for

* paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or 1 Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or

* billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, 1 or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject € or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting ‘ whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth ( Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act ‘ to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Car-‘ riages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier,

* or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train

D 2 ‘ of

Wages of

Servants

enlisting.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Soldiers.

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

Suspending Operation of certain Acts herein recited.

6 Anne, c. 14. s. 8. (I.)

Certain Requirement* of 6 Anne, c. 14. (I.) as to billeting in Ireland not now necessary.

How and where Troops may be billeted.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

€ of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer commanding 4 the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any Time thereafter have

* received or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time ‘ or Times as he or they should be on their March as in the same Act is before mentioned,

( or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other

* Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such 4 Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which 4 Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof, should be commanded to march 4 from One Part of Ireland to anotherBut forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act

LXY1I. ‘ And whereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth Year of 9 the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil 9 Magistrate or Constable should be obliged to find Quarters for or give Billets to more or 9 other Soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Surnames should be delivered to 4 him in Writing under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or Billets for such 9 Soldiers at the Time such Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names 9 should be written together and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and „ 9 that the Christian and Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together 4 with the Name of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should 4 be given in Writing by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier,

4 and be contained in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been 4 found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enact-‘ mentIt shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon the Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same, any List of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

LXVIII. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-Pensioners when assembled as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all B&tand Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided);  and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House,

except

29

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at lea9t where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiera and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by tins Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place, with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging, where he shall be duly billeted.

LXIX. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southtcark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and deliver

to

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

30

Military Officers not to act as J usdces in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Definition of Terms.

22° VICTORIA, d,£

to the Justioes then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer. Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with die Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Person?, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

LXX. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void

LXXI. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers writh a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Four-pence per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other' Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them ■respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary-at-War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Non-commissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Noncommissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

LXXII. All the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained relating to Her Majesty's Army or Her Majesty's Forces shall be construed to apply to Her Majesty's Land Forces

other

kjoooie

31

22° VICTORIA, c. 4,

other tbati the Indian Forces of Her Majesty, and the Powers and Provisions relating to Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall be construed to apply to Her Majesty's Indian Land Forces, and the Powers cfnd Provisions relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon- Tweed; and all Powers and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, .and all Isles thereto and to Great Britain and Ireland belonging; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headbbroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting .; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LXXIII. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches iu Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly: and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to- furnish such Carriages, and of the

D 4 Number

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets*

Supply of Carriages.

32 22° VICTORIA, c.4.

Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

Rates to be LXXIV. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be riad 8°andar" impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to

Regulations be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon

relating thereto, with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary-„ at-War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the

Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables „ providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be • made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made,

if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this

Duty

2.

22° VICTORIA, c.4. 33

Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations berein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

LXXY. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor Supply of of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, sig- |^iage8f nified by the Secretary-at-War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, E^JJ^cy. or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of anv Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regain! to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom * and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers,

Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXVI. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Justices em-Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County P0.*****110 or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies wkloh the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in Hko Manner us for County Gaols and Bridges, for Sums such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respec-tive Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been em* paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

LXXVII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Routes in Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person Ireland, to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVIII. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental Toll* .; or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, (but not when passing in any hired or private Vehicle,) and all Recruits, marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her 22 Vict. E Majesty

V^

Ferries.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered

Willi.

Punishment of Officers

obstructing

Cbil Justice.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

22° VICTORIA, c, 4.

Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act> of in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing. Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXIX. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat

LXXX Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if if he 6hall so require, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment

LXXXI. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary-at-War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXXII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony, or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

LXXXIII. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary-at-War, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or

neglect

22° VICTORIAE, c.4. 35

neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or Penalty on act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Mafficking Her Majesty"8 Army, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; ommiMlon8* and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXXV. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure Penalty for to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any false

Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or ** rs indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

LXXX VI. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Penalty on beating Order under the Hand of the Secretary-at-War) who shall cause to be advertised, ^a^Ql

e)sted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, recrw ng* mbodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or keep any House,

Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant-General, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India> (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

*

LXXXVII. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by Penalty for any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person, who, knowing that any Soldier desert, is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Convention thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction snail take place may adjudge.

LXXXV III. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly Penalty for enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, Deserters, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIX. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Penalties on Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or aitog Escape any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by ^ escape of

E 2 any Prisoners, and

on Breach of Prison Regulations.

Certain Provisions of Acts for regulating Gaols to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may then be unexpired; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may, on Conviction thereof by a single Visitor, be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in addition to his original Sentence; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain, shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict ^Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

XC. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender, in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XCI. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf on any Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for

Distingmsh-

*

22° VICTORIA, c.4. 37

Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as .aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions on the Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to bo passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Legislature,

XCII. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed Penalties upon in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to ^jJ^S?**** billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, against the without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet Laws relating any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act t0 Bmet8, directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children,

Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-beforo directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall

be

38

Penalty on Toll Collectors demanding Toll from Officers, Soldiers, or Carriages;

and on Persons Soldiers, &c.

Penalties upon the Military offending.

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, aua to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from, any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, they being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, for themselves, or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any Enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Soldier, or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XCIII. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every sucn Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London,, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary-at-War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCIV. For

L^oooLe

22° VICTORIA, c. 4. 39

XCIV. Forth© better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near Places where any penalty on (Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted. That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XCY. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done Form of in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing £^onsal thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

XC VI. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, Recovery of not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, Penaltie8* shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate n & 12 Viot the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Ci *3,

Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders; Provided always, that in all Cases

in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be

levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six

Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in

Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if

the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act,

or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty

Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings u & 15 Vict

at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, °* "•

to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in

any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties

and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of

the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her

Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and

Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in

some of the Courts of Record at Westminste?• or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in

Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the

British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or

Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCVII. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles Appropriation adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall of Penaltie*-inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary-at-War, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Bang William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England 5&6W.1 and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice c*76*

who

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries, &c. to attest their Accounts.

Administration of Oaths.

Peijury.

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest* report the same to the Secretary-at-War.

XCVIII. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Childs shall be billeted, may summon sucn Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required; provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

XCIX. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

C. All Muster Rolls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

Cl. AH Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and ail Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

CII. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Peijury is subject and liable to; and eveiy Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

CIII. All

22° VICTORIA, c. 4. 41

CIII. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for Offences punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their 5f^4 aS?* Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the ^ Articles same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as of War. if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CIV. ( And whereas it is expedient to make certain Alterations in the Forms of Attes- Alterations * tation prescribed by the several Statutes now in force relating to Enlistment: ' It is hereby jj AttwtoSSi. provided, That the Question directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits as to their Willingness to serve, as set forth in the Schedule annexed to the Statute Ten and Eleven Victoria, Chapter Thirty-seven, intituled An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army io & ll Vict and in the Schedule to the several Acts heretofore passed for the punishing Mutiny c* 37* and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, may be put in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CV. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Duration of Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine inclusive until the Twenty-fifth this Act Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and snail be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, f$om the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine inclusive to the First day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island, from the Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two:

Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

22 Vict.

F

SCHE-

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

"VT OU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter -*• now before you. So help you GOD.

"VTOU shall duly administer Justice according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Army, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of a Judge Advocate.

T do swear, That I will not, upon any Account whatsoever, disclose or

*■" discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode, or at the Place at which he stated that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight, but no sooner than Twenty-four, Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friaay not being counted.

Date

185

you enlisted with at

o'Clock* on the Day of

[instead of the Wards " for the which are applicable to the Case], before o'Clock*

of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by relaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Soldier without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

for the Regiment

Regiment," any Words may be substituted and if you do not come forward on or on the for the Purpose

Signature of the Officer or Non-commis- \ sioned Officer commanding the Party - J '

Name of the Recruit___________

Residing at___________________

AM. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Questions

43

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Questions to be pnt separately by the Justice to a Recruit on enlisting.

1. What is your Name?

2. In what Pariah, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you bom ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

6, Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to Fits; or have you any

Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of

for the Term of [insteadof the Words "in the Regiment of" any Words may

be substituted denoting the particular Corps or Service in which the Recruit is willing to serve; the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long reauire your Services, and also far such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and by whom were you

enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist ?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers ?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment or Corps in Her Majesty's Army, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to Her Majesty's Indian Forces ?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, Militia, or Navy, or in Her

Majesty'8 Indian Forces (or in the Forces of the East India Company) ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service, or for Her Majesty's

Indian Forces, (or the Forces of the East India Company,) upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note.—The Justice is directed in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to forfeit One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Months if attested and to Fourteen Days Imprisonment if he is not attested, and if he belong to the Naval Coast Volunteers he is liable under the Act 16 & 17 Victoria, c. 73. to Imprisonment for Six Months, and his Enlistment will be null and void.

Enlisting for Service in Her Majesty s Colonies.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justices as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Colony of for the

Term of [this Blank to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

F 2

Enlisting

44

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

Enlisting for Service either in Her Majesty's Army or Her Majesty'$ Indian Forces.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justices as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Army, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces according as Her Majesty shall tnink fit to order, for the Term of Blank to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or Engineers, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may fie)], provided * your Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for Service in Her Majesty's Indian Forces.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Indian* Forces

for the Term of [*Aw Blank to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be)\ provided your Services shall so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer, on any Foreign Station.

Declaration to be made by a Recruit on Attestation.

T do declare, That the above Questions have been separately

put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

Declared before me.

__________________________Signature of Soldier.

__________________________Signature of Justice.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

T do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance

to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD. Witness my Hand,

____________________________Signature of Recruit.

____________________________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thousand eight I

hundred and f

at o'Clock. J

Signature of Justice___________________________

* The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry, Cavalry, or Artillery, as the Case may be.

Certificate

45

22° VICTORIA, c.4.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

1 F One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit. J of do hereby certify, That in my Presence all the

foregoing Questions were put to; that the Answers written

opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of . on being attested this Day;

that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that the Place where he declares that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence, or within the Division or District or Place for which I act; that I am not an Officer of the Army; and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

________________________Signature of Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Soldier renewing his Service.

T Number do declare. That I am at present (or teas,

as the Case mag be,) in Captain Company in the Regiment;

[the foregoing Portion of this Declaration may be altered to suit each particular Case ;1 that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of Years;

that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her

Heirs and Successors, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with

Eleven Years in the Infantry, or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery, Engineers, and Infantry, or Twenty four in the Cavalry,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me ______________________

Signature of Soldier. Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

Indenture dated the and that the said abscond and quit my and Belief the said at and

do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Day of for the Term of Years;

did on or about the Day of

Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge is aged about Years, Witness my Hand

the Day of One thousand eight hundred

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and

i

Fobx

4(5

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

I F One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit. J ^ certify, That of came before me at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and , and

made Oath that he was by Trade a , and that was bound to serve

as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or

about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the

said without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief

the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

F of do make Oath, That was bound to me to

* serve as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years, and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

Witness, Sfc. [as for Apprentice.]

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer.

1 F One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit. J * certify. That of came before me at

the Day of and made Oath that was bound to

serve as an indentured Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years, and that the said indentured Labourer

did on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the

said without his Consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

F do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have not applied any

Monies or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in an^ Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted^thom to be applied, to any other than Pubhc Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-named 1

this

Day of

Justice of the Peace of or, Commander in Chief \ or Second in Command, et ccetera, the Army serving in et ccetera [as the Case

may he].

Form

47

22° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeeper's Accounts.

T , Storekeeper at , do hereby solemnly and sincerely

^ declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and authorized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Parts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned by the Regulations of 19th December 1832 TiVb* (See Art. 246, at Page 65, of Home Regulations);  and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to , have been

actually and bon & fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Storekeeper at Declared before me at ,

this Day of , 18 .

__________________ 3

Magistrate for______

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

F Barrack Master of the Barracks at ,

* do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to ,

have been actually and bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at this Day of

Barrack Master at , 18 !

Magistrate for

Form

48

22° VICTORIAE, c.4.

Fobm of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's Accounts.

T do solemnly and sincerely declare, That the foregoing Pay List of

the Regiment of , for the Period ended 185 ,

contains Charges of Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers^ Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Periods set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the , the , and the

have the true Reasons of their Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down against their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the Muster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to , have been actually and bona fide disbursed by me in con-

formity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein charged, including every Receipt whatever, for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts, is

Also, that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination, of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of 185 (the

Date of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 185 ) and the of 185 ,

the Date of this Pay List.

Also, that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in this Pay List, in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; and that they respectively reside at the Places under-mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence.

Declared and subscribed before me at , this

Day of , 185 .

Peace for

Witnesses

{

Commanding Officer. Adjutant

Paymaster. Justice of the

Description

22° VICTORIA c. 4

49

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or " surrendered himself,"

as the Case may be,] on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps].

> «a 1 1 1 • 1

Height - Feet. Iuches.

Complexion -

Hair - -

i i i i s w

Marks - - -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

/Name and Occupation and Address of the I Person by whom apprehended

/ Particulars in the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds - - -

* It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk. _______________________________________

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in ! my Presence that hef a Deserter from j

the above-mentioned Corps.

---------------- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

-— Signature of Prisoner. i

-----------------Signature of Informant.

f Insert "is" or "'is not," as the Case may be. i

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him { for Military Service.

-------------------- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of \\ Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

|| No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

22 ViCT.

G

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of W ar.

Limitation as to Time.

22" VICTORIA, c.5.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. [‘25th March 1859-]

* VI/ HERE AS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the c " Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces ( should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of € the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the c Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be

* quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Shins or Merchant ‘ Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels, or they c may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating c to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be fore-c judged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within c this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of bis Peers, € and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being ‘ requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be ‘ observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her c Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the c Prejudice of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy c Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, alter, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles be subject to be kept in Penal Servitude, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to Penal Servitude, or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said

Acts

51

22° VICTORIA c. 5.

Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to haye been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or [of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm,

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, Provisions of and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of ^ Actto Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IY. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or The ordinary Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Course of Law Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

Y. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or No person Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried by Civil tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same Power to be otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Com^martal Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine by for same Of-Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord fence except by High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, c enng»&c-by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment,

Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

VI. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be Marines to be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels subject to the in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be °*

subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's whileonboard

G 2 Forces Ship.

52 22° VICTORIA, c.5.

Forces by Sea and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and with or without any Commission or Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene. Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene. Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same*shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant shall be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. A General Court-martial convened in British Columbia and Vancouver 8 Island, Courts-martial, gt. Helena, the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, Honduras, New Zealand, the

Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, or the Settlements on the Coast of China> shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, New foundland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good IIope} or other Settlements in Southern Af rica, or in any Place out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Ionian Islands and the

Places

Lord High Admiral, Ac. may grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, Ac.

As to General

District or

Garrison

Courts-martial.

22° VICTORIA, c. 5. 53

Places herein-before mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, or in Her Majesty's Indian Possessions, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and every such General Court-martial shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

IX. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope, or other Settlements in Southern Africa, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, Neic Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeicard Islands, British Guiana, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in British Columbia and Vancouver s Island, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and every such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

X. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, Divisional anff unless it be found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall Detachment be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment or to Court8"mart Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of

this Act.

XI. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Courts-martial Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Ma^e0°fin Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may Transport be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, Ships, &c. provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

XII. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her As to Courts-Majesty's Royal Marine Forces serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint J^iai cases made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of out of the

or Resident in any Country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving, by Queen's Do-any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be mmions* assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court* martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are grauted by this Act to General Courts-martial:

Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. Where it is necessary or expedient, Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and of Officers of the the Royal Marines may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial, whether the Commanding ^^Forces Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or Marine sithTcon-Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Royal Marines, then the Pro- junction on ceedings of such Court-martial shall be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act; Courts-martial, but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Provisions of the Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable.

XIV. Provided

54

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c., an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

President of Court-martial.

Proceedings at Trial.

Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses.

22° VICTORIiE, c.5.

XIV. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer, for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

XV. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority of the Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

XVI. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XVII. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same;

and

55

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotlandy or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

XVIII. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also,

that

Previous Convictions to be put in Evidence.

56 22° VICTORIA, c.5.

that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

Report of XIX. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such, at a General Court-martial*

Cowte^aniaf an<* Pre8^ent every District or Garrison Court-martial, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as may be, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time bein<r; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall he entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence (paying for the same at the Kate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial, if the same took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial: Provided also, that the Proceedings of District and Garrison Courts-martial need not be preserved after the Expiration of a Period of Twelve Years from the holding of the Court.

No Second XX. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be Trial, but liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same towed°n ftl" Offence; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, aud signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

Crimes punish- XXI. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal able with Death. Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land or upon the Sea,

shall

57

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine enlisted or in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XXII. No Judgment of Death by Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of Judgment of

the Officers present, being Members of the Court, shall concur therein. -Death.

XXIII. Whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been Commutation tried and convicted of any Offence punishable by Death shall not think the Offence peMd^ervi-deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according tude or other to the Degree of the Offence, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Punishment. Four Years: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have

been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Period hereinafter prescribed, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

XXIV. Every Officer and other Person employed or in any way concerned in the Care Embezzlement or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to Her Majesty's punishable by Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, wilfully

damage, steal, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, wilful Damage, or Theft of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks, if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under 'Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXV. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude here- As to Execu-tofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into ^c^of^renal execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be servitude in graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude Sentence of Death which shall the United have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure K*11^0111-upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or

more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer,

22 Vict. H and

<^.oooLe

22° VICTORIA, c.5.

and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXVI. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of .the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall, according to such Directions, undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the

same

59

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: Provided always, that in any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or if in the East Indies or out of Her Majesty's Dominions to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

•

XXVII. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

XXVIII. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment.

XXX. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

XXXI. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued

H 2 from

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former Good Conduct, and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service: In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the 6ame as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

Forfeiture of Pay on Con • viction of Desertion or Felony.

XXXII. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount, to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Sea or Field Service or for Good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any Sergeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

Forfeiture of XXXIII. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, Confhmnent • Aether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon

Service

'22° VICTORIA, c.5.

Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIV. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not

exceeding

61

or daring Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of Desertion or Absence without Leave; or when absent without Leave not exceeding Five Days.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty.

Stoppages.

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking

Deserters.

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.*

exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

XXXVI. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good—

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Doss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general Good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXVII. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or if in the East Indies for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

XXXVIII. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXIX. A

22° VICTORIA, c.5.

XXXIX. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XL. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XLI. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude or Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

XLII. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing or liable to Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, or elsewhere, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial or otherwise; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLIII. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the

Lord

63

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial

Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

Custody of Prisoners under Militai7 Sentence in Common Gaols.

64 22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine . for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in

that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Their Sub- XLIV. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-

sistence in up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall Common Gaols, an(] 8Upply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of sueh Place of Confinement is defrayed.

Expiration of XLV. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or in^CoJ^on114 °^ier Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Gaols. Reason to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or

upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, previously direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Ca$e he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed tp the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine and the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant-General of Her Majesty's

Navy

65

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

Navy the Sum of Two Shillings per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or 6ther Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid, shall for every such Misconduct or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Military Pri-Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in ^ puSshiog force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; Mutiny and and that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the "

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, be deemed there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, public Prisons, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

XLVII. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company Musters, and of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or ^e^usters. Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Rank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLVIII. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIX. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Trials for Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to ^b^uent Re-another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for enlistment, deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

L. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Apprehension Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or of Deserters. Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned 22 Vict. I County

Penalty on Marines straggling or attempting to desert from - Head Quarters.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

22° VICTORIA c. 5.

County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized aud required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth 'Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that sucn suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or if the Detachment be in the Colony, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding in the Colony a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

LI. For and in respect of any Marine straggling or attempting to desert from any Head Quarters who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

L1I. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby

required

67

22" VICTORIA, c. 5.

required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

LIII. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Irelandy by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

, I 2 LIV. Any

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony and certain Misdemeanors, or for Debts amounting to 30/. and upwards;

but not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty'8 Service for not maintaining their Families or for Breach of Contract.

22° VICTORIAE, c.5.

LIV. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LV. When there shall not be any Officer of Her [Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LVI. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process stating the Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but ho Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or othfer Authority whatsoever, or to be takep out of Iler Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summbns, Order, Warrant, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Maxine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, br for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parbl or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his superior Officer, and by Warrant under bis Hand discharge such [Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant,

who

69

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bond Jide Apprentices, duly bound under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

LYII. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LVIII. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

, LIX. Eyery Person who shall receive Enlisting Money (knowing it to be such') to serve in the Rpyal Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an JHon-compaissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a JVIajOTp in Hpr Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party phaRbq entitled tp be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first t^e Person offering to enlist whether he does or docs not belong to the Militia, and sbaj^withip Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money, cause to be taken dqwq^n Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and, if such Recruit shall nqi,re$ide in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place fdso.ftt which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that within Forty-eight flfours, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or, Gpod Friday not included,) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted may be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine he shall within Ninety-six Hours, (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included,) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such enlisting, unless he shall voluntarily have absented himself or absconded, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, not hgiqg an (^fuccr in the Marines, residing in the Vicinity of the Place or acting for the Division or District or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, or where the Quarters pf the Recruiting Party shall be stationed, and if such Recruit shall declare that he voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there in the Presence of the said Rpcruit record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereto; and the said justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read ov^ to such Recruit, the several Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to adniinister to such Recruit the Declaration and Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit, and no other Declaration or Oath, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fee for administering the Declaration and Oath

shall

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

70 22" VICTORIA, c, 5.

Dissent and Belief from Enlistment

Offences connected with Enlistment.

shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to make the Declaration and take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall make such Declaration and take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LX. Any Recruit so appearing before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and upon his repaying the Enlisting Money, and the full Amount of any Pay he may have received as a Recruit, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Recruit shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay all such Money and Pay as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice upon Proof to his Satisfaction that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto, and demanding the same: Provided also, that no Recruit who has actually, though erroneously, been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Cause thereof.

LXI. If any Recruit shall receive Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service and authorized to enlist Recruits, and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall after his Enlistment absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall at the Expiration of such Period of Ninety-six Hours be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having 60 enlisted, or that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were not taken down in Writing: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had so absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he shall be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, Division, District, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when

any

boogie

71

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed hi3 belonging or having belonged to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance,

Militia, or Navy, or the Forces of the late East India Company, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, and discharged, or to have deserted therefrom, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity, or designedly made any false Representation at or previously to the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oath, Declaration, and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed before or at the Time of receiving Enlisting Money, or before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws 7 & 8 G. 4. in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of c# 29‘ an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and 9 G. 4.c. 55. other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any attested Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished, or prosecuted, tried, and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continuance of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Declaration in the Schedule to this Act annexed made by the Recruit on his Attestation, and the Certificate signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as in the Declaration made by him; and Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment or Corps in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marine, or to the Forces of the late East India Company, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, that he designedly made any false Representation of any Particular contained in the said Oath, Declaration, and Certificates, or either of them, before the Justice at the Time of the Attestation of the Person being prosecuted, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled as a Volunteer under the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, or any subsequent Acts, to serve in the Militia, who at the Time of offering to enlist into Her Majesty's Forces,

Army, or Marines, or into Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or to enter into Her Majesty's Navy, shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve in the Militia, and who shall not have completed his Engagement by Attestation or by being entered on the Books of the Navy, shall upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days; and any Man enrolled as aforesaid who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or shall hereafter confess, to the Justice before whom he shall have been or shall be attested for the Army or Marine Forces, or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or who shall hereafter confess, on or after the Completion of his

Engagement

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

As to Be-enlistment abroad.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

22° VICTORIA c. 5:

Engagement to enter the Navy, that he belongs to the Militia, shall not be liable to Imprisonment for such Offence, but shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice of the United Kingdom, or before a Divisional or Naval Court of Inquiry, either upon hk own Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness* forfeit all Militia Bounty which would have become payable to him during the Period of his belonging to Her Myestv's Forces* Army, or Marines, or to Her Majesty's Indian Forces* or to the Royal Navy, if he had: not therein enlisted or entered, and be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day from his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of the Admiralty shall direct* or if enrolled in the Militia as a balloted Man or a Substitute shall, if convicted before any One Justice as aforesaid, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and abovo any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and such Person, whether he shall have been enrolled as a Volunteer or as a balloted Man: or Substitute, shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, be and serve as a Marine of the Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted or in the Navy into which he shall have entered: Provided also, that every such Person so enlisted shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in winch he has so enlisted, and shall be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, or, if he had entered the Navy, to the Law, Rules, Regulations, and Customs by which the Navy is governed, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines or from the Navy if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in the Marines or in the Navy as aforesaid.

LXII. Every Marine Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martini, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LXIII. ‘ And whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for re-enlisting

Marines abroad:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne, or on board of which any such Marine may be, to enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, if such Marine be considered by such Commanding Officer a fit Person to continue in Hfcr Majesty's Service, and every such Commanding Officer shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so rc-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

LXIV. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, And if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up tosbme Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

LXV. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the

Age

73

.22° V1CTORI2E, c. 5.

Age of Fourteen Years when bo bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the foil Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bo&nd,) and if in Scotland for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract orb Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse atnd sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that* any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty

Eayable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of

is being an Apprentice.

*

LXVI. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdietion such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of tJie Pprty, and that,such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Jjiptice, if, required,l?y such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender tq'the Commoq Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as,he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was prqyefl, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXVII. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying thci same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXVIII. No Person who shall for Six Months and upwards, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and be borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) shall be conclusive Evidence, or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, button the contrary* every such Person shall be deemed to have been legally and regularly astd properly enlisted nnd attested.

22 Vict. K LXIX. It

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without & Warrant.

Punishment of Apprentices enlisting.

Servants enlisting to be entitled to a Portion of their Wages.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.

74

Admiralty mi order Pay to be withheld.

Billeting of Marines.

22° VICTORIAS, c.5.

LXIX. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

LXX. ‘ And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the c quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore:' Be it enacted. That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Aamiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order qr Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all B&t and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay. and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with

another

75

22° VICTORIAE, c.5.

another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

LXXI. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days, when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Mead as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Non-commissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

LXXII. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High

K 2 Admiral,

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Supply of Carriages.

76

Kates for Carriages.

22° vmwnmj.<&

Admiral, or Two-or more of the Commissioners for execatiqg* the 6aid Office of Lord? High Admiral for the Time being, Or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of,a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Orders or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Qfficer or Non-oominissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to whiqi such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a, Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places, from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for tvhicfr Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warpnt shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured, within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be vajid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carnages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

LXXIII. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which nny Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggoh with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, ox any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland for every Hundred?-weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain -su6h further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpenbe, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, ns may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days, beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted,? the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Reoeq>ts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages,

and

77

22" VKaFGRI/E, c.a.

and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or CdnStable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Gttttt Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and hd Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ifyldhd consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Bate for every Htmd'r'edweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with riny less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile1 for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages vn Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service:

PWtvided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Jfiriepcface a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Realties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

LXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for Providing for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Supply of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, ^ac^^f&C' signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Emergency. Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer off Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions it Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the \said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the fttocuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, . but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same*

LXXV. It

Justices of Peace to direct Payment of Sums expended for Carriages, &c.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may depute Persons to sign Routes.

Exemption from Tolls.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or had

22° VICTORIA, c.5.

LXXV. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; audio Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

LXXVI. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVII. All Officers and Marines being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and tbeir Horses and Baggage, (but not when passing in any private or hired Vehicle,) and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid or their Baggage or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXVI1I. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of* his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

LXXIX. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the . Secretary

22° VICTORIA c.5.

Secretory of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of such Notification.

LXXX. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in auy such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britahi and Ireland, for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided, or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LX XXI. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take'upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ips° facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the

Case

79!

Conduct

Marines.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and . Carriages.

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

22° VICTOBiI Jp„ c. 5,

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &c. from any Marine.

Penalty on unlawfully recruiting.

Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Liceppe, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) pt any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater I,oad upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nOr less than Forty Shillings,

LXXXII. Every Marine Officer who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty^ Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters* shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIII. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting tor or on his Behalf, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Marine ;pr.Marine Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him tp be sqcb, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for Good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessfir ries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under .Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships* or hie or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammur nition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Diviripmu Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how lid or ^he came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Marie of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or bfe possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term hot exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any suoh Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby required to giant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Lawr.

LXXXIV. Every Person (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted,, or dispersed Bills for the

Purpose

81

22" VfCtyO$Iift,;c.-£.

Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Cohimiiisioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for e*er^ auch Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

i,,I<3E,X%V .: For the better Preservation of the Game (and Fish in or near Places where Penalty on any Office*;T*baU at any Time be quartered, every Officer who ehall, without Leave in Officers killing Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game*

Game or Fish withiji the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the £um of KVe Pounds \

i" .!: * . • ■

LXXXVL If any Action shall be brought against aiy Member or Members of a Court* Limitations martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act* dr of any ACt heretofore passed for of Actions, the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, aqdlt shrill be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action bow pgpdrag, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence OU the Trial; andif the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be triecj shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given toDefendants.

XXXXVII. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Recovery of Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act FeJaltie8* imposedj tfhaU and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place] where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and nil such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble V^ne, also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and 4¥*rdtd by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Y eat of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performances/ the Duties n & 12 Vict. <tf Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary 43, Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there eha]l not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Yeaiis of the Reign of Her Mqjesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the 11 & 15 Vict Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out r*93* of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offence^ committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of-the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in

22 YlCT. L Scotland,

Appropriation of Penalties.

5&6W.4. c. 7G.

Licences of Canteens.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settlement.

Administration of Oaths. Perjury.

22" VICTORIA, c. 5.

Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

LXXXVIII. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His 'late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXXXIX. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry, to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, 6r the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

XC. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

XCI. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court. v

XCH. All

22° VICTORIA, c. 5. 83

XCII. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be Definition construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions Terms-of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers* and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters,

Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall Marines not be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under to be billeted the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Hoas«a&c. Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

XCIII. ‘ And whereas it is expedient to make certain Alterations in the Forms of Alterations * Attestation prescribed by the several Statutes now in force relating to Enlistment:* It is hereby proviaed, That the Question directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits, as to their Willingness to serve as set forth in the Schedule annexed to the Statute Tenth and Eleventh Victoria, Chapter Sixty-three, intituled An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces, and in the Schedule to the several Acts heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, may be put in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIV. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of Duration of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One Act* thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey,

Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive.

L 2 SCHE-

^vfcHVMM/c.S

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

'U

■'it "I ? ■ H

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-Martial.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the' EVidence in the Master now before you. So help yow G OJD.

"VTOU shall duly administer Justice, according to the Buies and Articles for tbA better -*-• Government of H)er Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and- according to an,Actj- now in foroft for the Regulation of the said Forces-while on shore, without' Partiality, Flavour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the sajdArtJples or Act, according to your Conscience, the, best, of your Understanding, and the Custom of War iu the like Cases? And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court utitil It shall oe duly approved; neither shall you, upon, any Aocount, at any Time, whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, Sinlesi required to give Evidence therepf as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial. in a due Course of Law. ■ So help ^Ou GOD.

- - * V ■* ' rLl

... . _. i_1- .______:___i________« j

\t o

i ] X}r

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate!

.i 1:

- f.

T do swear, That 1 wili not, upon any Abbdiiit Wh^be^erl^dkfclose

or discover the Vote or Opinion of arty particular Member 6P ti>e Gonrt>-inaHbdl unless requirW to gfte Evidence thereof' as aWitness by a Court of Justioe o*a ,Cw#-pmrt^ in a due Course of Law; and that 1 witt nbt, unless it bd necessary for the duet^^charge of rm official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Cqurfr until if shall, be duly approved. . .

... i - .. ■ v , ,(T; 89iy^r&dr>.

1* f ' l* • { iwiilM'I

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode, or at the Place at which he stated that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Marine Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-feu*^ Hours after his Enlistment, the Hpurs of Sjunday* Christmas Day, or Good Friday not being counted.

.... [ZJa'^3,p,, 1

you enlisted with at f -v-4>5CI<jck*« . x \

on the Ar Day of 185 , for the Royal Marines,

and if you do not come forward'on or before o'Clock* on

the * for the Purpose of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be

attested, or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to bfe a Marine without. Attestation, and will be proceeded against as *. Deserter. ,( r r

r 'Siytibtur* of the Offiect or Naa-comm{s-\ . . I

sioned Officercommanding the Party J . t;

ir

Name of the Recruit^ Residing nt _,

:vr*

Vf i CT

Questions

riwi a-

Questions to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Nama? , , ....

* J ‘ , ].< f J: f ' *

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you born ?

3. What U/y<n».Jtgej?.i-' ..) ... .v(..

P*!, „ .. .. . .... ... , ,.v, yyj-

<4(.)^i»yoi^*icApprentice? ){>t, . ,; f *

Ate y cm married ? ,,. ..... ..... y ,,0 \\^T

(u ,‘tep^ated ,; or Ifrtdte y^ bvef beeh '-s^c^'tO'Fito; or htwre you any

to p im . / y ot- Disorder which impedes the free Use of ydor Limbs* ®t unfits you for

' 11 ? • ‘ * V'‘ " ‘ ■' " " '■ *‘i •• • - V: • '■

vlu^* ,Afpk|^ou ynijng/fo' be attested to serve iri the Roy aV Marine Forces for ffieiTerih io •/ ^ [£A?s Blank to bejilledupbythe Justice icltft ** Twelve Year#/'

Ip'T! 1 ' ^ ‘

such Further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of ihe Bay, and by whom, were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did*you enlist? >. ,: 5> ... tt, ,

^6^>lrJUf>Hw^y4¥ii to the fanner of your Enlistment ? f

Ski lyoai -noiw bekmg1 <to( the Militia,. or- jta theKayal Cx?^t yoluntfe^?1

85

JUTU ljuu Z owicu m mu llij , a'acu »uuo, viuuwivuj irximitx^ VI rrtlY^J'Vt

Majesty's Indian Forces, or in the Forces of the late East India Company?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service, or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or the Forces of the late East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ? '

sd ifoirfw tn trnlT vdi ih ■>«> t.. •■■. R ,,.f .. ^ r r .......... ,r- .•/

oavuM exit t«- -n.^ivorT /j .V(| .(j f*.;;V,, '

cul ^; .kjI1 DieixfcAYt&N to^e tnAdebya Ri&btoit *on A*tbM*atioh./ ^;

bstnr/oo )orr v.jlm i J, (-.T» o j > . . # .. r t ;f

T ,. ^ do decmre, That the abbve Questions have been separately put

* to' me, that the Answers thereto are the same that I gave, and are true.

Declared■ before me, _____________________________ A; v/i, r.t/

, Signature of Marine.

^SfaWtur*.faJwticc.,i.;

♦rfiiii-riil/ \iVJ<. 'A ;t h

!' T-.t . j

f 4:j< ‘t

ZiniiliiiA j.j * | ■ ■lT*:uTrt -11 O.iii;:  od tf £ V/ i'll- , i:

17777

" • J (*'j -'V v -j.( /: ~.x> I y* i.-.; 7 1 m?

OatIt to be tafcomibyaa Reohuit on Attestation.

T do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiahbe to Her Majesty, Hfef Hfcita - and Successors; and thhtT wilh **■?iuDuty boufld,^‘honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and SiicceBeoii, itt Perton, Cro>vn, and Dignity, against all Enemies,

# The Justice is directed, in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs ta<the Militia, and denies the Fact, _lt£ js liable to forfeit One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, and to Fourteen Days Imprisonment if he is not attested; and if he belongs to the Naval Coast Volunteers he is liable, under the Act Sixteenth imd Seventeenth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-three, to Imprisonment for Six Months, and his Enlistment will be null and Void. ';

and

8G

22° VICTORIA, c. 5;

and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD, f

Witness my Hand,   Signature of the Recruit

____________________________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and at o'Clock.

____________________________Signature of the Justice.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently.

Height, Feet, Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any Distinctive Mark.

1 ¥ One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit J A at do hereby certify. That the above is the Description

of the Recruit; and in my Presence all the foregoing Questions

were put to the said; that the Answers written opposite to them

are those which he gave to me; and that the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth Articles of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being

attested this Day; that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that [this Blank is to be supplied by the

Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence," or by the Words " the Place where he declares that he enlisted is within the Division, District, or Place for which I act," or by the Words " I am acting within the Division, District, or Place where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party is stationed/' as the Case may be], that I am not an Officer in the Marines, ancf that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

_________________________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

T do declare. That I anj at present [or was, as the Case may be,]

^ in the Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the

Day of for a Term of Ye&rs; that I am of the Age of Years;

and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with such Number of Years as shall be required to

complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me,______________________

_____________________ Signature of Marine.

__________________ __Signature of Witness.

Foubi

22° VICTORIA, c. 5.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded, of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a

and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade,

by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and

1

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 I One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit. J certify, That of came before me at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and , and

made Oath that he was by Trade a , and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of , for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did

on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the

said! without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and

Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

22° VIOTOHIJ:, c. 5.

Description Return of w ho wras apprehended [or surrendered himself,

as the Case mqybe] oq the Day of and was conpmitted to Confinement

sit<>1-‘ outlie l>ayof as Deserter from the Roy&l Marines. ,

A*\; • • ■ 1

Height - - - - - j * r.m. -; , n ' 1 i‘ ‘i- i ••••‘mi, -t - i t: - •> -i f Feet* Inches. 1 -. . ' „ f/

Complexion [ ..:

Hair r t . ^ - - T1 i ^ -

Eyes - -• . • - - -j [

Marks - - - -|

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where - j j.

Probable Date of Desertion, -and from what I Place •; - ;■ -j r

Name and Occupation and Address of J , the Person by whom apprehended -1 P::  ' ' " ■ .■ "; T

Particulars of the Evidence on which the . Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was appre-. tended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds - - -

• It is important for the Public Service# And for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be iuserted by the Magistrate in bis own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a

Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

■...■ >——Signature and Address of Magistrate.

■ ■ ■? ■ " -- Signature of Prisoner*

---—-------- Signature of Informant.

f Insert «* i$ H or « is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner and consider him J for Military Ser-

vice.

-----—--------- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit," as the Case be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness*

89

22° vtemm&jc.a.

•' ..... - 1 i- CAP. YI.

Ail Act to apply the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

[25th March 1859.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VXf E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United * * Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland., in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Deficiency in the Grants for the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight and One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, arc or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine-pence; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in anotner Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in vespect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

Vi It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

22 Vict. M VI. It

There shall be applied for the Service of the Years ending the 31st Day of March 1858 and 1859 the Sum of 1,222,383/.

6s. 9d. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 1,222,3831 8#. 9(L of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. L,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, See. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 1,222,3831 8s. 9d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. 8c M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Moneys raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1859 the Sum of 11,000,000/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

22? VICTORIA, c. 6; 7.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners pf Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in 6uch Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Miyesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of tho Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Suras of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue Of this Act, together with all such Interest as may^be due thereupon.

CAP. VII.

An Act to apply the Sura of Eleven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

[25th March 1859.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VI/'E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Conimons of the United . * ^ Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-aftcr mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of Eleven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, arc or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

JI. It

,22" VICTOR!;®, e 7.

91

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time The Treasury to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills "qoooooJ. of to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Exchequer Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eleven Millions; and such Ex-'Bills to be chequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and accord- ]^^erUpr^ ing to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed scribed by in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Mqjesty King George the Third, Chapter 48 G. 3. c. 1, One, and in anotner Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and * ts^ud 4 Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, 5 & evict, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years c- 66. of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

IIL All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages,-Penalties> Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IY. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in, respect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

Y. It shall and may'be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum 01 Eleven Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 11,000,000/. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Moneys raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become Bffl®made due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the grow- oj^the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ing Produce of in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time un *

being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in \he Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

M 2

02 2*" VlfflOBIfflJ 'i. 8;®.

'.-IJ .1. Xlj U

CAP. VUI.

\r f.ir

-;*

An Act to rejteal the Thirty-secttid^ Section of the Act1 " for the more tksy " QfyoVery of Small D^bts and Demands in England^ anjd toi make fairer Provision m Ken thereof: ' s; [$$tb March. 1&S&]

* -;\ll^'HBrBlBAS It k provided by theThirty-secoudSeot^ Act! }kw8e4‘5n ithe

V»lYT:*i 8eebi« of Pa^liamQiit boklcn in tfai Nintlar and Tenth Year* of flei^M*f«ty*, '.Ghripier Ninetyvftrev that* -a«tiL(ParHament sVnild otherwise dii^cfet, theiffi^h BatUiTof *' Westminstershould'bare.'die of all'Process issumg out of ray of tfoe Courts

‘ holden kinder that Aot tbe-Jiirisdiction of which sbouldindude theCity andLiberty of f Wettmijuterovony Parfcthetfeof^aad shouid te deenjed tht High Baittfftof subh Gogrtf, ' and the High BxdKff of Soutkumhk ohoidd hirvo the £«cution ofall-ProoeoB issuing oat of ' any of the said Courts the Jurisdiction of which should include the Borough of Sottthviiapk ' or any Part thereof, an<l .should be deemed, the High Bailiff of such last-meiUioped ' Courts^ and no , other High Bailiff sh6uld be appointed for such Courts: And wnere^ ' under the Provisions of tjje sriid Aqt a Court vw established, ai\d called the Westminster f County Court of Middlesex, and the High Bailiff, of Westminster Jjad the Execution, of all ' Process which issued jthefceout, and was deemed tjhe Hi^hBailiff thereof, and another ' Court was established, and Called the SoutJiwarkCounty Court of Surrey^ and the Hig^i ' Bailiff of Southwark had the Execution of all Process which issued thereout, and was ' deemed the. Hi A Baityf ^hereof; Atid yrhereas the ^er^g.-for^bpse 1#ie}*aid

' (lhir{y-sepond^S^tfon was. exacted are de<^i^, and, it ia expedient .tb^Pw^iota ' made ^y.ParHam^t for ^the, Pf.rfprmapoe, of. the JDuties of the, jQffice tff. .High '.these. Courts'by Person who will be,able ta ajevpte theii? whole Tinie thsrfito}' Bpj # enacted by tjj^ Queen's most Excellent Majesty, byand with the Advice and jCopse^t pf the Lords SpirituaJ and Temporal, mid Commons, hi this present Parliamjept assembled^ apd by the Authority of the same, ^ foliojvfs , y , . , - ,  ,: A,

Seciiort of J. The Thirty-second Section of the $2*id Act is hereby repealed, and on the j^assmg of c. w°i^peaied, this Act aujr Person who may be deemed to be the High Bailor of either of the §aid CJourts, and other Pro* tnidcr the Previsions cf* -the' >iid: Section, shulf 'cease ,t6 be deenied and to be the H^A visions mode Bailiff of'flit saM Court; arid High BriiUffk for the We&minster County Cotirt of MMdhsb

ments ot^Tigh aml the 8&u\(iuktrft Coritity Courtof1 Surreyrespectively/and Tor any other Courts nolden BaHiffs of under tb£T fcaidAdt ^Of :which the Hi^ te^Hffe of Wcrtmrnstfr mdi Southwark respectively Wr^1,Tter v ^ouldbave'beeri deemed High Bailiffs under the said Section/shall bp from Tube to Tirrie an ut war . , imd 6h&l b^ liable tobe rebioved, in the same Manrier as fcoiv by La\Vprovided

conceruirig the Appointment and ltemova! of the High Bailiffs of other Qourts hblden under the said recited Act.

^ss^jjssSsssssssseisis^ssssssss^siiS!

' Q A('P.'‘A IX. • •:

An Act to effect fin Exchange of Ecclesiastical Patronage between Her Majesty the Queen and Miss Sophia Broadley. [25th Mutch 185&]

‘ V\71IEREAS the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of the Crown is seised or ‘ - T . entitled to Herself, Her Heirs qnd Suncessqca, of or to /the perpetual Advowson ‘ ‘ of the Vicarage of JV^ltonrujith-^felton in the Archdeaconry, of thet East Riding of YarA-

‘ shir6 and Diocese of York, which Living is of the yearly Value of Five hundred and ‘ eighty-five Pounds: And whereas Sophia of in the County of

4 York,Spinster, is seifeed in h^r Demesne as of Fee to her and her Heirs of the perpetual

• *• Advowson of the Rectory Of Ecton in the County of Northampton and Diocese of Pcttr-borwuyhi which Living is of the yearly Valile of Seven hundred Pounds: And whereas ‘ the yearly Value of nie daid Rectdry ofi Ecton being greater than the yearly Value of the ‘ said Vicatiage of Welttm-wilh-Metion, the said Sophia Broadley has proposed to gtfe to i ‘ ‘Her

.<22* VIOTOftl®} L'U

f Her Majesty the Advowson of the said Jiectpjry of Ecton in exchange for the Advowson ‘ of the said Vicarage of Welton-with^Metton, atid as the proposed Exchange, by reason of V;alu£ .of th^aaid^cftpy*Qf bo other^ow#,

! Kejerena TJiontqs. Lord Archbishop of York, the Uiocesan of the qaid, Vicaroge ot freipn-fc '\titn-Mhltoh, and the Right Reverend George Lord Bishop of the Diocesan

6ik>f nlJutmidr Rector^ -of-Ect*it*,consent >to. rt&d'l prdpoeedExebaqge: And' wtferehfe fhgre being/'no Provision h/y <Lawf ft*. the Eftcbtage iofn J&fafesiaBtkol Phtrdnage < between Her T; Mi^erfty Cd^dd dub right of Her Ctown «®d any oft (Her1 (Mnjentyf'a i Subjects, rooh Es^hdnge (hcannot ibe effeoted whhoirt the Aid and' Aiithority of Parlhanent: < Mayit'therfcfceepliise f > Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;<? and be it emitted by the 'Qheenls nraist GxoeUehf ^Majestyii by amd with! the Adrfcdrimd iGanfiehfti of- the Lords Bpiritdiai and Temporal, dnd (Goraanm** in £his> ptdsent Eariiameiit abaembled^i arid by the Ailthbrity <of thfe stale, aa 'u j ..if :•;•<<! !>* .f  ,:.[■) v. I. >.i' -‘-.i- > J ■■ !': • . •: /'

• . . •». I . * I r 1 , < { r t < , 'i .fi ... ,M . . V

of

m

apd

jfMbtpn apd Diocese of Peterborough sjialj become and ^ ^he Property sn^J^st^to. of Veiled in 'Der Majesty tjie Qjieen, Her Heira/ahd .$i^esso^89 fof freed

Xini*.ill-- from^H, Claims and perpands \yhaJsoever by pr^' b^^l^o^t^e/aagji,Sophia

rs or Assigns,

Iff; I'

/.I hi'ii

pet mil A<lv<

i^jTme h^r^ajftey be; evicted from .the spi(l Ad

. 1 "th^* .-^adsMfg bf this Act, thp ^pc/petcud AilvdWsOir, f)bh!iti6h/^ight of

Patrd^a^d a^id Presentation df, id, add toithe Vicarage of, JPeUdn-riifa-^ the Arch-

tyearotify bFrthe Ea$t Bidibg of 'Yditkshtf* attd"J5iocete of York shan bc^me^' and lie ‘the ^i^erty^ahif Tlst^e^.ofbfe Vested itt the said Soplifa broadley dha jteir Heirs/and rihe &ha3f d,hbMiporf by virtup of this Act be and becbme seised 'thereof in liet Demesne as nof *Ffe*Hd Hdri her'Vtdh^ and Assigas, freed arid' dfechhrgpd frorn all Tf tle^ Claim,' or' P^eftjandt whatsoever for or on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs oir Successors " - ;< t Ti

♦  .; ,M V i'O't ^ I.;v-‘0--‘M;:kiT nH .1

jr, H^r Hejrsp iSnooeasprs^Qr 5 Aligns,, shall t -1. , ,, , . . ... ..; ^VOtW^n,0^ though

rW® ^th9retQ,/t^9n H,er:Mftj^JI>

^ Successors, or ;Atsigns,r-#wlk .^h^jPossessipp [and

^m^pien(t oft the sa^ i^vowson* 9f Her and their formefo Estate

Ip*api ample ^Mapner .af f|f this Act had apt bepn passed, together wjith idl ^pOT^ptafrops ^nd Additions vv^icli subsequently ^o.the passing ^ th^ Aat fbftll haye bepn living of ,- pr^v^upiy to the, Adypwsion thereof so

reverting to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors. r7 ] ^; t

IV. Provided also, That if the said Sophia Broadley, her Heirs or Assigns, shall at any Time hereafter be evicted from the- seid AfeogooiL oi-Welton-with-Melton through any Defect in the Title of Her Majesty thereto, then and immediately thereupon the said Sophia Broadley, her Heirs or Assigns, shall be remitted and restored to the Possession and Enjoyment of the said Advowson/>f Ectqn $s of;, her and their former Estate, and in as full and ample a Manner as if this Act had not been passed, together with all Augmentations Alid> Aflfrtiohi which' snbsiWft^ftfly kd the pHSsihg‘4f Wiis Act' shall IVhvfe^^ ifeCn iidd/to Wie ;a*ldTjiviog M JEfc^oa previously to the Advowson thereof sp reverWng to the baid Sophia

^er. H^irf °^A.885gns- ..;;w:, . {

V. ' fa th» Act conftuned shall disturb or ]7rejtidlci^lIy aflfect thC present In-

^mbe^t8 of| the feaid Koctdry w Vicftrjigte respCctiVel/in the E^yment bf ihefr* respective JIhciAtib<enci4s. 1; 7 -r:;T " ■^ \:' :r *

; Saying alw^* to all Persons, Bodies Politic and. Corporate, and- their respective jBjcir^, Successore,. Executors, Admni&i&oifo (other than the Queen s most-ExceUent MHefra qnd^Siweesp^ the ■ &pd Sophi# ExmttCrs,

AastgnP) th^ Lord AxchpUtopbf J^A^ ferever^ imd

tnAIford BjshQp. of P^ioroi^y^ S^ppessoi^ for e?er,) all suohEstate Bight, Title, ji Interest,

Advowson of Rectory of Ecton vested in Her Majesty.

Advowson of Vicarage of Welton-with-Melton vested in Sophia Broadley.

If Her. ilajes^y fvicted froin . Adyowtion ofr Ec^m,th«! Advowson of \Velton to , revest in Bef«

If Miss Broad-ley evicted from Advowson of Wei ton the Advowson of Ecton to revest in her.

Act not to affect present Incumbents.

General

Saving.

94 22° VICftO ltlM >c. 9- 10.

Interest, Trust, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Advowsons and other Premises hereby respectively vested and settled as aforesaid respectively, as they pr any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could have had in case this Act had not been passed.

Form of Affirmation to be made by Quakers and other Persons by Law permitted to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath as in 21 & 22 Vict c. 48.

The Name of the SoYtreign for the Time being to be substituted for the Name of Her Majesty.

CAP. X.

An Act to settle the Form of Affirmation to be made in certain Cases by Quakers and others Persons by Law permitted to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath. [8th April 1859.]

c Ilf HERE AS it is expedient to alter the Form of Affirmation to be taken by Persons c T of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers and by other Persons by Law permitted

* to make a solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of taking an Oath in the Cases herein-‘ after mentionedBe it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons^ in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Instead of the Form of Affirmation directed to be made and subscribed by Persons of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers and other Persons by Law permitted to make a solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of taking an Oath in and by an Act of the Twenty^second Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to substitute One Oath for the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration; and for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion, every Person of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, and every other Person now by Law permitted to make his solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of taking an Oath, shall be permitted to make his solemn Affirmation in the following Words; namely,

* T A.B. do solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm, That I will be faithful and ‘ * bear true Allegiance to Queen Victoria, and to Her will be faithful against all

* Conspiracies and Attempts whatever which shall be made against Her Person, Crown, or \ Dignity; and I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to Queen

* Victoria, Her Heirs and Successors, all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies which 1 shall € know to be forjned against Her or Them; and I will bo true and faithful to the Succession

* of the Crown, which Succession, by an Act intituled " An Act for the further Limitation ‘ "of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject," is and stands ‘ limited to the Princess Sophia Electress of Hanover, and the Heirs of Her Body being ‘ Protestants, hereby utterly renouncing and refusing any Obedience or Allegiance unto ‘ any other Person claiming or pretending a Right to the Crown of this Realm; and I ‘ do declare that no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate hath or ought to ‘ have any Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, Pre-eminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or ‘ Spiritual, within this Realm

And the making and subscribing of such Affirmation by a Person herein-before authorized to make and subscribe the same shall have the same Force and Effect as the taking and subscribing by other Persons of the Oath appointed by the said Act of the Twenty* second Year of Her present Majesty.

II. Where in the Affirmation hereby appointed the Name of Her present Majesty is expressed or referred to, the Name of the Sovereign of this Kingdom for the Time being, by virtue of the Act "for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the " Rights and Liberties of the Subject," shall be substituted from Time to Time, with proper Words of Reference thereto.

; 22° VICTORJjjE, c. H. 95

CAP. XI.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of to raise Money in the United Kingdom fof the Service of the Government of India.

[8th April 1859-]

* WHEREAS, in consequence of the recent Disturbances in India, it is expedient that

* the Secretary of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise Money in the

€ United Kingdom on the Credit of the Revenues of IndiaBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council of India, at any Time or Power to the Times before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or, if Secretaryof Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to raise in cifcffIndiato" the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India any Sum or Sums of raise any Sum Money not exceeding in the whole Seven Millions as herein-after provided. seven Mlmons

II. It shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State in Council from Time to Time to Money may borrow upon Bonds to be issued under the Hands of Three Members of the Council ofbeTaisedon India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India, or One of his Under Secrc-taries or his Assistant Under Secretary, all or any Part of the Money hereby authorized to Thre^Hem-be raised as aforesaid; such Bonds to be for sueh respective Amounts, payable after such bersofthe Notice, and at such Rate or Rates of Interest as the said Secretary of State in Council may 9°"nciJof think fit In(ba'&c-

III. For raising all or any Part of the Money by this Act authorized to be raised which When Money may not be borrowed on Bond as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State not borrowed in Council to issue from Time to Time Debentures under the Hands of Three Members of benuires'inay the said Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective Amounts, and at such be issued. Rate or Rates of Interest, as the said Secretary of State in Council may think fit; such Debentures to be issued at or for such Prices and on such Terms as may be determined by the said Secretary of State in Council.

IV. All Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a Time or Times to be mentioned in such Debentures respectively; and the Interest on all Such Debentures shall be payable half-yearly, on such Days as shall be mentioned therein; and the Principal Moneys and Interest secured by such Debentures shall be payable at the Treasury of the said Secretary of State in Council in London.

V. All or any Number of the Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act, and Debentures all Right to and in respect of the Principal Moneys secured thereby, and all Interest transferable by due and accruing thereon, shall be transferable either by the Delivery of such Debentures ^ °r respectively, or, at the Discretion of the Secretary of State in Council, by Deed.

VI. The whole Amount of Principal Moneys to be secured by Bonds or Debentures, or by Bonds and Debentures, to be issued under this Act, shall not exceed Seven Millions, and no Money shall be raised or secured under the Authority of this Act after the said Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or, if Parliament be then sitting, after the End of the then Session of Parliament, save for or upon the Repayment of Principal Moneys previously secured under this Act, as herein-after provided.

VIL Upon or for the Repayment of the Principal Money secured under the Authority P°wer £ iwfoe of this Act, or any Part of such Money, the said Secretary of State in Council may at any pa^ent of Time borrow or raise by Bonds or Debentures as aforesaid all or any Part of the Amount Principal of Principal Money repaid or to be repaid, and so from Time to Time, as all or any Part of Moneys, any Principal Money for the Time being secured under this Act may require to be repaid; but the Amount to be secured by new Securities shall not in any Case exceed the Principal Money required to be repaid.

vm. ah

The whole Amount secured by Bonds, &c. not to exceed Seven Millions.

As to Payment of Principal and Interest on Debentures.

96 22° VICTORIA, c.ll, 12.

Securities to be YIII. All Bonds and Debentures to be issued under this Act, and the Principal: Moneys

charged on and Interest thereby secured, shall be charged on and payable out of the Revenues of

I d^!"ue8 0 India, in like Manner as other Liabilities incurred on account of the Government of the

said Territories.

»

Provision as IX. The Provisions contained in Section Four of the Act of the Session holden in the foi^Stom08111011 an^ Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, with respect to the Duties on In- Composition and Agreement for the Payment by the East India Company of an annual dia Bonds ex- Sum in lieu of Stamp Duties on their Bonds, and the Exemption of their Bonds from Stamp Bonds and Duties, shall be applicable with respect to the Bonds and Debentures to be issued under the Debentures Authority of this Act, as if such Provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference under this Act. thereto.

Forgery of Debentures to be punishable as Forgery of East India Bonds.

Returns to be annually prepared of Moneys raised on Loan, &c., and presented to Parliament.

Saving Powers of the Secretary of State in Council.

X. All Provisions now in force in anywise relating to the Offence of forging, or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India Bond, with Intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any Debenture issued under the Authority of this Act, as well as to and in respect of any Bond issued under the same Authority.

XI. Provided always, That on or before the First Day of February in each Year the said Secretary of State in Council shall prepare or cause to be prepared a Return of all Moneys raised on Loan under the Provisions of this Act; also a Return of all Stocks, Loans, Debts, and Liabilities then chargeable on the Revenues of India at home and abroad, up to the latest Period of Time to which such Return can be made out: That all such Returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or before the First Day of February in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting; and if Parliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented within Ten Days of the First Meeting of Parliament after the First Day of February in each Year.

XII. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any Power of raising or borrowing Money vested in the said Secretary of State in Council at the Time of the passing thereof.

Powers of

17 & 18 Vict, c. 67. and

18 & 19 Vict, c. 117. extended to Rights of Common, &c. over any Lands the Soil of which is vested in the Secretary of State for War.

CAP. XII.

An Act to make further Provision for the Purchase of Common and other Rights by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and in relation to Land vested in or taken by such Secretary of State.

[8th April 1859.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Powers now vested in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department under the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-seven, and the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Seventeen, for the Purpose of ascertaining, making, and paying Compensation for and extinguishing all Rights of Common, Commonable and other Rights, in, over, or affecting Lands the Soil of which has been purchased by the principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance under the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, or has been or may be purchased by the said Secretary of State under the last-mentioned Act and the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, shall extend to all Rights of Common, Commonable and other Rights, in, over, or affecting any Lands the Soil of which is for the Time being vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her

4.

22? VICTOR?*/c. 12. 9?

Majesty* andull the Pixwieions of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years *f Her Majesty shall apply , to and in the Case of the Purchase of such Rights as aforesaid in oroves aity such Lands as last aforesaid in like Manner as such Provisions are apphcable to and in the Case of the Purchase of such Rights in or over any Lands purchased as therein, mentioned*

V II. Conveyances of Land in England and Ireland to be purchased by the said Secretary of Conveyances State may be according to the Form in the Schedule (A) to this Act, or as near thereto as ^t|^c^ar3r the Circumstances of the Case admit, and all Conveyances so made shall be effectual to vest of Load the Land thereby conveyed in the said Secretary of State and his Successors, and shall in England operate to bar and destroy all such Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Remainders,

Reversions, Limitations, Trusts, and Interests whatsoever of and in the Land comprised in ,n *' ' such Conveyances as have been purchased or compensated for by the Consideration given on the Purchase, but this Enactment shall not ia any wise interfere with or affeot Section Eight of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty.

III. Feus and Conveyances of Lands and Heritages in Scotland to be purchased by the said Secretary of State may be according to the Form in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case admit, which Feus and Conveyances being duly executed and being registered in the Particular Register of Sasines kept for the CeuntyrBurgh, or District in which the Lands and Heritages are locally situated, or in the General Register of Sasines for Scotland kept at Edinburgh, within Sixty Days from the last Date thereof, which the respective Keepers of the said ^Registers are hereby authorized and required to do, shall give and constitute a good and undoubted Right, and complete and valid feudal Title in all Time coming, to the said Secretary of State and his Successors, to the^ Lands and Heritages therein described or referred to and intended to be thereby conveyed, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary for the said Secretary of State to record in any Register of Sasines any Feus or Conveyances in their Favour which shall contain a Procuratory of* Resignation or Precept of Sasine, or which may be completed by Infeftment; and the Title of the said Secretary of State under such last-mentioned Feus or Conveyances shall be regulated by the ordinary Law of Scotland until the said Feus or Conveyances or the Instruments of Sasine thereon shall have been recordecHir a* Register of Sasmes; provided also, that the Rights and Titles to be granted in manner herein mentioned in and to any Lands and Heritages in Scotland shall, unless otherwise specially provided for, in nowise affect or diminish the Right of Superiority in the same, which shall re mam entire in the Person granting such Rights and Titles; but in the event of such Lands and Heritages being a Part or Portion of other Lauds and Heritages held by the same Owner under the same Titles, the said Secretary of State, his Successors and Assigns, shall not be liable for any Fen Duties or Casualties to the Superiors thereof, or be bound to enter with the said Superiors.;

IY. The Proviso at the End of Section Nineteen of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Provision as Years of Her Majesty shall not extend to prevent the Erection of Barracks on any Lands on

taken as therein mentioned, and being within any Fortress or Garrison Town or appurvcompu]^riiy. tenant to any Fortification, or to prevent any Buildings on any such Lands being used as or for Barracks.

V. Where any Lease or Agreement of or concerning Land in England vested in the said Recovery of-Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty is determined by Expiration, Notice, or For-feiture (except for Nonpayment of Rent), Possession of such Land may be recovered by qj: from g

on behalf of the said Secretary of State under the Act of the Session hefiden in the First and Tenants. Second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, as in Cases therein provided for, i & 2 Vict, although the Term or Interest of the Lessee or Tenant may have exceeded Seven Years, and c- 74* the Rent may have exceeded the Rate of Twenty Pounds a Year, or such Possession may be recovered with Rent or Mesne Profits, or both, under the Act of the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, as in 19 & 20 Vict. Cases provided for in Section Fifty of such Act, and other Provisions auxiliary thereto, ^ 108, although the Value of the Premises and the Rent which may have been payable in respect 22 Vict. N ■#— thereof

Conveyances to the Secretary of State for War of Land in Scotland, as in Sched. (B.)

Recovery of Possession of Land in Ireland from Tenants.

14 & 15 Vict c. 57.

14 & 15 Vict c. 92. s. 15.

Nothing to lessen Powers of Secretary of State for War.

Construction of " Secretary of State."

22"' VICTORIAE, c. 12:

thereof may have exceeded Fifty Pounds by the Year; and in proceeding under the said Act of First and Second Years of Her Majesty for Recovery of Possession of any Land which may have been holden under any such Lease or Agreement as aforesaid, the Notice of Intention to apply to Justices to recover Possession may require such Possession to be given on or before the Expiration of Seven clear Days from the Service of the Notice, and the Form of Notice shall be varied accordingly; and the Justices by the said Act authorized to issue a Warrant for giving Possession of the Premises may by such Warrant authorize the Entry and Delivery of Possession of the Premises, either forthwith or on or before such Day as the Justioes may think fit to name; and in proceeding under the said Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty for the Recovery of Possession as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to prove the yearly Value and Rent as thereby required.

VI. When any Lease or Agreement of or concerning Land in Ireland vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty is determined by Expiration, Notice, or Forfeiture (except for Nonpayment of Rent), Possession of such Land may be recovered by or on behalf of the said Secretary of State either as provided by Section Seventy-two'of the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, in the Case of Lands holden by a Tenant at a Rent not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and the Tenant's Interest wherein is determined, notwithstanding the Rent payable under such Lease or Agreement may exceed that Amount, and the Provisions of the said Act shall be applicable accordingly, or as provided by Section Fifteen of " The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851," for the Recovery of Possession of Houses in certain Towns and Villages; and such last-mentioned Provision shall be applicable in all Cases to the Recovery of Land in Ireland holden under any such Lease or Agreement as aforesaid where such Lease or Agreement is determined as aforesaid, wherever such Land may be situate, and at and for whatever Rent and Term the same may be holden; and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the said Provision, the Justices authorized to issue a Warrant for giving Possession may by such Warrant authorize such Possession to be given forthwith, or on or before such Day as the Justices may think fit to name, and may, if they think fit, issue such Warrant notwithstanding the Tenant may be wiling to give such Undertaking as therein mentioned.

VII. Nothing in this Act shall extend to take away, lessen, or prejudice any Powers, Rights, or Authorities which would or might have been vested in or exercised by the said Secretary of State if this Act had not been passed.

VIII. In the Construction of this Act the Style or Title " Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department," and any Expression referring to such Secretary of State, shall mean Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Time being to whom Her Majesty shall think fit to intrust the Seals of the War Department.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Conveyance.

I of in consideration of the Sum of

paid to me by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, do hereby convey to the said Secretary of State, and his Successors, all the Lands and Hereditaments set forth in the Schedule hereto, together with all Ways, Rights, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same as I am or shall become seised or possessed of, or am by Law empowered to convey, to hold the Premises to the said Secretary of State and his Successors for ever on behalf of Her Majesty.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, the Day

of in the Year of our Lord

The Schedule:

SCHE-

99

22° VICTORIA, c. 12, 13.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Conveyance. ' ' 1

I , of in consideration of the Sum of

Pounds paid tome by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Wflr department, do hereby sell, alienate, dispone, convey, assign, and make over from me, piy Heirs and Successors, to the said Secretary of State, and his Successors for ever, all the Lands and Heritages set forth in the Schedule hereto, together with all Rights and Pertinents thereto belonging, and all such Right, Title, and Interest in and to the same as I and my aforesaids are or shall become possessed of or are empowered to convey [here insert the Condition (if any) of the Conveyance, and a Registration Clause for Preservation and Diligence, and a Testing Clause, according to the Form of the Law in Scotland],

The Schedule:

jii: •

VV:f>* ,.u ^ ..H 1

CAP. XIII.

Ata Act to amend the Law concerning Patents for Inventions with respect to V'lhVfeptiOns for Improvements in Instruments and Munitions of War.

....v. :;, [su> Apni ims.]

5»'i yj;

C in some Cases of Inventions for Improvements in Instruments or Muni-

ofWai* it ihay be important to the Public Service that the Nature of the ‘-Tilvention shbtrld not be published, and it is therefore expedient to amend the Law ‘ ^jcoiicemlng Letters Patent for InventionsBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent M&jfesty, by and Witli the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

: I. Any Invfentor of any Improvement in Instruments or Munitions of War, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Inventor, may, for valuable Consideration or v[itbout,pssign to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, on^behalf of Her Majesty, all the Benefit of the Invention, and of all Letters Patent obtained or to be obtained for the same, and such Secretary of State may be a Party to the Assignment, and such Assignment shall be effectual to vest the Benefit of such Invention and of such Letters Patent in the said Secretary of State for the Time being, on behalf of Her Majesty, at Law and in Equity; and the Benefit of such Invention and of such Letters Patent shall be deemed Property acquired by the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty; and all Covenants and Agreements contained in such Assignment for giving full Effect thereto, and for keeping the Invention secret, and otherwise in relation thereto, shall be valid and effectual (notwithstanding any Want of valuable Consideration), and may be enforced and proceeded upon by the said Secretary of State for the Time bfcibg accordingly, and all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings in relation thereto may be in^tmed arid conducted by such Secretary of State for the Time being, who shall have all sbtSh Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives in relation thereto as by Law provided in the Case of Actions, Suits, and Proceedings concerning Property under his Care, Control, and Disposition,

II. The foregoing Enactment shall extend to render valid and effectual, and be otherwise applicable to and in respect of any such Assignment as aforesaid made before the passing of this Act, and the Covenants and Agreements contained in such Assignment, as well as any such Assignment to be made thereafter, and the Covenants and Agreements therein contained.

N 2

III. Where

Improvements in Instruments or Munitions of War may be assigned by Inventors to Secretary of State for War.

Foregoing Enactment to extend to Assignments already made.

Secretary of State for War may certify to Commissioners of Patents that the Invention should be kept secret.

Where the Secretary of State for War has so certified, Petition for Letters Patent, &c. to be left ■with the Clerk of the Patents in a Packet under Seal of Secretary of State.

Such Packet to be kept so sealed, or under the Seal of the . Commissioners.

Such sealed Packet to be delivered, on Demand, to Secretary of State, or by Order of Lord Chancellor.

At the Expiration of Letters Patent sealed Packet to be delivered to Secretary of State. Where Secretary of State certifies after filing of Petition, Documents already filed to be put into a sealed Packet.

Copy of Specification. &c. nM to b? sent to Scotland or Ireland, or published, but

22° VlCfOttiJ®, 143:

III. Where any such Assignment as aforesaid has been made to the said Secretary 6f State, he may, at any Time before the filing of the Petition for the Grant of Letters Patent for the Invention, or after the filing of such Petition and before Publication of the Provisional Specification (if any), if he think it for the Benefit of the Public Service that the Particulars of the Invention, and of the Manner in which the same is performed, should be kept secret, certify the Fact of such Assignment having been so made, apd hia Opinion to the Effect aforesaid, in Writing under his Hand to the Commissioners of Patents for Inventions.

IV. Where the said Secretary of State certifies as aforesaid the Petition for Letters Patent for the Invention, the Declaration accompanying such Petition, and the Provisional Specification or Complete Specification (as the Case may be) filed or left therewith, and any Specification to be filed in pursuance of the Condition of any Letters Patent for such Invention, and all Disclaimers and Memoranda of Alterations to be filed in relation to such Letters Patent, and any Drawings accompanying any of the Documents aforesaid, and any Copies of any such Documents or Drawings, or, where the 6aid Secretary of State so certifies after the said Petition has been filed, such of the said Documents and Drawings as may be filed after his so certifying, and the Copies thereof shall, in lieu of being filed or left in the ordinary Manner in the Office of the Commissioners, or in the Office appointed for that Purpose under " The Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852," be delivered to the Clerk of the Patents in a Packet sealed with the Seal Of the said Secretary of State.

V. Such Packet shall at all Times after the Delivery thereof to the Clerk of the Patents,

until the Expiration of the Term or anyextended Terra for which Letters Patent for the Invention may be granted, be kept by Turn sealed up as aforesaid, or under the Seal of the Commissioners, save when it may be necessary to have Access to the Documents therein contained, or any of them, for the Purpose of recording and endorsing the Day of the filing thereof, or for the Purpose of any Reference to One of the Law Officers, either in relation to the same or any other Invention; but in any such Case as aforesaid the Clerk ,of tjie Patents shall not part with the Care or Custody of the said Packet, or any of the (said Documents, save as may be required by One of the Law Officers for the Purposes of any such Reference, and shall use such Precautions as may be necessary to prevent the Counts or Particulars of any such Documents being improperly disclosed. * ^

VI. Such sealed Packet shall be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of any such Letters Patent to the 6aid Secretary of State, or to any Person having Authority to receive the same on his Behalf, on Demand in Writing under the Hand of the said Secretary of State, or to such Person as the Lord Chancellor may order, and shall, if and when the same is returned to the Commissioners, be again sealed up and kept under Seal as aforesaid.

VII. Such sealed Packet as aforesaid shall, at the End of the Term or extended Term for which any Letters Patent for the Invention to which the Documents in such Packet relate, be delivered up to the said Secretary of State or to any Person having Authority to receive the same on his Behalf.

VIII. Where the said Secretary of State certifies as aforesaid after the filing of,the Petition, and before the Publication of the Provisional Specification (if any), each Petition, and the Declaration accompanying such Petition, and the Provisional Specification and Drawings relating to the Invention which may have been filed or left in any such Office as aforesaid, and all Copies thereof in any such Office, shall be forthwith placed in a Packet sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners; and every such Packet shall be subject to all the Provisions of this Act concerning any sealed Packet delivered to the Clerk of the Patents.

IX. No Copy of any Specification, or other Document or Drawing by this Act required to be kept under. Seal, shall be transmitted to Scotland or Ireland, or be printed, published, or sold, or be open to the Inspection of the Public; but, save as in this Act otherwise directed, the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852, and any Act amending

the

22?.WC'fQfclfl!,}t :/13tJ4.

101

itb«3Mne, sha)l extend and, applicable to and in respect of every such Specification and otherwise Pro-other Pocamenti and Drawing as fifor^eaid, and the Letters Patent and Invention to which to*'

the satne relates, and this Act and the Patent Law Amendment Act, 11352, shall be construed appiy. together aa One Act.

X. It shall not he lawful for any Person to take Proceedings by Scire facias or otherwise No Scire facias to repeal any Letters Patent for any Invention in relation to which the said Secretary of to ^ bron8ht-State has certified as aforesaid.

Secretary of

. XI .: The Secretary of State may, at any Time by Writing under his Hand, waive the State may Benefit of this Act with respect to any particular Invention, and the Documents and ^ofVhis Ac** Matters relating thereto shall be thenceforth kept and dealt with in the ordinary Way. as respects any

Invention.

XII. The Communication of any Invention for any Improvement in Instruments or Communica-Munitions of War to the said Secretary of State, or to any Person or Persons authorized by secre-him to investigate the same or the Merits thereof, shall not, nor shall anything done for the tary of State, Purposes of the Investigation, be deemed Use or Publication of such Invention so as to &c. not to preprejudice the Grant or Validity of any Letters Patent for the same. Patent^Letters

XIII. In the Construction of this Act " Her Mnjesty's Principal Secretary of State for Construction of the War Department * shall mean Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Time g^™tary of being to whom Her Majesty shall think fit to intrust the Seals of the War Department.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts and the better Recovery of Small Debts in Ireland. [19th April 1859-]

* Yt^HEREAS the continued Existence of Manor Courts in Ireland has been found c prejudicial to the proper A(knimstratk>n of Justice: And whereas it is expedient

‘that such Manor Courts should be abolished:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most .Excellent Majesty, by aud with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the passing of this Act all the said several Manor Courts in Ireland shall be abolished, and from and after the passing of this Act no Action or Suit shall be commenced in any of the said Courts: Provided always, that the Abolition of such Manor Courts shall not alter or affect any other Franchise or Manorial Right, or any Right to Head Money, Leet Money, or Leet Silver, or any other Right appertaining to any Manor which now by Law may be exercised or exists, except where the Seneschal is the Returning Officer of any Borough within the said Manor, in which Case it is hereby enacted that the Sheriff for the Time being of the County in which such Borough may be situated shall henceforth be the Returning Officer in lien of the said Seneschal; provided also, that all Proceedings commenced in the Said Manor Courts before the passing of this Act shall be eontiblted until Decree or Dismissal pronounced, as if they had been commenced and finally deterinined before this Act passed.

: Ijf. All judgments. Orders, or Decrees obtained in any of the Courts hereby abolished shall, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, be valid and effectual, and capable of being enforced by the Process of the several Courts in Ireland held by the Chairmen of Quarter Sessions, in the same Manner and by the some Process as the Decrees pronounced in the Baid Courts are now by Law enforced; and the Records, Muniments, and Writings of the several Courts abolished by this Act shall,&s soon as conveniently may be after the passing -W" ' * ' • • f; ■* of

Manor Courts abolished, but certain Manorial Rights preserved.

Existing Judgments, Orders, and Decrees valid, to Ihj enforced in County Courts by Chairman of Quarter Scs^ sions.

m

Powers to renew Decrees founded on Orders of Seneschals, and Stewards.

Power to award Compensation to existing Seneschals, Stewards, &c.

Power to Justices at Petty Sessions to hear and determine Cases for Recovery of Debts not exceeding Two Pounds.

Power to appeal to Quarter Sessions.

aa° VICTORIA, e. M.

of this Act, be placed under the Charge and Superintendence of the Clerk of the Peace, and be deposited and kept by him with the other Records of the County. .

III. It shall be lawful for the respective Chairman of Quarter Sessions of the several Counties in Ireland, and the Recorders of Dublin, Cork, Galway, and Londonderry, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to renew all Decrees and Dismisses made and pronounced by the several Senesohals or Stewards of the said Manor Courts hereby abolished prior to this Act receiving the Royal Assent, and every such renewed Decree or Dismiss shall be deemed a Renewal, Decree, or Dismiss of the said Chairman and Recorders, as the Case may be, and may be executed as such.

IV. Every Seneschal, Steward, or Registrar or Marshal of any Manor Court hereby abolished, in which Proceedings have been had according to the Course of the Court within One Year before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and who shall show that he is legally entitled to such Office, shall be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in such Manner as they shall think fit, to inquire what was the Nature of the Office, and what was the Tenure thereof, and what were the lawful Fees actually received in respect of which such Compensation should be .aUowed, and the Commissioners shall in each Case award such gross or yearly Sum, and for sucli Time, as they shall think just, to be awarded, upon the Consideration of the special Circumstances of each Case, and all such Compensation shall be paid out of such Moneys as may be provided by Parliament for the Purpose.

Y. * And whereas it is enacted by the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter

* Ninety-two, that it shall be lawftd for any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions to hear ‘ and determine certain Disputes concerning any Sums due for Waged, or for Hire of any c Horse, or for Tuition, and to make such Order as they shall see fit for Payment, provided ‘ the Sum shall not exceed Ten Pounds: And whereas by Seventeenth Section of the said ‘ Act Justices are authorized to make Awards as to Disputes at Sales in Fairs and Markets ( where the Value does not exceed Five Pounds: And whereas it might be useful and

* beneficial to extend the said Powers, and to authorize any Justice or Justices at Petty c Sessions in like Manner to hear and determine Disputes concerning any Sums of Money ‘ which shall he due for Small Debts between Party and PartyBe it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions to hear and determine Causes for the Recovery of Debts between Party and Party under the Value of Two Pounds, where the Right to recover such Debts shall have accrued within Twelve Calendar Months before the Day of the Date of the Process herein-after mentioned, and having heard what each Party shall have had to say, and the Evidence adduced by each, shall either make an Order for the Payment of the Sum claimed, or shall dismiss the Complaint, either upon the Merits or without Prejudice, and with or without Costs, not exceeding Five Shillings, in the Form ill Schedule A., and shall direct Execution by the Seizure and Sale of the Defendant's or Plaintiff^ Goods: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for either Party to appeal from such Order or Decision of such Justice or Justices to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions in the Civil Court at the next General Quarter Sessions held in the same Division and District of the County, the said Sessions being held next immediately after such Decision at Petty Sessions by such Justice or Justices when the Order shall be made by the Justice or Justices in any Petty Sessions Districts, or to the Recorder at his next Sessions when the Order shall be made by the Divisional Justices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or to the Recorder of any Corporate or Borough Town; provided always, that no such Right of Appeal shall exist unless Three clear Days shall elapse between the Time when such Order shall be made and such Appeal can be heard; and if, Three Days do not elapse the Appeal shall be made to and heard at the next succeeding Sessions for the Division and District, which Appeal the said Justice or Justices are hereby required to receive, and stop all Proceedings on such Order at Petty Sessions, the Party appealing, if a Defendant, first lodging with the Clerk at Petty Sessions the Amount ordered to be paid by the said Justice or Justices, or entering into a Recognizance of Appeal in manner prescribed by the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851, Section

- Twenty-

103

22" VICTORIA c. 14.

Twenty-four, and if a Plaintiff, to deposit the Sum of Five Shillings as and for Costs on the Hearing of such Appeal; and such Chairmen and Recorders are hereby respectively required and empowered to hear such Appeal* aud to issue a Decree and Execution thereon, in like Manner and Form as if such Appeal had been brought before 6uch Chairman and Recorders as an original Civil Bill under the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-seven, and with the like Co3ts, but without further Appeal.

VI. The Process to be served upon the Defendant in all Cases, requiring him to appear before the Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions, and the Orders made thereon, shall be in the Form One and Two in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Nature of. the Case will permit, and it shall not be necessary that such Process shall be signed by any Attorney, , but it shall be sufficient if th£ same be signed by the Complainant, or any Person on behalf of such Complainant; and the said Forms shall be severally subject to the following Stamp Duties payable to Her Majesty; that is to say,

5. d.

For every original Process - - - 0 6

For every Copy thereof served - - 0 6

For every Certificate on Appeal - - -10

VII. Every Paper or Document in respect of which any Fee shall be payable at Petty

Sessions, under the Provisions of this Act, shall bear an impressed or adhesive Stamp

denoting the Amount or Value of such Fee, as the same is specified in Schedule (C.) of this Act; and such impressed or adhesive Stamps shall be supplied and accounted for in the like Manner, and shall be subject to the like Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, so far as the same are applicable, as are provided in respect of stamped Forms or adhesive Stamps by an Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred.

VIII. The Duties by this Act granted shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions, Fines and Penalties, contained in or imposed by the several Acts of Parliament relating to Duties of the same Kind or Description in force at the Time of the passing of this Act shall respectively be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties by this Act granted, so far as the same are or may be applicable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the Duties by this Act granted.

IX. The Process to appear shall in all Cases be served by a Process Server, duly authorized by the Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions to serve Summons, Three clear Days before the Firet Day of the Petty Sessions at which the Case shall be heard, and in no Case whatsoever shall any Process be served on Sundays, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, and Service on any of the said Days shall be absolutely void; and any such Summons Server shall be eutitled to be paid by the Complainant or Person for whom he may be employed such Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for the Service of each Process upon each Party as the Justice or Justices shall fix and determine*

'X. No Defendant shall be liable to be sued or proceeded against at Petty Sessions under this Act, or obliged to appear in any Cause to be heard and determined at any Petty Sessions held in any other Part of the Country than at the Petty Sessions held within the County and within the Petty Sessions District of such County in which the Defendant or Defendants reside or resides: Provided always, that if any Defendant or Defendants shall have and occupy any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, Factory, or Office for the Sale of Goods, or for carrying on any Business, within the District of such Petty Sessions District, he shall be deemed to have a Residence within such Petty Sessions District The several Fees as set forth in Schedules B. and C. shall be the proper Fees payable on any Proceedings under the Provisions of this Act.

SCHE-

Forms of Process as those in Schedule A.

Stamps to be used in lieu of Fees at Petty Sessions, and to be accounted for as provided by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 100.

Duties granted by this Act to be deemed Stamp Duties, and the Provisions of the Stamp Acts to apply thereto.

Process to be served by Process Server authorized by Justices at Petty Sessions.

Defendant not to be sued, or obliged to appear, except within District of Petty Sessions in which he resides.

Occupation of House, &c. deemed a Residence.

m

22« VICTORIA, VU4; -

SCHEDULE A. / , ■ . j -

Process*

Date*

Petty Sessions District of County of »

A.B. Complainant. C.D. Defendant.

The> Defendant is hereby required personally to appear befpre the Justice \or Justices] assembled at the Detty Sessions of on the Day of ^

next, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill in an Action for the Sum^)f for that the

Defendant is indebted to the said Plaintiff in the said Sum for [Goods sold. Money lent, settled Account, §y\], and in default of such Appearance the said Justices will be required to

proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

(Signed) A.B. Plaintiff.

2.

Decree founded on Order.

Date.

A.B. Complainant. C.D. Defendant. ' ? /

By the Justices assembled at Petty Sessions held for the District of:

It appearing to the Court that Process to appear at this present Sessions was duly served on the Defendant [or Defendants], and that the Defendant [or Defendants] is [of are] justly indebted to the Plaintiff [or Plaintiffs] in the Sum of Pounds [here state Chase

of Action], it is therefore ordered by the Court that the Plaintiff do recover the Sumf of Pounds, with Costs, and that in default of Payment thereof, and the Skid Defendant not having appealed from such Order, we order that the Sum of Pounds and Pounds be levied of the Goods of the said

(Signed) A.

C.D

4.B.\

7.D. j

L

Justices.

or

E.F. Justice.

Form of Certificate of Appeal. „ s

Petty Sessions District of County of *

A.B. Plaintiff. C.D. Defendant.

Whereas an Order having this Day been made that the Defendant shall pay to the Plaintiff die Sum of Pounds [or that the Plaintiff be dismissed, as the Case

may be'], and the said Plaintiff [or Defendant, as the Case may be,] has appealed from such Order, I certify that the said Plaintiff [or Defendant, as the Case may^ beJ paid into the Court the Sum of Pounds\the Sum ordered to be paid, or Five Shillinys on t/ie

Dismiss], in compliance with the said Act of . ,

A.B. Clerk of Petty Sessions.

SCHEDULE B.

s. d.

To Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending and taking Instructions for and

attending the Hearing - - - - - 2 6

. To Defendants Attorney, for attending Hearing - - A *. 2 6

To Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending the Hearing of every Appeal under

this Act - - - - • - - • - 2 6

To

2^VXCTO)BXm W. 14/15.

To Defendant's Attorney, for same 1 ' *

To Clerk of the Peace, upon the Entry of every Appeal For signing the Decree or Dismiss on such Appeal

;.fCftEDULE e.

in Petty Sessions ,#ook

sHt

\ivwV o.t fmrirp >i ;«<! *.i

s. d.

- 2 6

• 0 G

- 0 6

_ 0 6

k 0 6

- 0 6

CAP. XV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, find, Employmeqts, and to extend the Time limited for those( Purposes respectively. [19th April 1859.]

‘ Tl^HEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or c 1 v Professions, or any other Cause pr Occasion, ought to h^ye taken and subscribed , or ^sunvnce respectively appointed to be by .such Persons taken and ^^b^cq^ed. in and fyy Act of the first, Ye^r of* King George fhe Firsts Statute Two, <v^^p^^4Urteen j.oi^to have qualified themselves according^ an Act oj* the Thirteenth

ni and by an Act of the first, Ye^r of* King George fhe Firsts Statute Two,

__ zl_____1____:___J*________'a-A. _£• xt.. __

, M1

^ Act oP tSc^^htietii ^ear offing Charles %\\c Second, Statute Two; or according to an * Act of the Eighth Yegf of, King Geprge t&q first, Chapter {Six; or according to an Act ‘ of the Ninth ^u\of Kiyg Gfeorge the Second, Chapter Twenty-six; or according to an € Act of thu Eifctyeepth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty; or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-three; or according

Jtear^of King CJiaries the, Second., Statute Tw9> Chapter One; or according to an Act of p-fifth|.Y^ Charles the Second, Chapter Two \ or according to an

I G. 1. st 2.

c. 13.

13 C. 2. st. 2.

C. 1.

25 C. 2. c. 2. 30 C. 2. st 2.

8 G. 1. c. 6. 9G.2.C. 26. 18 G. 2. c. 20. 6 G. 3. c. 53.

9 G. 4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

c Places of Profit, or Corporate Offices, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or ( some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and ‘ make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Act9 0r either of them, or

* otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner ns in ^1hhdvb^,Hhd'1safd - Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred* or mety be in

* danger of incurring, divers Penalties and DisabilitiesFor quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by ifcCatis1 Of Such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and ^\lH'tlmvAdvice'ahd Consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the samo, os follows:

ff i j x -;»?; 7 \ t ■*> rI .{. ;•; ) o >

I. All and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had; and is required, before the' passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths or made the Declarations required by Law, or who, on or beffori* the Twenty-fifth Day of March Oha thousand eight hundred and sixty, or if Parliament bel tbefa ritt4ng before the/Bud of the then Session of ParHatnent, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Oases wherein v\ 22 ViCT. O by

Persons who have omitted to qualify them-selves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

too 22? VICTOR!LB, c. 15.

by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance OHght to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, ind at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acta or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of, and Acta done or to be done by, any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

Indemnity to II. c And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the onnitted to make Church of England and Ireland> have through Ignorance of the Law neglected, or

and subscribe c been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the the Oaths and i Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of r**ufred b*1 the * ^re^an^ *n the Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to "prevent the further Growth Irish Act, € °f Popery:

2 Anne, c. 6. All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in 6uch Manner and Form and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament.

Not to indem- III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or nif^n«ewhom con8^rue<^ to exten(l to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have fi^Tjudgment been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's has been given. Courts of ltecord, for any Penalty incurred by having ncgleGted to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

Not to exempt IV. Provided also, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to without fcti^g extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which QuaHfid&tion! he ls subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force. ..... .

Admissions to V. ‘ And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other mybeitemped * Pu^c Officers, and the aamission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, 7 * and

22" VICTORIA,1 1.15.

* and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and IrelandfOr the Entries of such Admissions in the ( Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns which by e several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the 4 same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, tb produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which stich Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly Btamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, ahd Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in 'execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid^ are *md shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peaqe, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elepted, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by, reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

O 2

to?

after the Time allowed.

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment

General Issue.

10$

Power to Judges to appoint Commissioners to administer Oaths within Ten Miles of London.

Style of Commissioners. Power to take Fees.

Power to Judges to appoint Commissioners for the Isle of Man and the Chan-nel Islands.

CAP. XVI. . .■ .: 'i '

An Act to enable the Judges to appoint Cpininissionerg within Ten iVIiles of London and io tke dale of Man and the Channel Hands to administer Oaths in Common Law, and to authorize the taking in the Country of Bail inErcon, and Recognizances and Bail on the Revenue Side of the Exchequer;

fl^th 1859.]

• i ./*■!'. ' ■ •' * n . .; s.i • i • ,i < *:  ■ .ii ' .* T

* YX^HEREAS Goounissions to administer Oaths in Proceedings in r the .Superior. Courtis i ** of Common Law are granted by the Judges, under the Authority of an Act

* passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Chapter

* Five, intituled Aft Act for taking Affidavits in the Country, to he made use of hi the Courts

* of fttnfs Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, but such Commissions are not granted to

* Persons Residing within Ten Miles of the City of London, except to the Clerks of 'the

* Judges of the said Courts: And whereas the Convenience of Suitors and Witnesses or ‘ Deponents would be much promoted, Expense saved, and the Business of the Courts € expedited and facilitated, by authorizing a certain Number of Attorneys of the said ‘ Courts practising in different Parts of London and its Neighbourhood, and other fit and € proper Persons %o administer Oaths in Proceedings in such Courts:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chief Justice and other the Justices of the Court of Queen's Bench for the Time being, or any Two or mQre of them, (whereof the Lord Chief Justice for the Time being shall be One,) and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas and the rest of the Justices there for the Time being, or any Two or pore of them, (whereof the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court shall be One,) and the Lord Chief Baron and the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, (whereof the Lord Chref Baron Tor the Time being shall be One,) by One or more Commission or Commissions under the several Seals of the said respective Courts, from Time to Time, as Need shall require, to appoint and empower as many Persons as they shall think fit and necessary, such Persons being Attorneys of the said Courts respectively, ajid practising within Ten Miles of Serjeants Inn Hall, or qther fit and proper Persons, to administer Oaths, and take and receive all and every such Affidavf^ and Affidavits, Declarations or Affirmations, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous to make before any of the Persons so empowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter; or Thing depending or hereafter to be depending or any wise concerning any j&f the Proceedings in the said respective Courts: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any way prejudice or affect the Power of the Judges of the said Courts respectively to issue Commissions to the Clerks of the Judges of the said Courts, as has been heretofore practised, and all such Commissions as last aforesaid, already or hereafter to bo issued, shall 4nd are hereby declared to be valid and effectual.

II. The Persons so appointed or empowered shall be styled " London pommissioners to administer Oaths in Common Law," and they shall be entitled to charge and take a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Oath administered by them, subject to any Order of the said Courts respectively varying or annulling the same.

IIL It shall also be lawful for the said Lord Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron and the other Judges and Barons of the said Courts respectively from Time to Time to appoint and empower, in manner aforesaid, any Person or Persons duly admitted as Attorneys in any of the Superior Courts at Westminster, and other fit and proper Persons in the Isle of Man or in the Channel Islands, or any of them, to administer Oaths and take Declarations or Affirmations in the said Courts of Common Law, and such Persons shall be styled " Commissioners to administer Oaths in CommonXaw for {He JSZe of Man," or " for the Channel Islands," (as the Case may be,) and they shall be entitled to charge and take the same Fees as the said London Commissioners.

IV. All

22«V*C'FdlUJfi;

IV. All Affidavits, Declarations, oa? Affirmations taken or made before any Commissioner Affidavit* Ac. appointed or empowered as aforesaid shall be read and made use of in the said Courts Respectively, td all Intents and Imposes, as Other Affidavits, Declarations, or Affirmations ^herAffiduvS. takeb br made in the said Courts now are; and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him;Sett, orthemselves in suchAffidavit or Affidavits, or falsely declaring or affirthing in such Declarations ior Affirmation^, shall incu^hnd be liable to the same Penalties* and be deemed guilty ofPerjury, as if such Affidavit or Affidavits, Declarations or Affirmations, had been made or taken in open Court, and may be prosecuted for the same, where 6uch Perjurywascoinmitted or where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended on sifcjl a Charge.

, > V.,c And whereas it is also desirable to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Provisions of

* Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for taking *^£2^ 0,4 ‘ Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of Kings f* Error, aud

‘ Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster, to the taking Bail in Error upon to Kecogni-s Proceedings commenced in the said Courts respectively, and to Proceedings on the

* Revenue §ide of the Court of ExchequerBe it therefore further enacted, That the said ofYhe Exche^ recited Act, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, and also all Commissions quer, extended, heretofore issued in pursuance thereof, and now in force, shall apply and extend to and ^authorize the taking of Bail in Error, and the Recognizances of Bail in Error, in all Actions

and Suits commenced in either of the said Courts, in like Manner as in the Case of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in either of the said Courts, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Act, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, and also all Commissions heretofore issued in pursuance thereof under the Seal of the Court Of Exchequer, shall also apply and extend to and authorize the taking of all Recognizances bf nvery Kind, and all Bail as well in Error as otherwise, on the Revenue Side of the "Cbtirt of Exchequer.

\n:A •, :■ ' .. ■ .. .: . . . \ . .; * I . •; .. ';

(tin ■ ■. i • * -• • I ' « ■ ■ '■ • V • • !

'' ) i. '.a' . ■ 1 — ^ r . , . [

■I :•»

.c a p, xvit

i'An''Act' to Continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present;.')i'Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to SavingsBanks iu Ireland.

[19th 1859-]

^YX/HEREASan Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleveith

*/ ■ and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 11 & 12 Vict.

* Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland: And whereas the said Act was continued c* 133‘

>A5n force by another Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Rci^n of

f Hdr Mxjesty. Until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eaght,

* and until the End of the theil next ensuing Session of Parliament: And whereas it is

* expedient that the said first-recited Act should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

%fhe Lprds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The .paid Act pf the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty shall be further Act continued, continued until the First Day ofJanuary One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, ard Until the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parlii ment.

"B2" VICTORItE, b. ia

Third Report of Charity Commissioners, dated 28ih Feb. 1856.

Scheme confirmed.

Charities to be administered by trustees as heretofore, subject to provisions of scheme.

Future regu. lations of loans from Sir Thomas White's Charity.

Provision for fresh regulations.

3,000/. debt extinguished.

Alterations and additions in school buildings.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for amending and confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for Sir Thomas White's Charity, and the Free Grammar School in the Town of Nottingham. [19th April 1859.]

‘ YirHEREAS tho Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, in their Report to

* * * Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eight hundred and

* fifty-five, reported that they hod provisionally approved and certified (among other Schemes ‘ for the Application and Management of Charities) a Scheme for Sir Thomas White's ‘ Charity, and the Free Grammar School in the Town of Nottingham, and such Scheme is

* set out in the Appendix to the said Report: And whereas it is expedient to amend the

* said Scheme: And whereas it is expedient that the said Scheme, as the same is set out in ‘ the Schedule to this Act, shall take effect:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Scheme set out in the Schedule to this Act shall be established and take effect.

SCHEDULE.

Scheme for the Application and Management of the Charities in the Town of Nottingham, called Sir Thomas White's Charity (so far as relates to the Nottingham Branch thereof), and the Free Grammar School of the Foundation of Agnes Mellers.

1. The above-mentioned Charities and their respective estates, income, and property shall continue to he managed, received, and administered by the present trustees thereof, and their legal successors, in the same manner and with the same powers as heretofore, subject and according to the provisions of this scheme.

2. The loans to be granted in future out of the funds of the above-mentioned branch of Sir Thomas White's Charity by the trustees thereof shall be confined to persons of good character, being resident inhabitants of the town of Nottingham; and the trustees of the said last-mentioned Charity, with the sanction and approval of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, shall forthwith make and prescribe suitable rules and regulations in relation to the amount and duration of the loans to be granted out of the funds of the same Charity, and the nature of the security to be required for such loans, and the mode and period of their repayment, either by periodical instalments or otherwise, and the conditions and qualifications to be observed or required by or from the persons to whom such loans shall be granted, and for ensuring due publicity in relation to such loans by advertising and other suitable means, and generally with respect to the conduct and management of the same Charity, and may from time to time with the like sanction or approval vary such rules and regulations, provided that no such rules or regulations shall be at variance with the main objects and provisions of this scheme; and such rules and regulations when made shall not be varied or added to without three calendar months notice in two or more of the local newspapers in most general circulation in the town of Nottingham, stating the nature of such proposed variations and additions.

3. The debt of 3,000/. now due to Sir Thomas White's Charity from the Grammar School Charity is hereby extinguished.

4. The trustees, with the sanction of the Court of Chancery or of the said Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, may sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of the present master's house, and school buildings and appurtenances attached or belonging to the grammar school aforesaid, which premises shall from henceforth be freed and discharged from the present payment of two shillings per annum to the Corporation of Nottingham, and may erect and fit upon another suitable site, to be appropriated or acquired by the trustees for that purpose, in or near the town of Nottingham, other buildings, masters residences, schoolrooms

411

22? iVICTOSRdidE, > b.. 18,29.

rooms, playgrounds, and premises suitable for the new school hereby contemplated, and the funds to be required for the above purposes may be provided or raised by the trustees in such manner as the .said Court or Board may authorize or direct.

S.^The,present grammar school,shall be transferred to the new school buildings when ^fGfcted and fitted up as aforesaid, and such school shall be called " The Nottingham High School of the Foundation of Agnes Mellers," and the object of such school shall be to provide for the sons of inhabitants of the town of Nottingham a sound classical* commercial, and generally useful education, at a moderate cost; and the said trustees, with the sanction and approval of the said Board, shall make and establish proper rule* and regulations with regard to the nature of the instruction to be given at the same school, and for dividing the same, if found necessary or proper, for the purposes of convenient instruction, into separate departments or sections, and for the appointment of such masters, teachers, and instructors as may be required for the same school, and generally for the constitution, government, and conduct of the school and the masters and scholars thereof, and also, whenever practicable and expedient, for the establishment and payment of suitable exhibitions or scholarships to be connected therewith, and, with the like sanction and' approval, may from time to time vary or modify such rules and regulations, or any of them.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to make further Provision for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a Site for additional Offices for the Public Service near Whitehall and Her Majesty's Palace at Westminster. [19th April 1859.]

VWHEBEAS by "The Downing • Street Public Offices Extension Act, 1855," the ‘ , Commissioners of j Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings were empowered to

‘ provide a Site for additional Offices for the Public Service in or near Downing Street, ‘ Westminster: And whereas, with a view to further facilitate the Despatch of the Public € Business of Her Majesty, it is expedient that several of the principal Offices in which A such Business has been heretofore and is now carried on should be concentrated, and that ( a Site of adequate Extent and conveniently situated for the Erection of Public Offices ‘ thereon should be provided, and that certain Land of Her Majesty and divers of Her ‘ Majesty*8 Subjects situate near Whitehall and Her Majesty's Palace of Westminster, ‘ described in the Schedule to this Act, should be acquired and appropriated by the Com-e missioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, herein-after called "the Com-‘ missioners," as herein-after mentioned for the Purpose aforesaid: And whereas a Map or ‘ Plan describing the Land to be acquired by the said Commissioners under the Authority c of this Act has been prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ap follows:

I. The Persons who for the Time being, under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Forty-two, shall be Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, snail, for the Purposes of this Act, be and are hereby constituted a Corporation, by the Name and Style of " The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and use a Common Seal, to be by them from Time to Time altered as they think fit.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, out of any Monies , which have been, or which may from Time to Time be appropriated by Parliament and put at their Disposal for that Purpose* to parcha&e as after provided tho Land in the

Parish

Trustees, with sanction of Court of Chancery or Charity Commissioners may establish rules for government of school

18 & 19 Vict, c. 95.

Commissioners incorporated for the Purposes of this Act

Commissioners of Works to carry this Act into execution.

V^

Land purchased to be vested in Commissioners for the Public Service.

Plan to be deposited in the Office of Works, &c., and be open for Inspection.

Power to Btop up Streets and Waja.

Streets may be raised or lowered.

Power to take Land.

No Land to be taken without Consent, unless as in Schedule.

Premises may be taken notwithstanding Errors in the Schedule.

Power to Commissioners, their Surveyors, &c., to enter upon Land for surveying or valuing.

:22° vmrnmmjc.M.

Parish of Ht Margaret, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, mentioned ib ihe Schedule to this Act, and to pull down and remove the Buildings thereon when so purchased, sindto appropriate the Sites of the said Buildings and nil the Land mentibned intheSohedule to this Act, whether now used as Streets, Ways, Yards, Pleisure Gvoujnds, vacant Ground, or otherwise, as a Site for the Erection thereon of Offices and Buildings for the (Public Service and the necessary Accesses and Approaches to such Offices and Buildings,-to carry the Purposes of this Act into execution in manner herein mentioned. , , w

III. All Land purchased by the Commissioners under the Authority of this* Act shall

be vested in them for the Public Service, find sbalL be subject to the Provisions df itti Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifteenth Year of the Jtleign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and in all respects as if the same bad be^n acquired under the Provisions of that Act. / m \

IV. The said Map or Plap describing the Land, or any Part thereof* to be neqhired 'by

the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall, when signed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and shall remain at the said Office, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect ami peruse the same at their Will and Pleasure, paving the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection. , , . v

V. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to stop up and wholly dieoontimre any Ways,

Paths, Streets, or Passages which now lead into or pass through or by the1 Side of! the Land and Premises herein-before mentioned, and the Ground and Soil of such Ways, Paths, Streets, or Passages as shall be so stopped up and discontinued, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act )!

VI. The Commissioners are hereby empowered to raise or lower the Ground of ary

Streets or Ways which shall communicate with the Buildings so to be erected as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, making Compensation to the Owners of Houses u\jui$d by such Alterations, as shall be agreed on between the Parties. ,; j

VII. For the Purposes of . this Act it shall be lawftil for the Commissioners to take ahd use any Land, and pull down and remove any Houses or Buildings thereon, at any Time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing from the Commissioner*, or their Agent duly authorized, of their Intention to take or use the same, shall either be given to the principal. Officer of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to the Person who shajl be the Owner and Occupier of such Land, or, in case he cannot be found br ascertained, left at the usual or last-known Place of his Abode, or with the Tenant dr Occupier of the said Land, or shall be affixed upon the Premises; and for the Purposes 6f this Act the Owner shall be any Person hereby capacitated to sell

VIII. Provided always, That no Land shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, except such as is mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner thereof being first obtained.

IX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to purchase, take down, and use for the Purposes of this Act, any of the Tenements described on the said Plan as intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, although such Tenements, or the Name or Names of the Owner or Occupier thereof, may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more of the Justices of "the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and be certified under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake or erroneous Information.

X. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and for their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving Notice in Writing for the First Time Twenty-four Hours, and afterwards from Time to Time Twelve-Hours, previous Notice to enter into and upon all o? any of the Land authoriaed to be taken and used as aforesaid for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

XL It

'2e"Vicro©Hi#v c.m -tfe

^X,L-Itfeh*ll belawfol for the Coihmiiuionera to&gtee for the Purchase of any Land Power to Com-< wllieh they may deem roeoesaary to> be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and of any Interest 4herein-oc Chargee thereon. Or such of them, or such Part Or Parts thereof, as the Commis- <U'

Sioaert) doll think proper, and to enter into any Contract in respect of the Premises whioh theytaay think-fit . •

"J bcir. Th^Ltind Which may be purchased in pursuance of this Act shall be conveyed to Land pur-the Commissioners of Her Majesty VWorks and Public Buildings and their Successqrp, or chased to be [totautefr Peteon as they Shall direct, in trust for the Purposes of this Act; and the Renjs theComm^ tatfd Profits of ihe ^aid Land shall be received and applied by the said Commissioners for the akme**, ar*s

iPHirpOSCaof fthife Act. * - theyahaU.

r; < direct

' XlTLIf the Commissioners shall not within the Space of Three Years from the passing Limitation of of this Act purchase or take the Land, or Parts thereof, which they are hereby empowered Time for com-lit purchase, thenrthe compulsory Power* hereby granted to theta for such Purpose shall chwery Pur"

eeasai ) '•»!? < 1 '.••••■; .* 1 ■ '• ' ■ \ / " }‘‘ 1 ' 1 1 ■

XIV. It shall be lawful for all Bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, ecclesiastical or Bodies Politic, lay, aggregate or sole, and for all Trustees and Feoffees in trust for charitable and other Trustees, and Purposes, and all Executes and Administrators, not only for and on behalf of themselves, eLpowenrito their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, but also for and on sell and convey, behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics,

or; Persons not bona or not'ascertained, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to * and for AlLTenonta for Life, or for Years absolute, or determinable on any Life or Lives,

,*fcdfevery/Person having any other 'partial or qualified Estate or Interest not only for and jOi* bfehalf of 'themselves, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Issue, bat also -for and On behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in remainder, reversion, expectancy, or contingency, or for any other future Estate or Interest where such Person or any of sticih Persons, whether entitled to the next or any subsequent Estate or Interest* or any Part ^ftereofj shal^ riot be ascertained, or shall be incapable of contracting for, selling/or conveying .thetime, and to and for >JI Guardians, whether of the Person or Estate, on behalf of their Wards, Husbinds on behalf of their Wives, Committees on behalf of the Persons of whose Estates they shall be Committees, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and Ipsue Lot* suj&hj Wards* Wives, or Persons respectively, and to and for all Femes Covert entitled in own Bight, arid notwithstanding ainy Restraint frim Alienation,, to any sudh Land, Or or mother Interest therein, on behalf not only of themselves but also of their Heirs, Executory Administrators, and Issue, rind also where such Wards, \Vlves,

[Persona, or Femes Covert1 respectively shall be Tenants for Life or in Tail or for Years, or ihaveafcy other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, to and for such Guardians, Husbands, 'Committees, and Femes Covtert on behalf of the Person or Persons on behalf of whom such: Wards* Wives, Persons, or Femes Covert respectively, if of full Age, unmarried, and of sotind Mind, might have contracted for, sold, and conveyed the same Land, and to and for every other Person whomsoever who is or shall be seised oy possessed of or interested'm any . df thfe Bind Land which |by the Commissioners shall bo thought* necessary for any of the •

Ptii^bses bf this Act, to contract for, sell, and convey the same and every or any Part thereof to the Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Person as the Commissioners shall direct for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts and Assurances which shall be ntade by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person ror Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law; and all Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever contracting or conveying as aforesaid, a*e hereby ^damnified for or in respect of any such Sale which they or any of them shall respectively moke by virtue of this Act.

XV. Every Body and Person herein capacitated to contract for, sell, and convey any Satisfaction to. each Land as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Land, or any Share,

Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, may accept such Satisfaction for the Value ™pted. thereof; and such Bodies or Persons, and also any Tenant, or other Occupier of any sucjfi Premises entitled to any Compensation for Tenants Fixtures and for any other Injury or Damage as shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, may accept such Sum; 22 Vict. P of

JI14

Parties to deliver a Statement of their Claims.

If Parties refuse to treat or shall not agree, a Jury to be summoned.

82° VICmKI^, c. 19.

of Money in respect thereof as shall be agreed upon between him and the Commissioners, and in cate they oaftnot agree as to the Amount the Same shall be ascertained by a Jury m manner hereinafter direoted. 1

XVI. On or before the Expiration of One Month next after Notice in Writing from the Commissioners, or their Agent duly authorized, of their Intention to take or use any Land or any Part thereof for the Purposes of this Act, shall have been given, left, or affixed as herein-befpre is mentioned, every Body or Person authorized by this Act to accept Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value of the same, or any Estate, Share, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, or having or claiming to be entitled to any Compensation for any Goodwill or Improvements, or for Fixtures, or for any Injury or Damage sustained on account of the Executipn of this Act, shall deliver to the Commissioners or leave at their Office a Statement in Writing of the Particulars of the Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge which such Body or Person claims to be entitled to or to be authorized to receive Satisfaction or Recompence for, and of the Goodwill, Improvements which may be lost, and of the Fixtures, and of the Injury or Damage sustained, and of the Amount of the Money which such Body or Person may be willing to receive in satisfaction or recompence for the Value of such Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge, and also the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money which such Body or Person may be willing to receive as Compensation for such Goodwill and Improvements and Fixtures, and for such Injury or Damage respectively.

XVII. If any Body or Person seised, possessed of, or interested in any Land, or in any Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, which the Commissioners are hereby empowered to purchase, take, and use for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the Commissioners for the Sale and Disposal of his Estate and Interest therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce a clear Title to the Premises he may be in possession of or to the Interest he shall claim therein to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster or his Deputy, or in case such High Bailiff or his Deputy shall be in anywise interested in the Matter in question then some One of the Coroners of the County of Middlesex not interested therein shall, upon the Warrant of the Commissioners in manner herein-after mentioned, and he is hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said City of Westminster, which Oaths the said High Bailiff or his Deputy or Coroner is hereby empowered and required to administer, what Damages will be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for the Value of such Land, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates $ind Interests of every Person seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and assess the Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Land, and of such Estates and Interests therein, and also for Goodwill, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Party, provided such Goodwill shall be estimated by what in the Opinion of such Jury the same would have been worth in case the Alterations or Improvements intended by this Act had not been in contemplation, and also for and on account of the taking of such Land for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Jury, in estimating such Recompence and Satisfaction, shall take into their Considertion the Increase in Value of the Residue of any Property of which such Land shall form Part, and in order thereto the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall require to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all Persons whomsoever whom it shall be thought necessary to examine as Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner is hereby empowered to administer, and such High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner respectively shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways find Means as well for his own as for the said Jury's better Information in the Premises as the said High Bniliff, Deputy, or Coroner shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have settled such Damage and Satisfaction, the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by5 the Commissioners

• - - • - to

22" VICTORIA 'c. 19.

to the staid Parties interested therein, according to suehVerdict of the Jury, which said Verdict shall be final a0 against ail Parties interested, and all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury the Commissioners are hereby em-ppw^red to, issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner Jo suiqmqn, empannel, and return, at some convenient Place in the said City of Westminster, a ^^yof.not less than Thirty-six nor more than Forty-eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified, according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issuer in Her Majesty's Courts of :tat Westminstery to appear before the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner at such and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and Fourteen Days Notice at the Jea^.t jn Writing, under the Corporate Seal of the Commissioners, of the Time and Place at whtph auch Jury are so required to be returned shall be given to such Person interested in t^e premises-before the Time of meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Persons, or of the Head Officer of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Corouer is and are hereby empowered to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so empannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear Upon such Summons, the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid^, to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitors, and Agents, to attend and be heard and to adduce Evidence before the said High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner respectively, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array.

XVIII. If the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Land authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act shall not be inclined to sell or part with the whole thereof, or of his Interest in the whole thereof, and it shall not be found necessary to take the whole for the Purposes of this Act? and the said Parties cannot agree as to the Sum of Money to he paid for the Part which the Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, shall not think it necessary to purchase, then the Jury shall assess the Value of the whole Premises according to the Condition in which they are at the Time of taking the View, and also the Value of that Part of the Premises which shall remain after the Commissioners, or the Person authorized by them, have taken away so much as they shall think necessary for the Purposes .of this Act; and in each last Valuation the said Jury shall take into their Consideration the Improvement or Depreciation which the Remainder of the Premises is likely to receive or sustain from the Alteration intended to be made; and the Jury having made these Two Valuations, the difference between them shall be the Price to be paid by the Commissioners for that Part which they shall have occasion for, and such Price shall be recorded as the Verdict of the Jury for the Value of the. same.

XIX. No Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Body or Person by way of Compensation for Goodwill or [Improvements alleged to have been lost, or Tenants Fixtures, or any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by reason or Means of this Act, or anything which shall or may be done in the Execution thereof, unless such a Statement as herein-before is mentioned of the Particulars of eyery such Claim, and how and in what Manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given to the Commissioners or left at their Office as aforesaid, by and on behalf of such Person Ten Days at least before the Time of the meeting of such Jury.

XX. If the High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner so directed to summon and return a Jury os aforesaid shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the Party who shall be prejudiced or injured thereby, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her • Majesty's Courts of Reoord at Westminster; and if any Person so summoned and

P 2 returned

Where Part of an Estate is taken, the Remainder to be valued.

Notice to be given of the Compensation claimed.

Penalty on High Bailiff, Jury, and Witnesses fbr Neglect of Duty.

116 22° VLCTOftUEj fc.13.

returned ad aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, or shall 'in any other Matter wllfttUy neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excase to be allowed by the Justices hereiiv-after mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Teh Pounds* which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending* the Person making such Distress and Sale rendering to him the Overplus of the Money thereby produced, if any, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall oe deducted, and all such Pines shall be paid to the Commissioners to be'applied for the Purposes of this Act 1 J

Jury may XXL In all Cqses in which a Verdict shall be given for the Value of any Land, or Share

FeTsim^le6 °* Jllf7 sfeaffe if required so to dm by or on behalf of the Commissioners, inquire

and then^ap- pf, assess, and ascertain the Value of the Fee Simple of the Entirety 0f tHe said Premises, pDrtion Values and shall afterwards apportion and divide the Value so ascertained between and among ail lateral^*™ different Shares and Charges which shall be claimed therein, and also between differeiit

therein. Parts of the said Land alleged to held under different ;Titles: Provided always, that the

Verdict of any Jury shall not defeat or prejudice any ‘Contract or Sale which shall have previously been made of any Share; or Charge, although the Value of the same may be ascertained to be different from the Amount of the Price, Recompense, or Satisfaction agreed to be paid for the same. i . , ‘ ,

Value of Land XXII. The Jury so to be summoned as aforesaid shall award all Determinations, Judg-to be ascer- ments, and Verdicts which they shall make and give in execution of the Powers hereby

from Goodwill nested in them concerning the Value of Laud, or of any Share, Estate, or Interest therein,

or other or any Charge thereon, separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any Loss of

■Damages. Goodwill to which the Occupier may personally be entitled, or any other Loss or Damage

to be sustained by any Person in consequence of the Execution of apy of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Land or Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Goodwill, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid separately and apart from each other; and when any Money shall be assessed or adjudged for such Goodwill, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, the Jury shall, if required by the Commissioners, declare whether the Statement delivered by the Claimant of the Manner in which any Amount of the Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation for the same has been computed and made up gaveaufficient Particulars to enable the Commissioners to make a proper Offer*: >

Provision XXIII. In case any Jury to be summoned and sworn pursuant to thq Authority of this

Fx^nwsof g!*e *n a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence, Compensation, or

Juries.*** ° Satisfaction for the Rights, Interests, or Property of any Person in any such Land, or for any 6uch Goodwill, Improvements, Injury, or Damage, as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the same in the aggregate by the Commissioners before the summoning and returning of such Jury, or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person legally capacitated to enter into any Contract with the Commissioners, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expenses of causing and procuring stich Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction to be assessed by a Jury shall be settled by the High Bailiff, Deputy, or Coroner before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the Commissioners; but in every Case in which any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall be of opinion that the Statement delivered by the Claimant of the Manner in which any Amount of Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation has been computed and made up did not give sufficient Particulars to enable the Commissioners to make a proper Offer, and in every other Case in which any such Jury shall give ip a Verdiet or^ Assessment for no nK^re or for less Money, as such Reoompenee, Compensation, ^Satisfaction as aforesaid* than shall have be£n agreed rto and offeredby the

Commissioners

m° vwjommi t. ut 117

Commissions in tib^ aggregate for the same before the -summonieg; and returning of the said Jury* or in case no Damages stall bef given by tho YorcKct where tbtf Dispute is for (Damages only, or where the causing or procuring such Jury to be [Summoned shall hare arisen from a Kefasal to treat or agree with the Commissioners by any Body or Person who is-lfy-tibe Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat, then (except where ihy neasoa ofl Absence such Person shall be prevented from, treating with the Commissioners) Mb Such Costs, Charges, atid Expenses, to be settled by. such High Bailiff, Deputy, or ,Coroner irl \nwumer aforesaid shall be paid to the Commissioners by the said Body or Person so^churnitag.suoh Compensation or refusing to . treat and agree as before mentioned respectively (sa/ve only 1 where by reason of Absence car other like'Cause any Person shall have fbebn prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid), in which Case no Costs, Charges, or Bxpefcsbs^ shall be allowed to either Party as against the other, and ail Costs, Charges, and Expenses hereby directed to be paid to the Commissioners shall be deducted and retained by tjiem put of the (Money so assessed to be paid by them as so much Money advanced to anar'for the Use of the Person entitled to such Money b6 adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum so assessed, or in case no Money or no sufficient Sum of Moriey shall he assessed to be naid by the Commissioners whereout such Costs, Charges, and Expenses can be deducted.

f

then the same shall be recovered by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One ^Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, by Distress and Sale Or the Goods and Chattels of the Person , liable to the Payment of the same, the Party making such Distress and Sale rendering to Such Person as aforesaid the Overplus of °fhe Money thereby produced (if any) after such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

A Minute or Docket of all the said Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office of the CJommissiopers, and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the P^nce of thp said City and Liberty of Westminster, to be preserved by him amongst the Records of the (Quarter Sessions of the said City and Liberty, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents whatsoever; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall Re alio wed to be good feyidence in all Courts whatsoever; and ajl Persons snail have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof,paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every $eventy-two Words, and so proportion for any less Number of Words. (

Verd.cta to be recorded.

1 XX V* If itv any Case the Owner of any Land, Part only of which shall at any Time be Commissioners requiredby the Comnrissioners to be applied forthe Purposes afotesaid, shall be unwilling fosellsach Part only as shall be required by the Commissioners, the Commissioners are whole of the hereby required, at the Option of any Owner of any such Land, to purchase of and from the Land if Owners said Owner the whole pr such Part thereof, over and above such Part thereof as may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, as such Owner shall think fit, and to apply so much .*1$ such Part, thereof as they the Commissioners, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall see , fit,for the Purposes aforesaid; and if such Owner shall not or cannot agree with the Commissioners foif the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the whole or such Part thereof as , aforesaid* then the Value thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in such Manner as the Price .for any Premises to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be ascertained; and all such other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Premises as are herein-before mentioned and directed with respect to the Premises the Value of which shall be ascertained by a Jury in the Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. In all Cases in which any Person shall claim any Satisfaction or Compensation Persons hold-? for or in respect of any unexpired Term or Interest which he shall claim to be possessed of ^J1Ddt®r or entitled unto in any Land intended to be taken or used under the Authority of this Act, duceThe°same. uiider or by virtue of any Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease or Grant thereof, the Cohuwissioners are hereby authorised to require such Person to produce or show the Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease or Grant, in respect of which such Claim to Satisfaction or Compensation shall be made, or the best Evidence thereof in his Potter; and if such Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease or Grant, or such

best

U8 22* VICTOR*®,! 19'.

best Evidence thereof as aforesaid, shall not be produced or shown within Twenty jonc Daj*^ after Demand made by the Commissioners, dr any Person by them authorized, the Person-claiming such Satisfaction or Compensation shall be considered and treated as holding only: from Year to Year.

For settling XXVII. In case any Difference shall arise between the Commissioners and any of the Sisput^"fto Owners of the Property to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act as to the Amount 8imdl&Amoant. or Value of the Damages done by the Commissioners, their Agents or Workmen, to such Property in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and such Difference cannqt be adjusted, the same shall, in case the Amount of Damages claimed does not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be determined by some Two or more Justices of the Peace for the City of Westminster, who, upon Application made to them by both or either of the .said Parties, shall examine into the Matter in dispute, add shall determine the Amount of Compensation which shall be payable by the Commissioners, and such Justices may examine Witnesses and administer Oaths in all respects and with, the same Consequences as to false Swearing as if the same were a judicial Matter brought before them on which they were by Law entitled to adjudicate.

Commissioners not to take possession until the Purchase Monies are tendered or paid.

Commissioners empowered to take possession on Payment of Purchase Money into the Bank of England.

XXVIII. Provided aiwdys, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recom-pence, or Satisfaction to be made or paid pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid shall be paid or tendered to the Party entitled to the same. Or into the Bank, of England, as herein mentioned, before the Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, shall proceed to take possession of any Tenement or to pull down any House or other Erection or Building comprised in or affected by such Agreement or Verdict respectively, or to use the same for any of the Parposes of this Act.

XXIX. If any Body or Person seised ox possessed of or interested in any suqh Land,* or Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, as aforesaid, cannot be foupd, or shall not be known or ascertained, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners (whose Opinion ip the Premises shall be final), or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance thereof, then and in every such Case, upon Paynient of: such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted and agreed, or shall have beent assessed and awarded by any Jury, in manner aforesaid, to be paid for the Purchase of or for the Value of the same Premises, into the Bank of Englandy as herein-after directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite), for the Use of such Person so interested in orf entitled as .aforesaid, such Land, or Parts, Shaves, Estates, Interests, or Charges,.and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, togetker with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Body or Person or unknown. Person to whose Credit such Money shall be paid in, to, and out of the Land to be purchased as aforesaid shall from thenoeforth vest in the Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights* Titles, and Interests, Claims, and Demands, as fully and effectually as if every Body or Person haying any Estates in the Premises had actually conveyed the aame by Release* Bargain* and Sale enrolled, and with tire Assent of any Protector of the Settlement whose Assent might be necessary, or Feoffment with Livery of Seisin or any such Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall npt only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Body or Person or unknown Person of, in, and to the same Premises to whose Credit such Payment or Tender shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in possession, reversion, remainder, expectancy, or contingency, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and every other Person whomsoever; and the same Premises shall and may thereupon be pulled down, made use of, and employed for the^Purposes aforesaid, according to the Direction of the Commissioners.

Application XXX. If any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Land, or Part of Purchase thereof, ox £hare, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, or for any other Right.-

.Money tv hen • ‘ J

22? VICTOR'hEi cl 1 9:

Matter* or Intercut, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Body or Person under any Disability or Incapacity, or not legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premises by the Sale of which such Money shall be produced, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of rTwo hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Ntune and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account there of such Accountant General ex parte the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Method prescribed by any Act for the Time being in force for regulating Monies paid into the said Court; and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Person who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Land or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, or affecting other Land standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall he laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court; in the Purchase of other Land, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such aad the like Uaes, Trusts, Intents,, and Purposes, and in the? same Manner as the Land whichishaU be so purchased; taken, or used, as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or suck of them as at the,Time of making such Conveyance,or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the: meantime, until sueh Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Gehtum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to bte sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Body or Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to'the1'Rents and Profits of the Land so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided, That if any Money so Agreed or assessed to be paid for any Land or Part thereof, or Share, Estate* or Interest therein or Charge thereon, purchased, taken, or used for Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation or to any Person under Disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option 6f the Body or Person for the Time being entitled to the Retats and Profits of the Land; or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges so purchased, taken, or used, or of his Guardian or Committee in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under his Hand, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, hi order to be applied m manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid tit the like Option to Two or more Trustees to be nominated by the Body or Person making such Option and approved of by the Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the nominating Parties and the Common Seal of the Commissioners, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far sia the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Cliancery.

XXXII. Provided always, That where such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Person who would for the Time being have bc^ii entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, and ('barges so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of the Infancy or Lunacy of such Person then

such

119

amounting to 200/.

When less than 200/. and amounting to 20/.

When less than 20/.

1M

In case of not makin^ out^ j; Titles ,

'}1 >' M

;/ ..,1

■- ' -!i» rJ

* I • )

Where any Qnestion shall arise touching the Title, the Person in possession shall be deemed entitled until the contrary be shown.

Court of Chancery may order Expenses of Purchases to be.paidrby » the Comniis-siofeers; i ^

231 V KJfTOlRijEj [

such ^Ibejurid to^Qu^ian or, Jo XJpe afljJ Benafitiof

such Person so entilled. * ,r s > ■» * ,: . »

XXXIII. In case the Body or Person to whom any Sum of Money shall b^agreed fo bq paid, or shall be awarded by any Jury, for Ihq Purchase of any Land^or puy Rapts,

1 Shares; Estates,. or Interest..therein or Charge; thereon,/to be purchased, taken, or used{ by 7 virtue of this [Act, shall npt be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of jthe Commissioners; (whose Opinion in the Premises shall be final}* ior shall refuse to execute aConvayance or Assignment thereof, or iq case the Person to whom such Snip orI Sums1 of Money shall be eo agreed or awarded to be paid ob aforesaid cannot be found* pr; if .the Person entitled to 6qch Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges be not (k^QWftor discovered, then anddn every such Case it shall.be lawful for the Commissioner* tq.pey thq sajd.Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or agreed to be paid as afpresakl ipt|0' Bapk of England\n the Name and with thq Privity of the Accountant General of thcr sjpd Court of Ghanqery, to be placed to his Account^ to, the Credit of the Party ,; if . knowny wbfc> shall bo iinterested ift the .said Land, Parts, Share*, Estates, Interqstsi or Chargqsi , (deocribing: such Land); . but if such Party shall not be known, to/ the Credit of the said ^Q^nmissionqrs, subject to tb# Qrder ,; Control, or Disposition of the said Court,which said -Cpurt, on fhe Application of aqy Body pr?Person maUng Claim tp any Sum of Money or apy Part.thereof by Motion or Pcttoion, shall be and tfie same isheiiebjr empowered in;* summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the same Court, shall seem meet, to ord*r{ the same to be laid out and. invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof: o^iPayment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate, or Estates,, Title or Interest, of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making Claim thereunto, and to napke^uch other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; apdr ^he Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum of Money is hereby* required to give a Receipt for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying* foc: wfrat the i same is or are received! to such Person as shall pay any such Sum of Money iptp the Bank as aforesaid, .n

XXXIV. Provided always, where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Body or Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Land, or Part thereof, or <tf any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, Or Interest into or tipOn any Land to be purchased or taken in pursuance of thi* Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends of any such Bank Annnities, the Body or Person who shall have been in possession of such Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges at the Time of suefy PtorOhase, and every Body or Person claiming under such Body or Person, or Under the Possession of such Body or Person, shall be taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid accordingly, unless it shall be1 made to appear to the bald Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person was lawfully entitled to such Land, or Part thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein or Charge thereof.

XXXV. , Provided also, That where by reason of apy Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Person entitled to any Lawk or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, to be purchased or taken under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England as iaSorefsaid; to be Applied in the Purchase 6f other Land to be settled to the Hke Uses iti pursuance of Act,fit shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Exp^tses of the Purchases to be mode in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expenses ns the said CoinJt shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Commissioners, who shall pay such Surli or Sums of Money out of the; Monies appropriated and applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as the said Cohrt shill direct: Provided always, that the Costs of One Application only forR^-investhient in' Lai)d shall be allowed, unless it shall appear to the saidCourt that it ia( for the Benefit of tha.Paii'ties interested in the said Monies that the same should be invested in the Purchase

' • - ■■ v ' .: - ' ' . - - . of'

22< VI<yrG*RIi£Jiaifc

o^LJaiMs'iii Sumsaod at differettlTimes, fe whfeh Gtte it shril be lawfiil for the

Court, if it think fit, to order the Costs'of any such Investment to be paid by the

; ,,:r ,v ^ -

^X^XVI/'WhereUhe 'Mbtiey aWai^died <6 be paid for Any Land which shall be taken for th^Rtirposfea 6f this Act shall bi paid iiitd the Biifk of England in manner herein-bcfore dii^tedy itf1 (fonse^ttCncfe of, 4 gOod Title not having been made' to such Land to the SAi^foetlbn* Of Comtmssriobers, of aity1 Person authorized by them, by reason of the same L^nd^ihg1 subject, together \tith other Land not required for the Purposes of this Act, to a1 Kent able to Witte: Body or Person unable Or utiwlllmg to release therefrom the Land }then and in every or any such Case the Land for the Value of which the>^Money to 'be paid into the Bank, together with the Money (if any) to he retained f6^ Coit^ andfChargesl trader the Authority ofthis Act, shall be assessed to be paid, shall be fO^bvbr ^charged frotti such Rent hnd all Claims and Demattds in respect thereof; and the Mbftey^1be‘ paid* Jrito the Btinfc of Eitgfand shall bfe laid out and invested under'the Bfteetfoh Of the Court ofOHaiteery, tb^be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be pfcrferffctj ih a'StirimUty Why by the Body or Personwho would have been entitled to the liehts;krid'Prbfit6 of the Land for the Value 6f Htbich sUch Money respectively shall have bbeu'prtiy aforesaid, iri the Purchase Of Other Land which shall be conveyed and settled, sfiWeot, toother W&h such other Land, to such Rent, to the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Ffifyo sdS; rfrtd 5n <he same Manner, as the Land so to bfc taken as aforesaid stood settled or Or: ‘Wch of them as at the Time of makihg such Conveyance and Settlement shkll^ gating undetermined Or capable of taking effect; and in the meantime and until sfiihr'Purcbhse shall bo made the 'said' Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon thereto, be invested by the Accountant General of the said Court, in his Natofo;‘id the Pnriftase of Thr^^ Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds p&fi G^hitri Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime and until the Bank Annnities shall be (irdered'by the eaid Court to be sold for the Purposed aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order o^($iq,$awl Court to the Body or Person who would for the Time being have been entitled Rents and ProfitSv of, the said Land hereby directed to be purchased, in case such iafse- and Settlement were madeand the Land so; to be purchased and settled shall be 5&tQ tjhe Rent to, which the same shall be declared as aforesaid in the Conveyance and S^tt^efloi^nt th,ere9f tq be snlyect, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as tpe Rand tnken or to be ts&en fqr the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid were subject thereto; an$. Rody or Rei^son to whom such Rent sliall be payable shall have such and the same Rpwqrs aud RqnstUqp for enforcing, the Payment thereof or of any Part thereof, out of or the;,Ran4. to -.be.qoipprieed in such Conveyance and Settlement, and declared to D£{ ^sqiyect tlxerct05 as be„ would have been entitled to if such Rent had originally been re^i^ed:9ut, of or cWged upon the same instead of the Land to be taken for the Purposes of .^ja^qt, fnd in the sfuno Marnier to ajl Intents ap/d Purposes as such Rent was reserved c^tj OiTor charged upon such laat-raentioued Land, together with the other Land subject tJ^fefdrrftpd in, -tbp meantime and until such Purchase shall be made it shall be lawful for the saicl Cpur^ it shad tbipk proper, upon Application thereto, to order any Part of the Dividends and annual Produce of the Bank Annuities in which the said last-mentioned Money shill be Invested to be paid frohi Tlttie to Time to the Body or Person for the Time being entitled to the mi$ Rent, in discharge thereof or Part thereof, as the Case may be.

Orftlyxu‘1 -si; •>)»? - * ' • " ' ■ ■ •

ojXXXVIL Whem any: Lknd purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased by the Cofriraistioners shall be subject, solely or jointly with other Land not intended or wanted to beMpurchaoed^ to or with any Rent Service, Rentoharge, or Chief Rent, or other Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance* it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to agree for the Release of*he Lahfl so purchased or wanted, or intended to be purchased, from such Rent, Payment, or InOumbranbe, and also( where necessary or convenient) for an Apportionment of such Itent; Payment, Or Incnra^brance for 6uch gross Sum as shall be agreed upon between the Gommbaidneifs and the Party whbj under the Provisions of this* Act, shall agree to sell or apportion the same, and which Agreement may be entered into by any Person and Corporation by this Act authorized and empowered to sell or convey Land; and the Monies 22 Vict. Q to

121

Where the Title is defective by reason of a Kent payable oat of other Land, as well as Land required for the Purposes of this Act, the Money paid into the Bank to be laid oat in the Purchase of other Land which shall be subject to the Bent in the same Manner.

Power to purchase the lie-lease of Land wanted fVom Bents charge! thereon.

to be paid shall be paid and applied in manner herein-before directed with regard to the Purchase Money on the Sale of Land; and in case any Difference shall arise respecting the Value of such Kent, Payment, or Incumbrance, or respecting the Apportionment thereof, the same shall be determined by a Jury, if required, in like Manner as the Price of Land is by this Act directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof, which Jury shall assess and determine the Value of the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the Land purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased, and shall also (where necessary or convenient) apportion the Kent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the Land jointly subject to the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance as herein-before mentioned according to the respective Values of the Land purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased, and of the Land not purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased by the Commissioners; and all Assurances which shall be made by and between or to the Commissioners and any such Party as aforesaid respecting such Release shall be valid in the Law, and shall extinguish the whole or a proportionate Part of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance (as the Case may be):  Provided always, that where the Party entitled to such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall consider the remaining Part of the Land so jointly subject, and the same shall in fact be a sufficient Security for such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, and shall be willing to release the Land so purchased by the Commissioners therefrom, then it shall be lawful for the Party entitled by this Act or capacitated to apportion such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, or to release the Land so purchased therefrom (with the Consent, of the Owner of the Land so purchased, and also of the Owner of the Land so jointly subject as aforesaid) to release the Land so purchased as aforesaid froin the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance so affecting the same as aforesaid, jointl}r with other Land, on condition or in consideration of such other Land continuing or remaining wholly and exclusively subject to the whole of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance; provided also, that when any of the Land purchased by the Commissioners shall be released from a Pail; only of any Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the same jointly with other Land not purchased by the Commissioners, such last-mentioned Land shall be charged only with the Remainder of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, and such Apportionment shall not prejudice the Title to the remaining Rent or the Remedies for such Remainder, but the same shall at all Times thereafter remain as effectual as if the Land not so purchased had been originally charged with that Amount only; provided also, that when a Part, of any Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall be released, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, on Tender for that Purpose of any Deed or Instrument creating or transferring the Remainder of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, to endorse a Memorandum on such Deed or Instrument declaring what Part of the Land originally subject to such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall have been purchased by virtue of this Act, and what Proportion of the said Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall have been released, and also declaring the Amount of the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrances which shall continue payable, and such Memorandum shall be Evidence in all Courts of the Facts therein stated, but shall not exclude any other Evidence of the same Facts.

XXXVIII. In all Cases in which a Part only of any Land comprised in any Lease or Agreement for Lease for a Term of Years unexpired, or for a Life or Lives, or for a Term determinable on a Life or Lives, shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, the Rent payable in respect of any Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for a Lease shall be apportioned between the Land required for the. Purposes of this Act and the Residue of such Land; and such Apportionment shall, in case the same shall not be settled by Agreement between the Parties, be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, if required, ia like Manner as the Price of any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof; and iu case such Apportionment shall be settled by Agreement between the Parties, such Agreement shall be made with, and shall not be valid without, the Consent and Approbation of the Lessor from whom such Land is holden or agreed to be holden, and any Person hereby capacitated to sell who shall be a Lessor shall be capacitated to assent and to bind the Property in respect of such Assent; and after such Apportionment the Tenant or Lessee of the Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease shall, as to all future accruing Rent, be liable only to so much of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease as shall have been apportioned in respect

of

Bents on Leases to be apportioned.

Ljooo le

2* VICTORI2E} c; 19. 123

of !the Land not required for the Purposes of this Act; and the Lessor of the Said Land' shall have all such and the same Remedies for the Recovery of the Rent so apportioned in respect of the Land not required for the Purposes of this Act as before such Apportionment he had or was entitled to in respect of the Rent reserved or agreed to be reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease; and such Apportionment shall not prejudice or aifect any of,the Covenants, Conditions, of Agreements in such Lease or Agreement for Lease contained, so far as the same.relate to the Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease, and not Required for the* Purposes of this Act, but the sanifc shall, as to such last-mentioned Land, but not further, continue in full Force. ' '

vXXXIX. Every Body and Person having any Mortgage op any Land which shall, be Mortgagee*to required to be taken for the Puiposes of this Act (and whether entitled thereto in their own convey to the Bight or in trust, for any other Body or Person, and whether in possession of such Land by ommissioner*. virtue of such Mortgage or not, and whether such Mortgage shall affect such Land solely or jointly with any other Land which shall not be so required) shall, on Payment or Tender by t^e, Commissioners, or by any Person by them authorized, of the Principal Money and Interest due on such Mortgage, and the just Costa (if any) then due, together with the Amoupt of . Six Months Interest on the said Principal Money (which Tender and Payment U& Commissioners are hereby authorized to make, and to. deduct the same from any Sum a^rr&d or directed to be paid for an Estate or Interest of the Party entitled to the Equity of Redemption) of and in the Land so mortgaged, in case the same shall be sufficient for the Purpose, immediately convey,. assign, and transfer, the respective Interests of such Mortgagees in the Land which shall be so required to the Commissioners and their Successors, or to' such,Person as the Commissioners shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the Commissioners, or from the Party, entitled to the Equity of Redemption, of and in the same Land, that they will pay off the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on such Mortgage at the End of Six or less Number of Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notide, then at the End of such Six or less Number bf Mopths, on Payment or Tender by the Commissioners of the Principal Money ami Interest .which , would become due at the End of Six Months from the Time of giving such Notice, together with any* just Costs then due, such Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer their respective Interests in the Land which shall be so required for the Purposes of this Act to the Commissioners and their Successors, or os the Commissioners shall direct; and ip case any such Mortgagee shall refuse to convey, assign, or transfer as aforesaid on Such Paymeiit or Tender as aforesaid, then on Payment of such Money, Interest, and Costs mto the Court of Chancery as herein-after mentioned all Interest on every such Mortgage,

Debt, and all Claim and Right of every such Mortgagee thereto, shall thenceforth cease:

Provided always, that in case any such Mortgagee shall, in either of the Cases aforesaid, neglect or refuse to convey, assign, or transfer as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, and the Costs (if any) due on any such Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank of England at or near the End of Six Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, or as soon after as possible, or in lieu of such Notice and in addition to the s$d bftt£r Monies of Six Months Interest in advance for the Use of sufch Mortgagee at any1 Time after Tender of the Principal, Interest, and Costs, and Six Months Interest in advance as aforesaid, the Cashier of thfe said Bank shall give a Receipt for the said Money in the like Manner as is by this Act directed in Cases of other Payments into the said Bank; and thereupon, or upon such Conveyance, Assignment, or Transfer by any such Mortgagee as aforesaid, all the Estate and Interest of stich Mortgagee, and of every Fetson in trust for him or for whom he shall be Thisfeb, shall vest ih the Commissioners and their Siicfcefesors, who shall be deemed tb be in the actual Possession of the Land comprised in such Mortgage, or do much thereof as shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. '' 7 j

XL. Ip all Cases in which any Landaybject to any Mortgage shall be required for the As to ^ses Purposes of this Act, which Lana shall be of less Vtdue th*p(the Principal Monie$, Interst* ^here ^ and Costs secured thereon, or in which a Part only of the Land subject to any Mortgage Mom^niore shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, and such Part shall be of less Yahy? than the than the Value Principal.Monies, Interest, and Costs secured on such Land, and the Mortgagee thereof of the Land,

. • • Q 2 shall or a Part on'

m

of the Land is taken.

Tenants at Will or from Year to Year to quit after Notice given.

81" VtCTJDtR'LS; 6. IS.

shall not consider the remaining Part of such Land to be a iuffioient Sectirity for theMon^V changed thereon ,; or shall not be willing to release the Part required for the Purposes of thfe Act from the Principal or Mortgage Money and all Interest due and to become due \ hereon* and all Costs, the Value of such Land* or, as the Case may be, of such Part of; the said Laud as shall be so required for the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Compensation (if any) ifor any Damagedone in respect of the Parts so required* shall be settled and agreed upbh by aad betweeri such Mortgaged and the Bbdyj Trustee, or Person entitled to thb Equity of Redemption of such Laud, whether absolutely Or for such Esjfcote as might capacitate such Parties to convey for the Purposes of this Act on the one Part and the Commissioners on the other Part; and in case of any Difference between them, then sdeh Value and Compensation shall be determined; by the Verdict of a Jury in the Same Manner as 'in other Cases of Difference, and the Amouht of such Value and Compensation being so agreed upoh or determined as aforesaid shall be paid to silcli Mortgagee in satisfaction of his Claim, to far. as the: same will extend; and such'Mortgagee shall thereupon convey, assign^ and transfer all Ins Interest in Such ino^tgnged Land the Valub'whereof shaU have been so agreed upon or ^determined as efbrbsiid^or m oase of the Phrty neglecting or refusing to corivey, assign, or transfer as hereiit-before directed, then this Amouhfc of such Valrie and Cornlpem sation shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Credit of the Baid Mortgagee, as by this Act is provided in Cases of the like Nature, anjd such Payment to the Mortgagee, er iinto the Bonk as last aforesaid shall he accepted in satisfaction of the Claim of such Mortgagee, so far as the same! will extend, and also in full Discharge and Exoneration of sueh Part Of the mortgaged Land as shall be so taken or used from all Principal and Interest and other Money due or secured thereon, and thereupon suoh mortgaged Land shall become absolutely vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed to bie in the actual Possestion ? thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever t Provided nevertheless^ that every Mortgagee shall have the same Powers and Remedies for recovering or compelling Payment of'his Mortgage Money or the Residue thereof (as the Case may be), or the Interest thereof respectively, upon and out of the Residue of the mortgaged I^and not required for the Purposes aforesaid, as he would have had or been entitled to for recovering or compelling Payment thereof upon or out of the whole of the Land originally comprised in such Mortgage: Provided afeo, that when a Part only of the t and subject to any Mortgage shall have been taken for the Ptirposes of this Act as aforesaid, and the Value dfthb Land so taken shall, on the Assignment or Conveyance thereof to the Comnristioners and their Successors, have been paid to the Mortgagee thereof in Part Satisfaction of hrs Mhrt-gage Debt, a Memorandum of what shall have been so paid shall be endorsed on tbo Deed creating such Mortgage at the Time of executing such Assignment or Conveyance to the Commissioners, and shall be signed by such Mortgagee, and a Copy pf such Memorandum shall at the same Time (if required) be furnished by the Commissioners to the Person so entitled as aforesaid to the Equity of Redemption of the Land comprised in such Mortgage Deed.

XLI. Every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or any other Person in possession of any such Land or any Part thereof which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act or vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall have no greater Interest In the Premises than os Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year, shall, at the End of Six Months next after Notice in Writing under the Corporate Seal of the Commissioners shall have been given to him or left at the Premises which are the subject of such Notice, and whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time of such Tenant's holding or not, quit and relinquish the said Premises unto the Commissioners or to such Person as shall be by them authorized to receive Possession thereof; and in case any such Leasee shall be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his Term or Interest in any such Premises, then and in such Case the Commissioners shall give Satisfaction arid Compensation for the Loss or Damage which he shall sustain thereby, and in case of any Difference as to the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation the same shall or may be settled end ascertained by a Jury in the same Manner as the Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of anyLauais hereinJxJfore directed to be ascertained, or if the Commissioners and the other Parties in Difference shall agree thereto the same may be settled by a

Reference

sa° VlfiTEKRia* fc. 19. 125

Refetefencer to the Awardof Arbitrators land their Umpit*e,to be chosdn :by the Parties in Difference ;arid that tAI and everyPerson and Body in possession

of any! Land which shall or may be purchased in pursuance of this Act by theCotamissionefra or vested in. them for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall, upon Payment or Tender as aforesaid of such;Hecompencie or Satisfaction for any Of his Term, Estate, or Interest in the Premises as thall bd mutually agreed upon, or as shall be settled, ascertained, and awarded by any Bieferee or Referees btr Hmpire* dr by Vferdict or Inquisition of a Jury in manner aforesaid, quit and relinquish the said Premises So in 'then i^especti\re Possession utatd the Commissioners or to suoh Person as shall be by them authoWzed to receive Possession'of the saand, and til the Leases, Demises, Contracts, and Agreements whatsoever under or by virtuerwhereof any^such; Person or Body shall hold the ■said' Premies,shall, at and from the End tedExpiration of snob Six Months or Upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, bfe absolutely vbid and of none Effect os agaiost the Commissioners, and if any* stioh Tenant at IWtUiorLessee or other Person nr BodyshaU rfefose ot neglbct to deliver up the Premis^ fit the; Expii^taon of gucb Six MoOthsvOr Upoii :suoh Payment or Tended as < aforesaid, vt shaliibe lawful for any Justice of the Pieaofc for the Cifty and Liberty of Westminitier to issue hisPreoeptorWatrant to the Constables of the said City and Liberty for the Time being, ot any of thenoy or to any Fenrson to be by such Justice appointed -a Constable tor that especial Purpose, commanding and requiring such Constable or Constables or any of them to cko& Possessioniof the said Promises to be taken and afterwards delivered to siitli Person ds; ehUlL: iir > such Precept or Warrant be; nominated to receive the same on behalf of the JCommesiohdrayaad the said Constables and every of them one ahd is thereupon hereby jmthorizCd and rOquired to oause such Possession to be taken and delivered accordingly:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act!'contained shall prevent or restrain the Cotnmis-sidners^wheneveriltey may deem it just dnd reasonable so to do, from granting Compensation to any Tenant at Will for giving up the Possession of the; Premise under or by virtue of tbit Act iniahy Case where< special Injury shall be proved to their Satisfactions

,iif;^IjlL Every Person apd Body hereby capacitated tp sell, anclwho H}ay,not agree with Persons au-Cffpwi^iopers as to, jhe Price to be paid, may, if be shall think fit, instead of haying the refeH^to y%fes ascertained by a Jury as aforesaid, agree with the Commissioners to refer it to any Arbitrators to Person ,©jr Persons, and their Umpire to. ascertain the Amount to be paid, and every such fix the Price. Agreement and the Award to,bp made in pursuance thereof .shall bp in; qll respects binding

,a^^effeptuah, an4 a^ if fhe, Yalue had been ascertained by a J^lry ! .

>; It shall be lawful for the Commissioner* and they are hereby empowered to pull Power to clear

do>yn or capse to Tbe pulled down all Houses, and other Erections and buildings which shajl the Ground %e purchased by virtue of this Act, or such of them, or such Part thereof, as they sliajl arterial*. fhJnk proper to be pulled down, and to level and clear the^ Ground whereon the same shall stand, and all other the Ground to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to sell or cause to be sold the Materials of the Houses and «qth$r Biubhnga, tp bettakm^dojyrvand rqmpvpd pursuit to this Act, wd; the Monies to be .. ,. tp^odacpd by tfie Sale thereof (after deducting the Expenses of pulling do\yn suci Houses apd Budding* respectively, ^ of auph Sale or Saks), and also the Bents and Profits of apch Hpuses and Buildings to be purchased or taken by virtue pf this Act, until the same shall bo pulled down or cleared^ shall be received and applied by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this AcL

r XLtv. No Purchase shajl be made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act Purchases to without the Assent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for Jhe'Tuthorit61* executing the Offioe of Lord High Treasurer; but it shall npt be necessary for any Yendpr o/theTrea-7 pr any purchaser from the said Commissioners to; ascertain that such Assent has been givep, sury. nor shall the Commissioners bp bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent: Provided nevertheless, that such Assent may be given either generally <or for any particular Purchase or Purchases as to the said Lora High Treasurer P6r Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer os aforesaid shallrseem mept. // •; ; . ^.... ,.......... ‘ \ *'. . '

XLV. The

126 .23vyj£T0ftL£j c. 19.

^ed^'th0 XLV* The Bight and Property of all and every the Gates, Bars, Poets, Rails, Sheds, Commissioners. Carts, Engines, Materials for paving, Implements, Utensils, and Things whatsoever which may be erected and set up or provided by the Commissioners, or by their Order or otherwise, belonging to and used by them for the Purposes of this Act, and also any Materials which formed Part of any Building's which may be pulled down by the Direction of the Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, shall be vested in the Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to dispose of and apply the same for the Purposes of this Act as they shall think fit, and to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute with Effect any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, secrete, injure, damage, or dispose of the same, or any of them respectively, to their own Use and Uses, or shall disturb them the Commissioners, or their Officers, or other Persons acting under them in the Possession thereof.

Commissioners XLVI. In case any Contract entered into in pursuance of this Act with the Commis-

ActiomTto be or *n 0a8e all or any °f the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, shall not be

brought for well and Sufficiently performed according to the Intent and Meaning of any Contract or

Breach,of Contracts1 to be entered into by the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act, pr

Shall not be completed within the Time or Times specified in such Contract, then and in every such Case the Commissioners may cause an Action 1o be brought in any of Hpr Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster against any such Contractor for any Penalty contained in his Contract; and on Proof of the signing of the said Contract, and Non-performance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the Commissioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the full Penalty contained in any such Contract, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, which Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think fit, to compound and agree with any such Contractor for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XLVIl. If any Proceedings shall be taken for the Recovery of the Possession of any Land so purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act, then, within Two Months after any Judgment shall be obtained by any Person foT the Recovery of the Possession of any such Premises, there Bhall be paid or tendered to any Person so obtaining such Judgment in lieu of such Premises his Costs on any. Proceeding for the obtaining such Judgment, together with such Sum of Money as a Jury shall, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, find to have been the Value of the said Premises at the Time when the same were conveyed for the Purposes of the Act, or when Possession thereof was taken as aforesaid; and the Jury who shall try any Proceeding brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Premises as aforesaid shall at the same Time ascertain the Value of such Premises at the Time when they were conveyed for the Purposes of this Act or when Possession was taken thereof, find the Value so found shall be certified by thC presiding Judge under his Hand, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Person seeking to recover Possession of thb same Premises, and Buch Value shall be the Amount to be paid m lieu of the said Premises, and the same shall be paid by the Commissioners out of Monies in their Hands applicable for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Land the Possession whereof was so sought to be recovered shall remain vested in the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act, such Amount or Value being taken and accepted in lipu thereof.

Costs and such Sum as Jury may find to be paid to Person obtaining Judgment in lien of Laads.

Commissioners to make good ' to Parishes of St Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, Deficiencies in Bates.

XLVIII. f And whereas by reason of taking the Land mentioned in the Schedule to this * Act, and for the Purposes thereof, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Assess* ‘ ments for the Relief of the Poor, atid making certain Payments directed by Act of Parlia^ 4 ment to be made out of the Poor's Bate, as alsoin the Produce of other Assessments directed 4to be raised and levied on the Persons,'and in respect of the Property by Law rateable to 4 the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, 4 Westminster: And whereas the Rates of the said Parishes have been mortgaged and are now 4 charged with and subject to the Repayment of certain Sums amounting in the aggregate to 4 Thirty-five thousand four hundred and three Pounds, or thereabouts, Principal Money,

4 with

.02" yjJDTOflL® c. 19. '12tr

,#>with Interest thereon, ttnd wVich; Chnrgeait is calculated ^ill be wholly pAi0 off bn or rfr before the Twenty-fifth Day ef Deteinber^ One thousand eight hundred And Beventy-three;

Aa»d it is expedient that Provision should be m&defor a Contribution for a limited Time by rfr the said Commissioners in aid of the Poor Kates and other Kites to be raised and levied -r asiimrem^before mentioned:? Be it > enacted. That the said Commi&ioners shall, from and ! after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine,yearly and every Year until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and rfceventy-lhree, by and out of such Monies as Parliament may from Time to Time place at their Disposal for that Purpose, pay and make good to the said Parishes such Sum or Sums fcrf Moniey, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annurn, as shall be deficient in respect of the said Hates by reason or means of taking the Land mentioned in the said Schedule for the Purposes of this Act, such Deficiencies to be calculated and ascertained with reference to the Sum of Three hundred and. seventy-five Pounds, being the Amount

f$$ly cpliected for and in respect of such Rates made in the Year One thousand eight p&red aijd fifty-eight, in respect of Houses and Buildings which may be shut up or taken or of Ground taken and used by the Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, an ^Ad^ount of which Deficiencies shall from Time to Time be made out and delivered to the r(5pmi:hissioner8, verified by the Collector or other proper Officer of the said Parishes in such fanner and Form as the Commissioners shall direct, and no Payment shall be made until fcuch Account has been delivered, duly verified, to the said Commissioners, and approved of them or on their Behalf.

; XLIX. Tlhe First Payment in respect of such Deficiencies so ascertained and verified as When Fir8t Aforesaid to be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred mad™ent l° arid sixty, and the Receipts of the Treasurer fox* the Time being of the said Parishes or of the Collector for the Time being of the said Rates shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to' the1 Commissioners for such Payment: Provided alwaVfr, that in case any Act shall be passed before the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, rendering Crown or public Property, or the Owners or Occupiers thereof, liable to be assessed to the Poor Rate and other Rates to be raised and leyied as herein-before mentioned, the Contribution or Payments by tliis Act provided for in respect of such Deficiencies in the Poor Rates and other Rates as aforesaid shall thereupon cease, and be no |onger made or paid*

L* No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument which shall be made or executed by, to, or with Deed#, &c. not the Commissioners, or otherwise, for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be subject or *!able stamp liable to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be utJ* imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments be specially subjected and specifically charged therewith by any future Act.

LI. All Persons who upon any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall Persons giving wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves before any E™koce Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such' in the Execution of such Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to. '

v LII. No Plaintiff shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person fpr Plaintiff not to

anything done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to recover yith-

the Defendant or left at his last or usual Place of Abode Twenty-one Days before such

Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the of Amends.

Plaintiff,,specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover if Tender of

good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him or his Attorney by cron behalf of

the Defendant before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made At

any Time after such Action brought and before the Trial thereof, with Costs of Suit to the

Time of such last-mentioned Tender, but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had

in such Action the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, and Bhall pay full Costs, to be recovered in

the same Manner as any Defendant may recover Costs in any other Case by Law, or in

case

Limitation of Actions.

For protecting the Hights of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

Commissioners not to be personally liable.

Monies payable to the Commissioners of Works, &c. to be paid over to the Paymaster General.

Contracts made by First Commissioner of Works to be valid.

Deeds to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer.

22° VICTORIA c. 19.

case no Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein any such Action shall depend, at atiy Time bCfofo Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be had, mode, and given in and by such Court air in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court,

LTIL Provided always. That no Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Body for anything done iu pursuarvce of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case there shall f be a Cpntiftuatipn pf Damages then after Three Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the Liberty or County where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere • and the Defendant, in every such Action or Suit shall and may at his Election plead specially or plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter fn Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after- a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant.

LIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to Sewers.

LV. Nothing in this Act, or in any Deed or Instrument entered into or made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall extend to charge the Person or Persons of all or any of the Commissioners executing any such Deed or Instrument, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of the same Commissioners, or any of them, or either or any of their own proper Lands, Tenementss Goods, or Chattels, with on for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in the said Deed or Instrument contained on the Part of the same Commissioners or any of them} but the Amount of all Costs, Charges, Damages, or Expenses which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity against them the Commissioners or any of them, or against their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or by reason or means of such last-mentioned Deed or Instrument, or the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements therein contained, and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses which the Commissioners shall bear, pay, expend, be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them for pr by reason or means of any such Deed or Instrument, or any Covenant, Condition, or Agreement therein contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or prosecuted by or against them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act-

LVI. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from the Sale of any Materials or otherwise shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General or the Deputy Paymaster General for the Time being, or other Officer acting for the Paymaster General, whose Receipt unstamped shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same to the Persons paying the same, and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be by such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills if the Commissioners shall so direct.

LVII. All Contracts made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners hereby incorporated as aforesaid shall be valid, and shall be binding on the Commissioners as if the same had been under their Corporate Seal. / j

LVIIL Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any, pf the Land by this Act authorized to be purchased shall be conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners

22" VICTORIAE, c. 19. 129

nu^nw oi1 Iter Mqjesty's Work* and Public Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the tteoprijs of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Boolfs of the said Cqmnpussiouers, and every sueh Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument when so enrolled shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like Foree and Effect in all respects and to‘ all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or a Memorial thereof had been registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other, Con-s veyanees of Land and Tenements in the County of Middlesex, any Act of Parliament, Law,

Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

It shall be sufficient for all Purposes to eite this Act as "The Public Offices Short Title, Extension Act, 1859." . ■

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

The Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of

Middlesex.

No. hi Street. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

No.

on

Ran.

Occnpier*

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

10

11

12

13

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

59

58

55

12

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard. .

Dwelling House and Yard. /

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House, Beer-shop, and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard. 1

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House and Yard.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard.

Upper Crown Street.

■ - " - v -

> Daniel Pudduck. i

Major General Edward Pery ‘ Buckley.

The Dean and Chapter of St Peter, Westminster.

.Win. Octavius Garstin.

Eliza Fitzher-v bert Fores teen.

MnrthaGibbons. David Gibbons.

Crown Court.

14 1 Dwelling House and Yard. Major-Genl. Edwd. Pery Buckley. Joseph Bow ley -

15 2 Dwelling House and Yard. 1 The Dean and I Chapter of Su Martha Gibbous. David Gibbons.

16 3 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. f Peter, West-J minster. Eliza Fitzherbert Forasteen.

17 4 Dwelling House and Yard. Major-GenL Edwd. Buckley. Joseph Bgwl?y -

22 VICT.  R

Daniel Pudduck and his weekly Tenants.

Daniel Pudduck and his weekly Tenants.

Daniel Pudduck and his weekly Tenants.

Daniel Pudduck and his weekly Tenants.

Wm. Bennett and lrs weekly Tenants.

Robt. Webster and his weekly Tenants.

Wm. Findlay and his weekly Tenants.

Rebecca Friend and her weekly Tenants.

Robt. Tyler and his weekly Tenants.

John Lindsey and his weekly Tenants.

Wm. Bramwell and his weekly Tenants.

Jane White and her weekly Tenants.

Jane White and her weekly Tenants.

John Wadley and his weekly Tenants.

)

I George Sornmereand his j weekly Teaurits.

John Wadley and hi3 weekly Tenants.

22° VICTORIA, c. 19

No.

on

Plan.

No. in Street Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Lower Crown Street.

18 13 Dwelling House and  Richard Whatley,

Yard. The Dean and Elizabeth Wil-mot Whatley, Geo. Lucas.

19 14 Dwelling House and l Chapter of Saint -

Yard. Peter, West-

20 15 Dwelling House and minster. Wm. Thos.

Yard.  > Mackrell.

21 16 Dwelling House and - -

Yard.

22 17 Dwelling House and ■< <

Yard.

23 18 Dwelling House and Yard. ... ^Lewis Glenton,

24 19 Dwelling House, Shop, - -

and Yard. Win Thos. Mack-

25 • 20 Part of Public House > roll. <

and Yard called " The Anchor and I  Joseph Carter

Crown."  Wood.

26 21 Other Part of Public -

House and Yard. * - "The Dean and -

Chapter of St.

27 28 | 22 23 Dwelling House and Yard. Part of Dwelling House and Shop. < Peter, Westminster. Edmund Wood, Emily Askew Wood, Barclay John Christr. Cockerell.

! I  Farquharson Watson.

King Street

"The Dean and -<

Chapter of St.

29 16 Other Part of Dwell-*\ Peter, Westmr. -

ing House and Shop. ( j Edmund Wood, V

30 16a Dwelling House and ( Emily Askew John Christr.

Shop. ) Wood, Barclay Cockerell.

Farquharson

4 Watson. ->

Charles Street.

31 1 Dwelling House and  Thos. White

Shop.

32 2 Public House, called . - John Lettsom El-

" The Northumber- ►Letitia Rawlings. liot, James

land Arms."  Watney.

33 3 Dwelling House and - -

Shop. >

34 4 Dwelling House and - -

Shop.

35 5 Dwelling House and Shop. >Wm. Hy. Lewer. - — —

36 6 Dwelling House and m rn m -

Shop. 4 * I

George Lucas and liis weekly Tenants.

Geo. Lucas and his weekly Tenants.

Mary Ann Thompson and her weekly Tenants.

Samuel Pettifer and his weekly Tenants.

Geo. Selman and his weekly Tenants.

Geo. Bo water and his weekly Tenants.

Mary Ann King and her weekly Tenants.

Thomas Rourke.

Edwd. Langley and liis weekly Tenants.

John Christopher Cockerell.

John Christopher Cockerell.

Thos. Brockington.

Thos. White, Thos. John White.

James Bishop.

Edwd. Lee and his weekly Tenants.

Martha Colebrook and her weekly Tenants.

Josh. Bowley and his weekly Tenants.

John Catton and his weekly Tenants.

'22° VICTOR! JE, c. r#.

131

No. on Plan. No. ra Street. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

• Charles Street—continued.

37 1 7 Dwelling House, Shop, Jas. Fredk. Gar- j

1 and Yard. rard. |

38 8 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. >Ann Gardner. m * —

39 9 Dwelling House, Shop, - Wm. Wright

and Yard. Larken.

40 10 Dwelling House, Shop, < -

41 11 and Yard. Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. Major-Genl.Edwd. >* Pery Buckley. Geo. Jas. Yonge, Chas. Crighton.

42 12 Dwelling House, Shop, - Rt. John Town-

and Yard. Arthur Hyde Den- send.

43 13 Dwelling House and ...

Yard. dy, Sami. Fredk. Dendy (Exors.

of Sami. Dendy deed.), Henry Clutton, Receiver under the Court

of Chancery.

44 14 Dwelling House, Shop, Major-Genl. Edwd. Martin Steele,

and Yard. Pery Buckley. Jno. Cracklen.

45 15 Dwelling House and John Edmd. Gard- -

Yard. ner.

46 16 Dwelling House, Shop, > Martin Steele,

and Yard. John Cracklen.

47 17 Dwelling House, Shop, Major General Martin Steele,

and Yard. >■ Edward Pery John Cracklen.

Buckley.

48 18 Dwelling House, Shop, - Chas. Adkins -

and Yard.

49 19 Dwelling House and Robt. Franklin -

Yard.

50 20 Dwelling House and - Henry Thomas -

Yard. Wm. Octavius

51 21 Dwelling House and Gars tin, Exor. Jas. Jackson

Yard. > of Richd. Brea-

52 22 Dwelling House and ley, deed. Robt. Tyler

Yard.

53 23 Dwelling House and - Peter Ballennie -

Yard.

54 24 Dwelling House and < Robt. Beckerson

Yard.

55 25 Dwelling House and - -

Yard. -

56 26 Dwelling House and Major-Genl.Edwd. > Pery Buckley.

Yard. Martin Steele -

57 27 Dwelling House and -

Yard.

58 28 Dwelling House and - Chas. Jones

Yard.

R 2

Occupiers.

i Jas. Fredk. Garrard.

Ann Gardner and weekly Tenants. Wm, Wright Larken

her

his

Jas. Puttick and weekly Tenants.

Geo. Jas. Yonge, Chas.

Crighton.

Robt. John Townsend.

Arthur Hyde Dendy, Amelia Assig and her weekly Tenants.

John Cracklen and his weekly Tenants.

Rebecca Lloyd and her weekly Tenants.

John Cracklen and his weekly Tenants.

Martin Steele, John Cracklen and hisweekly Tenants.

Chas. Adkins and his weekly Tenants, Alexr. Stewart.

Robt. Franklin.

Henry Thomas and his weekly Tenants.

Jas. Jackson and his weekly Tenants.

Robt. Tyler and his weekly Tenants.

Peter Ballennie and his weekly Tenants.

Robt Beckerson and his weekly Tenants.

Wm. Gregory and his weekly Tenants.

Thos. Brockington and his weekly Tenants.

Richard Powell and his weekly Tenants.

Chas. Jones, London Association in aid of the Moravian Missions, Robt. Webb, Secretary.

22» VICTORIA, M. 19,-iO.

— TTTt^M ■ !.:> M-rnTrrrT'^f"T^ ft? '>0 bin.1 .J;*i-m Mi!»1 "hr r '■ r'vj

No. on ?hn. No. in Stneft* Description of Property. f vuj; -. * r •- i. >! ‘ Owners or reputed O wners. . . ., i' i:i ' i '' • 5 * i ■ ■ L&s^s or reputed " i Lessees.  .; , . ■ ■ " ■ ' ri 11 f 5 *•- yr^oiffui/ orit -/ri Occupiers. ■. oM.v o*i *11 // ,1.

* V «tn ff■ - ) r-fr—H-r

59

00

61

62

63

64

65

66

67

68

Duke Street*

6 Dwelling House and 0 dices. A - , * f ■ J i * * * Caroline Moles-

' r Dwelling House, Of- wortb, Rev.

fices, and Yard.;, . R&lph Colley

s Dwelling House, Of- * Smith, Richd.

fice*, aad Yard. Hunter, Fredk.

9 Dwelling House, Of- G written. T

fices, and Yard- l

Wm. Barron, Thos. Smith. Wm. Lee

Emily Mbrrreori

Wm. Yates Free-body.

Public Streets and Ways.

Public Street, called Upper Crown Street.

Public Street, called Lower Crown Street.

Public Way, called Crown Court.

Public Street, called Charles Street.

Public Street, called Duke Street.

Public Streep palled King Street.

St. Jpfnes & Park.

Wm. Barron, Thos. Smith.

Wm. Lee.

Emily Morrison.

Wm. Yates Freebody, Robison Wright, Alexr. Comrie, Chas. Owen Adkinson,Wm. Phillips.

The Board of Works for the Westminster District, the Chelsea Waterworks Company, the > Equitable Gas Company, the Chfirterefl Gas Company, the London Gae Company, and the PuMic.

The Board of Works for the Westminster District, the Chelsea Waterworks Company, thb Equitable Gas Company; the Chartered Gds Company, the London Gas Company, the Electric and International Telegraph Company, and the Public.

69: _  Steps or War The CroTpn - , m • , . . • The. Crown.

70 — Gravel Road The Crown - The Crown.

71 — Enclosed Lawn The Crown • The Crown.

CAP: XX. ": ■; '- ' ;•;

An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Suits and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's Dominions in Places out of the Jurisdiction of such Tribunals. [19th April 1859-]

€ Yl^HEREAS it is expedient that Facilities ^be afforded for taking Evidence in or in 4 relation to Actions, Suits, and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's

‘ Do ninions in Places in such Dominions out of the Jurisdiction of such TribunalsBe it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the

. i2»:VIC'flQBIj®,«. 20v;. 188

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th: a present Parliament assembled, ard by the Authority of the same* as follows:

I. Where upon an Application for this Purpose it is made to appear to any Court or OfderforEr-Judge-having Authority under this Act that any Court or Tribunal of competent Jurisdic- animation of tion in Her Majesty's Dominions has duly authorized, by Commission, Order, or other of the^Furis-111 Process, the obtaining the Testimony in or in relation to any Action, Suit, or Proceeding diction in re* pending in or before siich Court or Tribunal of any Witness or Witnesses out of the Juris- J?*!0010 a.ny diction of such Court pr Tribunal, and Within the Jurisdiction of sijch firstrmentioned Court,. ^foreeanyDTri-or of the Court to which such Judge belongs, or, of such Judge, it phalj Ibe lawful for such hunal in Her Court or Judge to order the Examination before; the Person or Persona appointed, and in p0^es^ng Manner and Form directed by such Commission, Order,-or other Process as aforesaid, of AoS8e5810D8, sdeh Witness ot Witnesses accordingly; and it shall be lawful for thesafid Cburt br Judge by the same'Order, Ot for such Court or Judge, or any other Judge having Authority under this Act, by any subsequent Order, to command the Attendance of any Person to be named in such Order for the Purpose of being examined, or the Production of any Writings or other Documents to be mentioned in such Order, and to give all such Directions as to the Time,

Place, and Manner of such Examination, and all other Matters connected therewith, as may appear reasonable and just, and any such Order may be enforced, and any Disobedience thereof punished, in like Manner as in case of an Order made by such Court or Judge in a Caiise depending in such Court or before such Judge.

i ll: Every Person examined as a Witness under any such Commission, Order, or other Penalty on Process as aforesaid, who shall upon such Examination wilfully and corruptly give any false Pewons giving Evidence, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Peijury. Evidence<

HL Provided always. That every Person whose Attendance shall be so ordered shall be Payment of entitled to the like Conduct Money, and Payment for Expenses and Loss pf Time, as upon Attendance at a Trial.

JV. Provided also, That every Person examined under any such Commission, Order, or Power to Per* otter Process as aforesaid, shall have the like Eight to refuse to answer Questions sons to refuse tending to criminate himself, and other Questions which a Witness in any Cause pending in Questions to the Court by which* or by a Judge whereof, or before the Judge by whom the Order for criminatehim-Examination was made, would be entitled to; and that no Person shall be compelled to ^e0^upro* produce under any such Order as aforesaid any Writing or other Document that he would mcnts. °CU" not be: compellable to produce at a Trial of such a Cause.

. Y* Her Majesty's. Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster and in Dublin respec- Certain Courts tively, the Court of Session in Scotland, and any Supreme Court in any of Her Majesty's and Judges to Colonies or Possessions abroad, and any Judge of any such Court, and every Judge in any J^eMhis^ct such Colony or Possession who, by any Order of Her Majesty in Council, may be appointed for this Purpose,'shall respectively be Courts and Jtidges having Authority under this Act; ■ ;1 '

YI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, with the Assistance of Power to Two of the Judges of the Courts of Common Law at Westminster, so far as relates to Judges to England, and for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, with the Assistance of Two of the Judges a^for^giving of the Courts of Common LamJUubhn^eo fag as -relates to Ireland, and for Two of the effect to Pro-Judges of the Court of Session, so far as relates to Scotland, and for the Chief or only Judge visions of this of the Supreme Court in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, so far as Act* relates to such Colony or Possession, to frame fucji Rules and Orders as shall be necessary or proper for giving etfect to the Provisions of this Act, and regulating the Procedure under the sauie, . " * * >' ■■;*! ' - . r ' ** ■/V •< •

• 1 ' *i i * 1 • I • 11 '

m 22r VICTORS 4.21,

C A' P. XXI.

,; .. /

An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858). [19th April 1859-1

21 & 22 Vict. ‘ ^l^HEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Ninety, c*90- c fr « The Act," Provision is made for the Registration of Members of the

‘ Medical Profession, and certain Disabilities are imposed, after the First Day of January € One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, on Members of that Profession who are not ‘ then registered: And whereas, by reason of the Time required for the Collection and ‘ Examination of the proper Evidence on the First Formation of " the Medical Register," ‘ it is expedient to amend the said Act as herein-after mentioned: And whereas it is cx-c pedient that Schedule D. of the aforesaid Act should be amended: And whereas in ‘ Sections Thirty-one and Forty-seven of the Medical Act (1858) the Terms " Fellow " and ‘ " Member " of ther Royal Colleges of Physicians of London and Edinburgh are made use * of, whilst in Schedule A. in the same Act " Fellows," " Licentiates," and (t Extra Licen-e tiatcs " of the said Colleges are alone entitled to be registered: ' Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows:

1st July 1859 I. The First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine shall be substituted, to be substi- Jn Sections Thirty-two, Thirty-four, Thirty-six, and Thirty-seven respectively of the said st^Ynd 37' Act, ^or First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nino; and the said of recited Act' several Sections, and all Provisions of the said Act having reference thereto, shall be construed and take effect as if the Word July had been originally inserted in each of the said Sections instead of the Word January.

for 1st Jan. 1859.

Section 33 of recited Act repealed.

II. Section Thirty-three of the said Act shall be repealed, and no Person shall by reason of the said Act be or be deemed to have been disqualified to hold such Office as mentioned in the said Section Thirty-three, or any Appointment mentioned in the said Section Thirty-six, unless he shall have failed to be registered on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

PartofScbed. III. The Fourth Column of Schedule D. of the said Act with its Heading shall be ret

D. repealed. pealed and omitted. -

Amendment IV. The Term " Member " shall be added after the Term " Fellow " to the Qualifications

to Heads of described in the First and Second Heads of Schedule A.

Sched. A,

"Forty-six" to V. c And whereas in Schedule A. of the said Act there is a Reference to Section " Forty-be substituted < five," but the Word " five " is there inserted by Mistake: ' Now it is hereby enacted, That five"^nSclied. ^ie ^or^s " Forty-six " shall be deemed to be substituted in this Schedule in the Place of A. the Words " Forty-five."

Persons not VI. Nothing in the said Act contained shall prevent any Person not a British Subject British Sub- who 8hall have obtained from any Foreign University a Degree or Piploma of Doctor in

obtained Be- Medicine, and who shall have passed the regular Examinations entitling him to practise

gree may aet as Medicine in bis own Country, from being and acting as the Resident Physician or Medical s!cian€ &cFof- ^®cer any Hospital established exclusively for the Relief of Foreigners in Sickness: any Hospital Provided always, that such Person is engaged in no Medical Practice except as such Resident exclusively for Physician or Medical Officer.

Foreigners,

135

22?VICTORIA, <* 22.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Ye$r One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. [19th April 1859.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

€ YI^E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United ‘ * Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising ‘ the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session ‘ of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after ' mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ' and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven thousand four hundred Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six,

-a

II. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act

III. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

IY. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be hereafter granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

V. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on such Days subsequently to the passing of this Act as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. All the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Y .Y VII. It

Power to Treasury to raise 13.277,400/. by Exchequer Bills in like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15.

5 & 6 Vict. c.66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

The Treasury to issue and apply the Money raised.

Bills how to be charged and paid.

Interest cn Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Revenue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

k^oooie

Bank I T Engfct6«lrfttny< advance-: < ■.: &t9rr,*ool,w tbfrGlfeflif>Q£f: Bttk norvkb*

ttvUimgrb*

k.c^q

1,-nvj*. ».j d

;j 'J: *>,,/ '/ ir

trfi ■: I'-* '•] ;r. r'-r" ■''>• v>< ;r . )

» -*;■ »■::  ■■ ;r

;•£*.■ i '•■••oil

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1859, the Sum of 10,813,708/., out of the Consolidated Fund.

'fhc |lrf ai$fjr may cause ^ y>,813,7.p8iT©f Exchequer '. Bills to be made odt in -manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. e. 1 .*, 4&5W.4. c. 15., and 5 & G VicU c. 66.

‘ ■> .♦-! v ■:

The Clauses, 8cc. ia recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

22RIVICEWBM? lc/2$<23.

'VlMtbfsftftrf1 ldwflA 4jta< ^ dliEnglaui to

krtfl t(V <BxbhtqaeqrBill^/^be^tixi&derbuibjia

0^th$8: Aetf, iwp- | SufciW'Suins OflMoneyJicrtf exceeding im rtjierwhole ibetfindi /tf TJ^rfeeri xMllteth' two Jhurt(^d-and^dervintj<"9ri^ ,thousand FAtiriitwfyed:Pdiind* janythirifc ijt^n^Aw^ab^d -in th# Piftb^aitd iSktbYkateofihe/iRed^ arid Queen

iChfcptef ■ oiJ^ innriiy^duberipieiib ^cts^rf cfcvitraar^ lUiek^^ni^ aojrcrikt

riOt>NvithitrftKltWg,»' r r'A '' ' n» I'niH-vr;.} ,*f;uu*/J j {^r*» bur. }wd>rnjf! n >/>> i/nr-f.odt n*»• *11; It ** ~v ■'111ii) ,-/*»: I/■ jivfr* ) bin H *10 iri-rwl iub to j[;xir, K.-j,

'i/aiiToD tflloi .-'i?A -to y.l vjiUn nwi

i v opr, ■>n t-n /

T

*1

H.si-

L*

-if !i) r;mi;i

p ,i\:a /Ut.

-■ j i 11 [!< ‘mii

.17

! I" I

•' ii Y »rn til

) Mil- .*»:{/ T()t [ lij LV'l. ll

■ 1 >v/M,raio Imip [pj.vi't* iL*uu •)

;r r iii'.n [) ri • *!-ib ■.*» i <«t \ L - o' p Aui> n*

Ah Act to'aj^'fjly a Stim oiit!‘ofJ tMe'€!<^^idtfted'!Friiid ta ttle Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [19tn April 1859-]

-I> v/i [Most qtTOCiww.torejgiM: ■U'aZA!<Z/.'ZZ'u> mr-unTm' tZ ZJii'-A

*> VX/^-E; Yoari^fajfety'a imobtifl6ti£ulii*B4;joy*l,

1 ' ' Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towaj^ #a^jpg

iS?0^:1.........................................................................

hyAlie Authprity of the samei ats follows'':  V1 " ? '"

- «»'*,iYPe r.-rr W ^»ft ..;n„n?,T:-a; j. hnft;.i m< Ih.a, j- l,m. , J-. a - ,i .AUH -'■$/ Ttiere- iHallJand- knay be.issued'nndva^Ued,ifor flti tjo^rdfli njfdiiiflg gped »li«- Supply

gwmtdd^td Hhri&Ihje«ty>ro»;lriid Sbrtriee.dfitheiYjeftC 0»4) ffeasWai^ ,ei^lhuwJfed end-fifiyr

niftej th^Sum of J Ton. million eigtrt hundred. IbirtetohthoMflatatps^ypt hlmdped.wdright Powttdsj'biit'df the^GonsbDtWed-FuiidiotftheUnitiedijKlagdoijfejeftQi^at; Britw»l aftd,Jrolai»S, ftmftholCbiBmi^feiowcwbf'Beri Miqeatyi'elTreasn^oftbettUlmtedjKingdom-of^rfbat Brittaj^ Jrfekndy or thp iLMtl :Bigt PTreaaur«r [o^ithe'lJBilbedi.KinjfdDm. of IWlatid; for »th«» 'rimel * beirig^ aieon ir/kdr^ny: jaAthtwited; *wnd i ontpoyv^i to WJpat -Oiyl,apply the same accordingly. ■ *•••«!-: mi. -j<i >n ,'itl tl-tiy-. !l:j duv, r. thwm Ij't,,

- ITPlt- shall - bet dstwfuKfbr'thef said Co«Mnjisalonfeta df Htrf M^jeatylft^Creaso^y tfubm ^|me tif :Tiifle, ‘W^rraht-under their,Hindi, to cause Or ditoeotl atoy Jrfymbcr of EsqheqaerlBitts

to be made olit at'thfe Rodeiptof Hbr Majeaty'svExbhOquet at Wefttroinsteri fop a»y^8uin or ShtnS'of •hfOriey ttbi iwoeiding:«n»thfe^Whole, the: Sfiwiieff [Ten 0)111108 eight I hundred thirteen thousAnd 86vbn! hundred hnd eight Potnldsr,! tnd such EftcheqUer BAUa^hftU bo madei out in thb srtme oflike^faWner; Food, hadiOrdorjaild/aoeordiag ito -tho- aa(*e,,oB; Uke.Rulea and Eiirectibns, as are clircoted land prescribed in, an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign'of Hi« Majesty King: Goorge the Third, Chapter Goo, and in Another. Act passed in the Se^on of PirliameiitiiioMeh, ini the Fourth and Fifth Yewi-pf tho Reign of Hi*:late Mwjedty King Wiiliam the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, ,awl ip another Act! passed, in the Seeskitt'Of'PurHMnent holdeo in nthd Fifth and iSitthTflura of tht Be^U of "

ii'i'.ll

rPr:,-

of/Her present

i• rs" A:

Majesty/Chi^terSixtyvisix-,

;I]:i. Ali nod eyery. tie.Cjauf^i, Pr^risoeft Powers, ^iyilegies, AdVan^^^enalHie|k Forfuifures, and.pisnbjdifies contained ip. the Raia recited. Acts shajfl. be applied and extended to the Fxchetjoer JJiJle toi fjermade,^oyif-in pursuance of . this Act/as Eafiy^and effecftially tj> all Intent* and Purpopea as if particnlar^y repeated and re-enacted1 ih £hi8 Act. '

IV. The BtchetiuerlBills to be abdedutiiii, ptreuanoc, of this Act sh«Hi«ftd iaay bparao Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threejfenaed^fpenny: per Cental per Bw* iipott orin

fhft^ipias, ^^ined th^b., ,;j „ . v/ j .,

• •'•■> I<U? ': 'fifi.j (fU (>.J., ••,•!; 're, A ?Hi.*in»r'f(i£!T nr, , -Y» It

O^VIOTCfflMR) fcm

o) VnJ^ahaM* aidntoi«nteifawfii|/fci^ei^ ondCowpa&yof theBank of;England,

•nArthoy im^hereby 'e&pow^wrdd* £6 take; acdef>t,)a«d rereive the Exchequer Bilk authorized Itofbe&urfe siol dm qni**u$ateer ^ thrift Act, atad ioi advawoQ s 01^ lead to /Her Majesty, at the ^bedeiptnof thejEScheqber lit iWe^tniHifltnr, upon thai Credit ref the Sum granted by this Act, fM&i£T Ithe GonaoTfda^ed/^ /fhei fUOctal Kfi ntekmi of Crfeat Britftm and Ireland, any

Snnvor Siime of Money mt exceeding Jfa the ^boTe/tho JSumof Teneight hundred thirteen thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding,

YI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to(Thne to fthe Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the rcfblic SeiVice ' may require, as Security for any Advance> or Advarioes which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

YIL It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shidl then have bceri voted by the ^(M^oi^'b^ the Uiitted KiiigGtem of Great Britain and Ireland in this: present Session of

. op'^tns pf Mqnev to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills

^o^l^ej,Jfladc|fortj^ by, virtue.of t^ts Act, tegetn^r with the Interest that may become due

A------ -1--" ytue|Samc hei$)y madoehargeable and charged upon the growing

Jpp^oKilated ^M^d of, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at not later tlian the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Xltne^being; and they are heeebynuthlcnriaed, from Time to Time, by War-Hands; todireefe thev ConipirolleriGenerakt)f die Receipt of the Exchequer hfc-'W^stttoifesrter; \A s*u^t Manner as they ehall <hink necessary, to grant a Credit on the thejBank dfEagtond uhto :»i*ehRetain ur Persons aa shall be named MM• nayfSuhi‘<6* Sume of Money ncA exceeding in the whole a Sum 44 dftfchand1 pay bff the Principal »Sum or ISuhei 6f Mofoeyi contained in such thfctf otttBtatuliWgi and which may halve been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

theMoines in Id the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

W4dllrcl$ttdf b}J in Ait1 passed in* this Session of Parlihment, intituled u An Act to apply thc^ccm of One minion fw^ hundred tWenty-ttf d thousand three hundred and eighty-PodndeEihht Shilllngsaiid Niwepenee out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service m Of * th4* Year f eliding^ thi Yhirty-fhtft Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-^ tom4# andr also the SWm Of ^Eleven MiUmm: granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, Intituled " An Act to apply the Sum of Eleven Millions out of the " Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-^f4irt4^ alto the Sum df Thirteen nrilimn two hundred ind seventy-seven thousand fitter hundrediPWnda, granted by one otherf Act passed in this Session of Parliament, inti-tttted1*? Anf Act for miritig the Subi of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven u thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One * jhp^apd ^igbt Jp^dred aptf fifty-nineand also the Sum of Ten million eight hundred WHttW tj^y s$na sevyy hundred, and eight Pounds by this Act granted/amounting in the the Sum ofrTwenty-fhree million thirty-six thousand and ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings tpidr}^e^ncCsJnr(Mhney, and to the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven thousand mur hundred Pounds, In Exchequer Bills, shall be further are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued awl applied for or towards and Puiprekrnereafter e^rereel

X. c And whereas in order to provide for the Exigerifeies of the Navy Services it has been *1 necessary to incur an Expenditure for Xavy Services beyond the Grants for the Years 22 Vict. S € ended

137

Bank of England may

advance 10,818,706/. on the Credit of this Act, not* withstanding 5&6 W.&M. c. 20,

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

22 Vict c. 6.

22 Vict. c. 7.

22 Vict. c. 22.

There shall be issued 172,883*8* 9 d.

138

for Excess of Naral Expenditure beyond the Grants for

1857— 8 and

1858- 9: 133,383/. 8s. 9rf. for Excess of Naval Expenditure;

12,000/. for additional Shipwrights, &c., 1858-9;

27,0001 for Purchase of Property in the Great Harbour of Malta.

There shall be issued 6,3ll,723£ for Navy Services; viz .:

2,487,062/. for Wages to 62,400 Seamen and Marines;

995,647/. for Victuals, &c. in the Navy:

142,957/. for Salaries, &c. of the Admiralty Office;

186,057/. for Coast Guard and Royal Naval Coast Volunteers; 20,000/. for the Navy Scientific Departments;

50,000/. for Naval Establishments at home;

8,000/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

450,000/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

15,000/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. abroad;

700,000/. for Naval Store?, &c.;

22° VICTORItE; c. 28:

* ended on the Thirty-first Day of March: One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight and € on the Thirty-first Day of March On© thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, amounting

* One hundred seventy-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings

* and Ninepence:' Be it enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid ther*', shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One' hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence, to defray the Excess of the Naval Expenditure beyond the ordinary Grants, for the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray* the Expense of the Employment of additional Shipwrights and other Artificers in Her Majesty's Dockyards at home, which will have come in course of Payment during the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Pounds, to complete the Purchase, in the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March Oue thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, of Property in the Great Harbour of Malta.

XI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six million three hundred eleven thousand seven hundred and twenty-three Pounds for or towards the Navy Services herein after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million four hundred eighty-seven thousand and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Sixty-two thousand four hundred Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred ninety-five thousand six hundred and forty-seven Pounds to defray the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-two thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-six thousand and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, and the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the Contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home* which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day oi March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sura or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Expense of Naval Stores for the building. Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment

-

22" VICTORIA c. 25,

W91

meat during the Year ending on the Thirtj^first Dfty of ^March C)ne thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, "bn account, towards defraying the Charge of New Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services; which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Mareh One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the Victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in ootfrse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Packet Service for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

180,000/. for New Works in Naval Establishments;

15,000/. for Medicines, &c .;

22 000?. for Naval Miscellaneous Services; 350,000/. for Naval Half Pay, &c.;

2 40,000/. for Military Pensions;

80,000/. for Civil Pensions;

70,000/. for Freight of Ships, Conveyance of Troops, &c .;

300,000?. for Packet Service.

XII. ‘ And whereas, in order to provide for the Exigencies of the Army Services, it has There shall ‘ been necessary to incur an Expenditure for Army Services beyond the Grants for the Year be i881104 ‘ ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, amount-; Amy Services, c iqg to One million and fifty thousand Pounds:' Be it therefore enacted. That out of all or 1857-8. any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million and fifty thousand Pounds towards defraying the Deficiency upon certain Army Grants, for the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

XIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and* There shall applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three million eight hundred sixty-two be is4s"ed. f thousand five hundred and forty-six Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Wages of ArmyServices, Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the viz .: Supplies of Clothing, &c., Provisions, Forage, Fuel and Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding,

&c., and the Charge of Stores ipr Land and Sea Service* and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad, herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred twenty-six thousand one liun-: 626,153/. for dred and fifty-three Pounds to defray the Charge of the Wages of Artificers, Labourers, Wages of &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand Artificers, &c .; eight hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty i5a,oooi for thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Clothing and Necessaries, §ecessanes°d which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of ne ' March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 1,003,604?. for exceeding One million three thousand six hundred and four Pounds, to defray the Charge of provisions, Provisions, Forage, Fuel and Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., which will come in ni^™&cu.r"

S 2 course

boogie

718,088/. for Stores for Laad *iul Sea

Service;,

i

325,072/. for Fortifications;

242,507/. fbr i Works* Build* ings, &c.

797,122/. for Barracks;

6,358,009/. for other Army Services* tit .: <

3.724,474/1 for Forces in ILK. and Stations abroad (except Fast Indies);

562,369/. for Miscellaneous Charges at home and abroad (except India);

150,000/. for Embodied Militia;

88,000/. for Volunteer Corps; '

185,594/. for Salaries, Ac, , of War Depart* ment8;

359,040L for Manufacturing Departments, Military Storekeepers,Barrack Masters, Ac .;

268,532/. for Educational and Scientific Branches;

. . n j: .

12,0001 for; Rewards for, Military Service;

32? VI0f!f dfimj 6.35.

mri&W1 fafrrmfmiti:tKe

W'"the Tbirty-fii^tDay <jf: Mkreh Otfe'rfght'hUtedl,ed,»ti^,4ttty, fncRisi'vfe; And htiy Sana or Slims of Mbifeyhat etfciee&irig Seven hufttlred: eighteenthoUsaba;and tSghty-eiglii Pbiilwfe, to'defrAy thfe Charge ofWfcflike Stores fo* Lartd &hd Sek Service,1 which ‘will eonVe ih coutrse of Payment frttrtfthe FifstDay'of April One thousand eight hundred'arid fifty-flirie to the Thirty-first Dayof March One thousand7eight hiindred and 'sixty,1 inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money riot exceeding Thfe^ hundred tWebty^Vethousand and eevebty^ tWo Pounds, to defray the Charge of Fortifications rit home and abroad, \eh4cfc will cOlne in bourse of Payment front ftie First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-UTrter to the Thirty-firfirt Day of March Onri thousand erght.hundred and Sixty, inclusive; and any' Sum or Sums of Money1 nf<4t exceeding Two hundred forty-two thousand five hundred and seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of; Civil Buildings at "home and abroad (including the! Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds For Buddings, Machinery^ Stores,1 and Wages for thd Rifled Ordnance Factory at Woolwich Atfe^l), wkich will come in course Of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand right hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred ninety-seven thousand one hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Barracks at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine to the ThirtyDay of March Ono thouebnd eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum pr Suriis of Mctoey Uot j ejmeedirig Six million three hundred fifty-eight? thousand and nine Pounds, for defraying all the other Army Services hemn-after more particularly mentioned: (that is to say,) any Suik or Surit^ of Money not'exceeding Three million seven hundred twenty-four thousand four hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay and Allowances of Hrir Majesty Vtand FOrcekat home and abroad (exclusive of India), which will cyme in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand, eight hundred, and fifty-nihe to the^TTprty-first Day of Slarch One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive1; hrid;anySuth Or jSums of Moriey riot exceeding Five hundred sixty-twn) thousand three nutidred and sixtyTninc .Pounds ,; to defray the Charge of the Miscellaneous Charges of Her Majesty'fi DpuT Forces at horire and' abroad (exclusive of India)^ which willc6fricIncourse 6iPriyinent from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum, pr Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Embodied Militia jof Great, Britain and Ireland, which will course, ofrnyme^ from the First pay of April One thousand

eight hundred;and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-eignt thousand Pounds to defray the Charge of: YohmleerGorps ua. Great Britain, which will come' in course of Payment from the First .Day of April Unc thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ihte hundred, eighty-five thousand five hundred and ninety-four Pounds to defray the (Charge of. the Departments of the Secretary of State for War, and of the General Commanding ta Chief, which will come in course of Payment from the First Pay of April Qpfr th^uewd eight hundred and fifty-agrine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sumfe of Money not exceeding Three hundred fifty-nine thousand and forty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Manufacturing Departments, Military Storekeepers, Barrack Masters, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day Of April Om thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-firstDay-of MarchOne thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding1 Two hundred sixty-eight thousand five hundred and thirty-two Pounds* to defray the Charge^of the Educational and Scientific Branches, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand1 eight huttdi^and fifry-nine to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred; antFany1 S^m or Sums of Motley not Exceeding Twelve

thousand Pounds, on aCo6tnrf, towards defraying the Charge of Rewards for Military Service, ^hwhWill come ih course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first i i J. r i'. *•:? " u • .* >■ ? ' Day

arvieioftfoBj t-m. m

Dayof M*t«b ;Que thousand (fight [ImndixA and jjxty;r«nd-any not 35,000/. for

exceeding Thirty-five,thousondBoundi*,.on, ^ocounft.towariMdefraying;thaChargurof the ^°^General Pay of general Officers, which, widcomeiu con me of Paymentduring' the Yearanding oa ce"! the.Thirty-first Dayof-March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum. op 240,000/. for Stuns of. JVfoupy,, not, exceeding . T'va; hundred: and'forty; thousand Pounds* on account, *•**•* ••*. towards defraying the. Charge of the! Pay of. Reduced)and. Retired ^ftiGers, which will coma officers; in oouEse! of Payment during the Year, ending oa the Thirty-first Day pt-Maroh One ■ thousand eight Jnandjtad and,sixty .;, and any.Sum; W {Sams of Money nob exceeding Ninety 90,000/. for thousand Pounds* on account, towards defraying the Cliarge of Pensions to "yVidows of Pensions to Qffic&ra, andof Allowances ,; on the.Compassionate Ifi*t, which will pome in course of ^paSionate Payment during the Year, ending on the; Thirty-first Pay of March One thousand eight List, 4c .; hundred , tmd sixty j and any Sum or Sum* of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand 20,000/! for Pounds, on account, towards defraying :the Charge of -Pensions and Allowances to wounded Pensions, 4c. Officers, (which will coma in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first office"^*1 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixtyand any Sum or Sums of Money not 13,000/. for exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Chelsea ^Pensioner* and Kilmainham Hospitals, and. the In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of "4

Payment during the,Year ending.on the.Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Hospitals; hundred and sixty}, and any .Sum «r Sums of Money not exceeding Five lnmdred and fifty 550,000/for thousand Pounds,,on account, toward^ defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Oat-Pensioners Hospital, tfce,, which, will come in eouilse, of Payment during the Year onding pn the Thirty- Ho^teT&c-t first. Day of March One, thousand eight hundred and 4xty; ;»pd iuiy rium or Sams of 60,000/. for Money not, exceeding Sixty thousand Pound8, lOU account* .toward*, defraying, fhe Charge of Su'persmws-Superonnuation and Betired Allowances, which will; coma in coarse of: Payment during the Yenrending on the Thirty-first Day.ofMacchfOnethousand eightbnodrediftud sixty.

Out of aP or any the Aids, or Supplies aforesaid there: ph all and may be issued and There shall anp)ied any, Sqm.orSttrnsof Money not exceeding, Jwo Millions, tff, pay.on and discharge ^nfaHcqucc Bonds issued under dm, Provisions of the Act Seventeenth ,Victoria, (Chapter payoffEx-Twentjy-,three, and dated, the Eighth Day of .May 0qe, .thousand.: pight hundred and chequer Bonds 4||^-four* which wiU he, due and, payable,op tUg, Eighth Day.,of May. OpeAhoufftnd eight of}954'-hjW^ed!andfiftyrnine* h-,,i -IV • ,...0 .'.i'; ;

#-l!&Y* Opt of all. or any dip. Aids or Suppi/e&aforesaid there shaH anif may he issued and d^lied (hny^um or Siims ‘of Money hot'excieedm'g, Thirteen million,two hundred and 13,277,400/. aevciity-seven thousand four hundred Popuds, to phy off and discharge Exchequer, Bills to pay off Ex-charged on the Aids of One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, unprovided for. '. Mpro*id*i*for

XVI. Out of all'or any the Aide or Supplies aforesaid there shall arid may be iSsned arid There shall applied any Sum dr Slims of Money not exceeding One milHori otte hnndroi and iwfenty-five ^.jTooo/ f thousand Pounds, on account, for or towards defraying the' Charge of the Bevenue the Revenue** Departmewti, whieh: will come' in; course of Paymerit during the Year ending the( Thirty-first Department*. Day of March One thotikirid eight 'hundred1 and sixty t Pr6vided «Waye; :that the said Sum of One million one hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds shall not be issued and applied to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, or‘ to any greater Amount, ihatT totheUse, Intent, or Purpose, and to the Amount following; that is to say,-^ - r ■

Oil 1 r. • ‘ • t i: ‘ - *. I 0 •V.v • '. *;  1: T, T' r r: I t1'** •' I'M, ... ..

/ •/. <•» ' • r* !. r - ■" • ■*: i ' ■ K' } »v | ‘-"t1: ^ Dfi: jr- .£;

SW Salaries, &a, of the Custorae Department* -• * ■ >, .,-1* 800,000

Por .Salaries, &c., of the Inland -ReemMie Depattraeftt - > • * 800,000

Dor Salaries, &m, of the Post Office *- ■ , —: • . /.•;■«•. r.r. b**:-. , •• • *■' S00;000

For i Superan nations, &o., of the Three Department* ;12S,000

:.j\X!YlI. Out of all or any the Aids or Suppliepr aforesaid thar0 ;shall'and; may be issued There shait and applied any Sum or Sum* 'of Money not exceeding Qne million eight himdred and. fifty- 1^5^00/ for font thow^md Pountfe, an account^ fur or. tqwards decaying ^m Chargo of Ciy.il Servioea to c'ivfl Services, the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight, hunched and sixty: Provided always, that the said Sum of One million eight hundred and fifty-four thousand Pounds shall not

be

.^WBCtCORLE, c. 23.

be issued and applied to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, or to any greater Amount than to the Use, Intent, or Purpose, and to the Amounts following; (that is to'say,)

Class L Public Works and Buildings.

For Royal Palaces -

For Public Buildings

For Furniture of Public Offices

For Royal Parks, Pleasure Gardens, &c. *

For Probate Court and Registries

For Public Buildings (Ireland)

For Kingstown Harbour

£

20,000

40.000

10.000

30.000

10.000 20,000 10,000

Class II.

Salaries and Expenses of Public Departments.

For Two Houses of Parliament, Offices -For Treasury

For Secretary of State, Home Department For ditto Foreign ditto

For ditto Colonial ditto -

For Privy Council Office -

For Board of Trade - - - - - -

For Lord Privy Seal.........................................

For Civil Service Commission -For Paymaster-General -

For Exchequer (London) ------

For Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings

For Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues

For Public Records and State Paper Office - -

For Mint, including Coinage -

For Inspectors of Factories, &c. -

For Exchequer (Scotland) and Offices in Scotland -

For Household, Lord Lieutenant, Ireland

For Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland -

For Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland -

For Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland

For Audit Office

For Copyhold, Tithe, and Inclosure Commissioners

For Copyhold, Tithe, and Inclosure Commissioners, Imprest Expenses

For Registrar General, England -

For ditto Ireland -

For ditto Scotland -

For National Debt Office -

For Public Works Loan Commissioners -

For West India Relief Commissioners -

For Lunacy Commissioners -

For Superintendent of Roads, South Wales - -

For Registrars of Friendly Societies

20,000

20,000

8,000

40.000

9.000

5.000

20.000

1.000 2,000

4.000

2.000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000

8,000

3.000

2.000 2,000 1,000

7.000

10,000

6.000

4.000

10,000

1.000

2,000

4.000 1,500

1.000

4.000 500

1.000

For Secret Service - 10,000

For Printing and Stationery - - - - - 100,000

For Postage of Public Departments ■». - - - 30,000

Class

22" VICTORiDB, 0.23. 143

Class III. Law and Justice.

England.

For Police, Counties and Boroyghs, Great Britain _

For Registrar of High Court of Admiralty - - - -

For Probate Court, Salaries, and Expenses -

For County Courts, Salaries, and Expenses - - -

For Police Courts (Metropolis), Salaries and Expenses •>

For Metropolitan Police, Salaries, and Expenses - -

♦ For Queen's Prison*.Salaries aod Expenses -

Scotland.

For Lord Advocate and Solicitor-General, Salaries - ■ -

For Court of Session, Salaries and Expenses -

For Court of Justiciary, Salaries and Expenses - - -

For Exchequer, Queen's, and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, Legal Branch, Salaries* and Expenses ------

For Procurators Fiscal, Salaries - " - - - -

For Sheriffs' Clerks, Salaries - - -

For General Register House; Edinburgh, Salaries, and Expenses of sundry Departments - - - - - -

For Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh, Salaries and Expenses -For Accountant in Bankruptcy - - - - -

Ireland.

£

50.000 2,000

10.000 80,000

8,000

40,000

1,000

1,000

6,000

4.000

1.000

4.000

3.000

4,000

500

500

For Court of Chancery, Salaries and Expenses ' - 2,000

For Court of Queen's Bench, Salaries and Expenses - - - - 1,000

For Court of Common Pleas, Salaries and Expenses ~ - - 1,500

For Court of Exchequer, Salaries and Expenses - - 2,000

For Registrars to the Judges, Salaries - - - , - 2,000

For Registrar of Judgments, Salaries and Expenses - -» - 1,000

For Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency - 3,000

For Court of Probate, Salaries, &c. - - - 3,000

For Police Justices, Dublin, Salaries - - - - - 500

.For Dublin Metropolitan Police, Grant in Aid - - - 12*000

For Constabulary of Ireland, Pay and Allowances - 250,000

For Four Courts Marshalsea Prison, Salaries and Expenses - - 1,000

For Landed Estates Court, (Encumbered Estates, fto. in 1858) - - 7,000

Convict Services.

For Inspection and General Superintendence - - - 5,000

For Convict Establishments at^Home - - , - - - 50,000

For Maintenance of Prisoners m County Gaols, &c. - - - 20,000

For Expenses of Transportation ----- 5,000

For Convict Establishments in the Colonies - - - 50,000

- m •

Class .IV.

*" Educatioit, Sciencf, and Art

For Public Education, Great Britain -------------------------------------  250,000

For Science and Art Department - - 30,000

For Public Education, Ireland • • 80,000

For

2T VICTOR! A /c; 25.

K i.

i i w~

I 1,000: »;G00;

1,000

m$*o]

10,000

y3,600

2,000

2,000

80,000

20,000

For Queen's University in Ireland - ■ . • i f ^ ,.i

For Queen's Colleges, Ireland - >■• — ••• - •*;

For Belfast Theological Professors, •-

For British Museum (Establishment) - • - • i . ^

For ditto (Buildings) - - - -

For ditto (Purchased) - - . - -

Class V; :i *' > "v

Colonial% Consular, and other Foreign Servian <. . . • . ..

For Falkland Islands - - " *

For Labuan - - - - • • *

For Consuls abroad, including China and Siam - • • *

For Ministers at Foreign Courts, Extraordinary Expenses - * -

Class VI.

Superannuation and Retired Allowances and Gratuities for Charitable and ether Purposes.

For Superannuations and Retired Allowances - •

For Vaccine Establishment - - -

For Public Infirmaries (Ireland) - -

For Rotunda Lying-in Hospital - - - -

For Coombe Lying-in Hospital - - - -

For House of Industry Hospitals ' - - . .

For Cork Street Fever Hospital - - « -

For the Meath Hospital - - - . -

For St Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital - - - -

For Dr. Steevens' Hospital - - - 1 -

For Expenses of Board of Superintendence - «* -

For Concordatum Fund, and other Charities and Allowance?, Ireland -For Nonconforming and other Ministers, Ireland

Class VIT;

Miscellaneous, Special and Temporary Objects.

For Local Government Board (formerly Board of Health) - -

For Charity Commissioners (England) - - -

For sundry Commissions (Temporary) - - .

For Patent Office (Salaries, &u) - - - -

For Fishery Board (Scotland) - - - -

For Trustees of Manufactures (Scotland) - - -

For Joint Stock Companies Registration - -

For Designs Registration - - • -

For Locm Dues under Treaties of Reciprocity • - -

For Relief of Distressed British Seamen and others For Quarantine Expenses * - - . -

For Revising Barristers (England and Wales) - .

For Police at the Camps (Aldershott and'Shorncliffe)

For Treasury Chests Abroad, Freight of Specie, &c. - -

For Boundary Survey (Ireland) Expenses - • •

For Agricultural Statistics (Ireland) - - •

For British Consulate, Constantinople • • -

For CiviL Contingencies

- 45,000

! 1,000

- - 1,000

• 200

- 100

- ' 2,000

. ' • - 1,000

1 200

50

■ - ■ 350

- ■ - ■ ■; 100

m 3,000

' 10,000

2,000

■ - 5,000

- 7,000

. - 8,000

. 4,000

1,000

i: • 1,000

- ' • 1,000

- 20,000

. 5,000

• 1,000

- * - ' 6,000

2,000'

• 10,000

*• , 500

- - . 1,000

• 4,500

50,000

XVIII. The

88°W.«WlKmVc. 83.

m

XyiH. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied- Supplies to be tQAjmf Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than tbfr Usea, and Pi^o^es! JPP Pul^^gfor

before mentioned, or for the other Payments, Appropriation d*A^icatkm^ ^r*ecte4tb bej aforesaid, nsilfid^pr satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any"6t‘ *tKiV;

Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Sessiow of P^liament.: r ' J ' " ^

And as to the Sum of Two hundred thousand Potygds** being the-;Plroportion,5ltulestobe ot the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated ^

to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers which is applicable to the Half Pay of the1Sumap-° Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Rules propriating hereafter prescribed shall be'diily observed in the Appfieuttoiof the said Half Pay; Half Pay. ($atj Js to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part o£„ titfl-

and subscribing a Decoration to. such Purport and Effect as shall hei xgqiiired'l Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of itlve iHalf Fay ten b^ lje^ved; and no Person shall h^e or receive any Part of the same tbes

Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shqtylii^e. op receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service* ^cepi in^ we <36ttiiirission was received under Circumstances which

according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; ^bat n6»i Pqr^pq shall,have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and hasi haji no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Pe&ott by"j v^ue of any Warranter Appointment, except to such Person as would have bee#.Qthe$WiflekI eu^i^ed thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have receive any Pact of ‘tbe^

A for any Time during which^he shall hold any other Military Place or J&npJoymeiritoft funder Her Majesty or in Her .Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyompthe Seas*'! jit on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, ox erf lib I

ling any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government^*# Officer i " receive any Par);  of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's. Approbation, to be ! led by the Secretary-ajt-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer daitaing tbed tj Pay in pursuance j^f speh .Anpr^lj^ition shall specify in his Declaration the,other?

Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which Jbe may hoW or*I have h£id under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; thirt i^O-Pe^n who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight Hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Prdftt itt 4k*6Colonies or Possessions of

r^jesty beyond the Seas, or uujdf^.iipy other Government, shall^yq,nr,

,'<Sf the same for any Time during which he shall hold any sucl}. Civil Pla^c oifi [Oyment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possesions, of He j [e$ty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which tho^n^A lipt exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay arched to,the 1 t In virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as heroin-after ipeutioued^nflr MV'I any $iiph excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as-afore^id/ i anihhc Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his

Dej^^tqtion the Civil Place or Employment of Ejofit wbicfr he may hold or have held «3 afi^^aj but Jf the net annual Emoluuo^jgljs of such Civil Place.or Employment shaJU

[I Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall, shori ofFpur A Timps that Amount, then it shall be lawful for tlm,I$£ymaster General, with Her. Majesty's'-l Aj^p^ation, signified by the Secretarw^y^ isswe^.op^r

T\yghty^fourth Day ofT)ecember One thousand eight hundred and hftyrn}pe, ^q^puch 9$*:  th£‘Ethlf Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the netqqmnpl EmP^jm^UA of Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Anioqp^of speh. jlalf fay* i an^Jthp Officer claiming the Half Pay iu pursuance of such Approbationspecify in<hi$7[ Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secrctary-at-War; but nO(;^$ra>n who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand§ jgh$> btttfdr&d; anti -\l)GJy T twenty-

146

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828. An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

22° VICTORI® d. 28.

twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (ebccept in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any; Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, mily and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through the Secretary-at-War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

XX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

XXL ‘ And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have

* not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in

* possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same f were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reason-c able that they should be allowed to receive sucli Half Pay, though in possession of

* Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from € the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such

* former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said

Declaration

U7

22°^IGTQRIkE, 6.23,24.

Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive bis Half Pay.

: XXlI. And as to the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated for Widows, &c. defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as required De-nfotesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, claration. and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Maje^tjr 8 Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making ahd subscribing a Declaration to such Puiport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be Received.

! XXIIL Any1 such Declaration shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or Declarations more idf Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, or other Officer now by. Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before any of the Persons appointed 5 & $ W. 4. to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the c. 62. Pains, Penal tics, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages in the Church of Saint James Baldersbv iu the County of York. [19th April 1859.J

4 TIT HE RE AS the Church called Saint James Baldersby in the Parish of Topcliffe in c * * the County and Diocese of York was erected in or before the Year One thousand c eight hundred and fifty-seven, and was duly consecrated in that Year for the Performance *! of Divine Service therein: And whereas divers Marriages have been solemnized in the 1 said Church under the Opinion that according to the Terms of the Sentence of Consecra-6 tion of the said Church, or otherwise, Marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein, < and Entries of the said Marriages so solemnized have been from Time to Time made in £ the Register Books kept at the said Church, in compliance with the Provisions concerning A Registry of Marriages: And whereas it is expedient, under the Circumstances aforesaid, € to confirm the Marriages so solemnizedBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Marriages heretofore solemnized in the said Church, and the Publication of Banns in such Church previous to any such Marriage, shall be and be deemed to have been as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if such Marriages had been solemnized and such Publication of Banns had taken place in the Parish Church of Topcliffe.

II. No Minister who has solemnized any of the said Marriages shall be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his having so solemnized the same respectively.

Marriages solemnized in St James Baldersby declared valid.

Ministers having solemnized Marriages indemnified.

III. The Registers of the Marriages so solemnized, or Copies of such Registers, shall be Registers to received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in ** Evidence, the same Manner as Registers of Marriages in Parish Churches* or Copies thereof, are by Law receivable in Evidence.

n

148

Acts ani Tarts of Acts repealed, viz .:

5 G. 4; c. $4*

11 G. 4. &

1 W. 4. c. 89.

9 & 10 Vict

c. 20.

Extent of the Act

Powers of Directors of Convict Prisons vested in the Governor of the Colony, and may be conferred on other Officers as Visitors.

Principal

Officers.

Subordinate

Officers.

Power of Comptroller.

Power to Secretary of State to make lie * gularion*.

22:° Vie'BQRfcBj t. 2£

c a i>. xxr.

An Act for the Government of the Convict Prisons in Her Majesty's Dominions Abroad, [19th Apr#

c tl/'HERE AS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the Acta noiy e * * in force relating to the Control apd Management of Offenders sent to be kept to * Hard Labour in Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Out of 1England/ Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice arid Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Such Parts of an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter EigMty-

four, " for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain" as relate iso the Control and Management of Offenders sent to be kept to Hard Labour at Places out of England duly appointed for the Purpose, and such Parts of an Act passed In the Session holdon in the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth and First Year of King William the Chapter Thirty-nine, " to amend an Act pissed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty* for " the Transportation of, Offenders from Great Britain, and for punishing Offences committed " by Transports kept to Hard Labour in the Colonies," and of an Act passed irithe Session holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-six, " for abolishing *' the Office of Superintendent of Convicts under Sentence of Transportation," as relate to the Appointments of Saperintendent, Deputy Superintendent, and Overseer respectively in the aforesaid Places out of England, are hereby repealed. , f

II. This Act shall apply to the Convict Prisons or Establishments1 at Bermuda and Gibraltar, and in or at any other Colony or Place in Her Majesty's Dominions abroad "which may hereafter be appointed by Her Majesty for the Confinement of Offenders and keeping of them to Hard Labour.

III. The Governor of the Colony in which any such Convict Prison or Establishment is situated shall by virtue of his Office have, in respect of such Prison and Establishment, aft the Powers of the Visiting Justices of a County Gaolin England, or of a Director of Convict Prisons \rx England: The same Powers may also be exercised b(y any Officer or Officers who may be appointed Visitors by the Governor:of the Colony, with the Sanction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

IV. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty^ Principal Secretaries of ^tate to appoint, and at his Pleasure to remove, a Chief Officer of the Convict Prison o!r Establishment by the Title of Comptroller or of Superintendent of the Convict Prison or Establishment, and also a Deputy Comptroller or Superintendent, a Chaplain, a Surgeon, and One or more Assistant Chaplains or Assistant Surgeons; and it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Colony, in case he shall think it necessary so to do, to suspend any of the Officer* so appointed by the Secretary of State until the Pleasure of the Secretary of State shall be known.

V. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to appoint and at Pleasure to remove any or all of such subordinate Officers as may be necessary for the Service and Discipline of the Prison or Establishment, or to authorize the Governor of the Colony to appoint any or all of such Officers; and it shall be lawful for the Governor of the Colony to dismiss any of these subordinate Officers, whether appointed by himself or by the Secretary of State.

VI. The Comptroller shall have the same Powers over the Convicts as are incident to the Office of Sheriff or Gaoler in England, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Abuee of those Powers or-other Misbehaviour or Negligence in the Discharge of his Office.

VII. The Secretary of State shall have Power to establish Regulations for the Government of the Convict Prison or EstaMiriuDent, and for the Conduct and Duties of the Comptroller and all other Officers, and for the Diet, Clothing, Maintenance, Employment,

Discipline,

Z^ VICflORMaj L U. 149

Discipline, and Punishment of the Convipts; k end all* such Regulations shall be binding both upon the Officers of the Convict ^Prison or Establishment and upon the Convicts.

'1 VTIfEWy Convict lawfully committed to}the Custody of the (Comptroller of the AstoDetcn-(PdirHdt Pri*bn orr Establishment shall continue there until he shall become entitled to his Freedom, or;^hall be absolutely or conditionally pardoned,, or shall, by Order of One of~Her 0f the Pri-Majestyvs Principal Secretaries of State, bp eituer transported to some other Colony, or soners. reinpve^jtQ^some other Prison, or discharged with lacpqpe to.be at largq on such Conditions ^ m the saj^ Qrder nfiay be expressed.

i EC. No Convict irho is labouring under any aiute or dangerous Distemper shall be Discharge of discharged unless at his own Desire. geroudy iiL*'

If any Officer or other Person^ exVept for a lawful Purpose and with the written Penalties for Authority or Licence of the Comptroller, bring into the Convict Prison or Establishment, Introduction of or jooBvfeyt to;any of the Convicts on their Way to or from the Public Works, or whilst ^teVlli-employed: on those Works, or »attempt so to bring or Convey, any spirituous or fermented quors into Lic|uorj he shall for any such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twehty Pounds, Prisons, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour/ for a Period not exceeding Three Months^ and any snch Offender may be apprehended and carried before a Justice of the Peacey-und the Case be heard and determined by such Justice in a summary Way.

XI, If^ any Officer or other Person, except for a lawful Purpose and with the Authority Penalties for qr licence of the Comptroller, bring into the Convict Prison or Establishment, or throw thelntroduc-into it, or convey or attempt to convey to any of the Convicts on their Way to or from, the bu^°Articies Public Works, or whilst employed on those Works, any Tobacco, Money, Clothing, Pro- into Prisons, virions, Letters, Papers, Books, or other Articles not expressly allowed by the Rules of rijeh Prison or Establirimictit to be in the Possession of a Convict, or (by Desire of any Convict?) harry any such Articles out of such Prison or Establishment, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without IJard Labour, fora Period not exceeding Three Montie; and every; such Offender may be apprehended and taken before a Justice of the Peace, and the Case be heard and determined by euct Justice in a summary Way.

XII; Tf any Person assault or violently resist any Officer of the Prison in the Execution Punishment Of ^is Duty, or iild or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer,, he shall for for A^£llt8 every such Offence be liable, on summary Conviction before a Justice of the Peace as onhePr^nB* afo^aid, to ,a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without Hard itjaliour, for a Period not exceeding Three Months; or, if the Offender be One of the Convicts, ho shall for ev^ry such Offence be liable, on Conviction before, such Court as is herein-after mentioned, to, be kept in Penal {Servitude for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

XIII. Every Convict who breaks Prison, or escapes during the Time of bis Conveyance for Escape cr to or from the Convict Prison or Establishment, or Whilst on his Way to or from the Public Attempt t0 Works, or during the Time of his Employment on those Works, shall be liable, on Convic- escape* ti^n, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Two Years, and upon any ^Second or subsequent Conviction for a like Offence shall be liable to be kept in Penal .Servitude for any Term not exceeding Five Years; and any Convict who attempts to break Prison or escape as aforesaid, or who forcibly breaks out of the Cell or other Place in which pe is confined, or makes any Breach therein with Intent to escape, shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding One Year.

XIV. Every Person who res ones or attempts to rescue a Convict during the Continuance for Rescue or of his Sentences to be imprisoned, and every Person who aids in such Rescue or Attempt to of

rescue, shall be liable, on Conviction, to be sentenced to Pencil Servitude for any Term not scue ' exceeding Five Years.

. XV. Every Person who supplies any Arms, Took, or Instruments, or any Means of for supplying Disguise^ to facilitate the Escape of a Convict, or who in any other Manner assists any Means of

Convict E5CipCi

for wilfully

permitting Escape;

and for negligently permitting Escape.

Commencement of Term of Penal Servitude under this Act of a Convict Offences how to be tried.

Annual Keport to be made.

Half-) early Returns.

Short Title.

22° victo*i^.>

Convict to escape or Attempt to escape, whether an Escape be actually made or not, shall be liable, on Conviction, to be sentenced to Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Five Years.

XVI. Every Person having the Custody of a Convict who shall knowingly and wilfully allow him to escape shall be liable, on Conviction, to be sentenced to Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Five Years.

XVII. Every Person having the Custody of a Convict who, through Negligence and Carelessness, allows any such Convict to escape, shall be liable, on Conviction, to Fine and Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court

XVIII. Every Term of Penal Servitude to which any Convict is made liable under this Act shall be a Term to commence from the Expiration of any unexpired Term of Transportation or Penal Servitude to which such Convict may have been sentenced, or if there be more than One such Term, then from the Expiration of the last such Term.

XIX Every Offence under this Act (not expressly made punishable Qn summary Conviction) shall be inquired of, heard, and adjudged by the Court which, by the Law of the Colony or Place where the Offence is committed, has or may have Jurisdiction in Cases of Felony, or of Crimes which, if committed in England, would be deemed Felonies.

XX. The Comptroller, Chaplain, and Surgeon respectively of the Convict Prison or Establishment shall, within the First Three Weeks after the Commencement of each successive Calendar Year, submit to the Governor of the Colony a General Keport on such Matters relating to such Convict Prison or Establishment and the Convicts therein as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State or the Governor of the Colony may from Time to Time direct; and such Reports shall be forwarded by the Governor of the Colony to the Secretary of State within Three Weeks next following, so that the Reports shall always be despatched within Six Weeks from the Commencement of the Year at latest, and earlier if possible.

XXI. The Comptroller of the Convict Prison or Establishment shall make Returns specifying the Name of every Person in Custody in such Prison or Establishment, the Offence of which he was found guilty, the . Court before which he was convicted, and the Sentence of 6uch Court, together with his Age and bodily State, and his Behaviour whilst in Custody; and also the Names of such Offenders as have died whilst in such Custody, or have escaped, or have been lawfully discharged fron* the same; which Returns ©hpll Jge made to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State on the First Day of January and First Day of July in every Year, or oftener, if directed by the Secretary of State, and shall be attested by the Oath of the said Comptroller before a Justice of the Peace.

XXII. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The Convict Prisons Abroad Act 1859."

4 Sc 5 W. 4. C. 24.

20 & 21 Vict, c. 07.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend the Laws concerning Superannuations and other Allowances to Persons having held Civil Offices in the Public Service. [19th April 18590

‘ Vl/'HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years ‘ of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, " to alter, amend, and conso-

‘ " lidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made ‘ " to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's ServiceAnd f whereas by an Act of the Session holden in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her ‘ Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, Section Twenty-seven of the first-recited Act, by which an 4 Abatement was directed to be made from the Salaries of Civil Servants entitled to Super-

* annuation

22" VICT0HM2, t. 2R 151

* annuation Allowance, was repeated: And whereas it is desirable further to amend the said Act

• as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Sections Ten, Eleven, Thirteen, Fourteen, Fifteen, Seventeen, Nineteen, and Twenty- Sections 10,

four of the said Act of the Fourth, and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth arc hereby repealed, but such Repeal shall not affect any Pension, Compensation, or Superannuation 0f4&W.4. Allowance granted or Act done before the passing of this Act. c. 24. repealed.

II. Subject to the Exceptions and Provisions herein-after contained, the Superannuation Ordinary Kate

Allowance to be granted after the Commencement of this Act to Persons who shall have vrance~

served in an established Capacity in the permanent Civil Service of the State, whether 1 n

their Remuneration be computed by Day Pay, weekly Wages, or annual Salary, and for whom Provision shall not otherwise have been made by Act of Parliament, or who may not be specially excepted by the Authority of Parliament, shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

To any Person who shall have served Ten Years and upwards, and under Eleven Years, an annual Allowance of Ten Sixtieths of the annual Salary and Emoluments of his Office:

For Eleven Years, and under Twelve Years, an annual Allowance of Eleven Sixtieths of such Salary and Emoluments:

And in like Manner a farther Addition to the annual Allowance of One Sixtieth in respect of each. additional Year of such Service, until the Completion of a Period of Service of Forty Years, when the annual Allowance of Forty Sixtieths may be granted; and no Addition shall be made in respect of any Service beyond Forty Years: ■ -

Provided always, that if any Question should arise in any Department of the Public Service as to the Claim of any Person or Class of Persons for Superannuation under this Clause, it shall be referred to the Commissioners of the Treasury, whose Decision shall be final.:

III. Nothing herein contained shall interfere with the Grant to the Officers and Clerks This Act to who entered the Public Service prior to the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight apply to Per-htfndred and twenty-nine, of such Superannuation Allowances as might hereafter have been '^civTsJr-11 granted to them under Section Nine of the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Tice, but with-King William the Fourth, or shall prevent, restrict, or diminish any other Superannuation oat Prejudice Allowance, Pension, Gratuity, or Compensation which, if this Act had not been passed, Rights!1^ might hereafter have been granted to any Person who shall have entered the Public

Service before the passing of this Act, but, except as aforesaid, the Provisions herein-after contained «hall apply as well to Persons who have already entered the Public Service, whether before or after the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, as to those who may hereafter enter the Public Service.

IY. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time, by any Provision for Order or Warrant, to declare that for the due and efficient Discharge of the Duties of any computing Office or Class of Offices to be specified in such Order or Warrant, professional or other Su^rannua-peculiar Qualifications, not ordinarily to be acquired in the Public Service, are required, tionto Per-aud that it is for the Interest of the Public that Persons should be appointed thereto at an 80ns holding Age exceeding that at which Public Service ordinarily begins; and by the ,a,„e or any £SST cither Order or Warrant to direct that when any Person now holding or who may hereafter special Offices, be appointed to such Office or any of such Class of Offices shall retire from the Public Servic6^ a Number of Years not exceeding Twenty, to be specified in the said Order or Warrant, shall, in computing the Amount of Superannuation Allowance which may be grahted to him under the foregoing Section of this Act, be added to the Number of Years during which he may have actually served, and also to direct that in respect of such Office or Class of Offices the Period of Service required to entitle the Holders to Superannuation may be a Period less than Ten Years, to be specified in the Order or Warrant; and also to direct that, in respect of such Office or Class of Offices, the Holder may be entitled to

- v Super-

m

-*.!■ IvMn-p'TS nj v .; .; v:a *fJ i

:.j ..»/■ ? n>>

Allowances in Cases of bodily Iojary.

-?i o.* coorti-»M i f. 1

iU‘f*A£-r

IWHilr ■" 11

Tre®M% to r t grAftl-GrotW-1 • ties feC1'

short SeWTtft-*

Power to Treasury to grant Allowances on Abolition of Offices.

> ..-n!»■*/# 'Rf'.-'r ;t,nJ;w -t, off;'i

*■» "S' bv .:

Condition of

Gr^nt of full - •_ Superannua- . ' tions io public^ Servant-sjjot Heafa ofDe- v partmenis,^j;, j

n\

vf n) > ,rl‘

Power ic^cc^ sury to grant Allowances for special Services,

■j)

**oti Vr,.- -«ri

and for Demerits in individual Cases.

<V it 7f

Evidence of Infirmity of Persons under Sixty.

a2vVieWRT®,7c."28.

%Sa^efkriu»doQ//iU^ugkj'l^(mt(yj^r<}i()ld''bi0iAp^(}kiiiiteilt)'<itiKodv'<k(ta^th^Ot^)W^/an(l

&noay:ttntdfeverleiitefed'tHe^SwVice'witbit Certificate; <fnM« the CCtil f^tviee'Coittittlesfefflefti:

^imided ativ'ay^ tbftt^ eWiiy Crtter lor Wartafit made fl&de^ this- !En&cttjlettt shaft- bcdaid

teforotBaHkinen&ft:1 '•"'••'uuoirf I-> •.•iidn<I vim Jj-y/r/t ;»v. u d-:, ty.i ii.uk ihnl-u

n--i'U/ .eei.Ui'-U V'-'i' '''A-ji. hep :W'tii v.J'tj-yq "Ci?' en/y^;  -.it! rlci(

^arA 3pl»g.

•too/t, Afi: M'W/W1 fe

'4wP'W Wft^lhp IP;*?W-

aimuauon Allowance, is compelled to quit the Public Seryice by reason of pqqyy

Injury, occasioned, without his own Default, in the Discharge of his public Duty, a Gratuity 30ra*p JJMbi t $%. fee ftmqrJT Wl > TSe*w,(bfi I Service ,:.<W, r fc, S^pAranfliJiKion J^Wiju^ce, ,qpk ^s#§etUngj:Xo4I Sixtieths Aonnal; Salary. Hath E awMwwlfeittf! hip Office*

3' Vl!1 It gtfarff be law felt f*ot the CWmissioners'&f1 thfe ^jre^uryfe, ^-a^t tp any t*er^on Ao,

X. TT 1J._ -C -- rtff.. !- -----* -/? * Ha-.;uuL- ^be

fftiv/ ylJiiO.'tt!

tcffl ni

___ tee.

• ■■-T(J ,

-b-VII,- It {shall bft-.tfcwfolnfor'^ C6ra«tjs»u)Btsr8 of iihe Tr>ea$t»ry td gvaittt to toyBcnjol* retiSe^ipP>teeaofvedififein^thc Publio Stsimeiio xtoilseqneBDe>ofl the Ajidlition of ■ hiaCMSoe^ drier, the Pu»pd*A of facilit&tif^;  i Itnjirorvememfe in iW'OtgtaimtibQ; of-. th» DepaJrtrpJeBt itt>. wkteh ,; he beV^g*, igreater 'fifficienoy and;r£*indray ixmi be ;effectedt euch^pedwl

fthnt^lvAJlH'VaneA' hy mtyi-ttf. Compensation asr otiia full! <i«on»iidjjniti«)rv offldte Oircuidstancea q£Giito^yjBtietnActfthfc BddCogDCfnfdbntfesrB ten be a, reMonlU«ie»dji}stCwapen^atio*fee the OftoT/t' if 'the iCsBfeewdtioo iabalh eseedd thd lAipottnttfiw.hlcheuchi hiorsowi

would have been entitled under the Scale of Superannuation provided by this Act) if; Tau

cXCeted T^v^'ijiirds o^ /he feahary and Emoluiiierits o'f thfe Omc^'.'" .

J .'.■■■ • ' \;ir. I ■ !/. 1 -II Jill

,Viq. Jt shtdl not be la^ful fer the (^mpiissi^ne|,s ,of the .Treasury; to .graqt the^ull Ahio'iint of Superannuation ^llpwnnqeSyliMh' granted «nder ibis Act^to, any Perfe^

auction of a Cerhneate; (sifjned py fhe liea^ Pmcer pfMtpe Pepartii\ent, or by Tavo J^lea^ Officers, if there be more tliah Oneythat he hais^ Berveil with Diligence and Fidelity to the S^ta^tiqnorsuohllfead, Officer, on Qfeqeretf; svffl iinAV^;y;,t:asp in) which s>w \m AH)0wanw,is,grafe#d,,ftftep;th« tRelMwJl,Qf ailcb,(t)ertjlioate}i thP J^liawfe grwptiqg,^ sb^l jMiieqlMUAhft\0vpmdAiOQ,,wbiqb:fH;A4ii>^H)«f fegninMr ! . M I !■ iA

any retfeon; any ‘superannuawon, Ajornpensation, vsratn«ty, or otner Allowance' 'or,gr«tt<ai ikrilotoilt thin thc A^iodrit 'whiclv might be Attarded to hini'-under the feregttiiig PVovfekmp,1 when special Services rendered by such Person, and requiring special Reward, shall i*pf>edr

any such Allowance of less Amount than otherwise would have been awarded to Inin where hip ^qfeuM.ft(9i;s^m94t, ,jn s»iA&tf fe^ theiPrqblio^eryipe jappeftCT tff Jthein fe justiify^ch

fi •;- RS'dmf eilj 'lo vvrr! •>. iivd> q '.fit !.->v r- <>. ml t f.-|.;

k>l

tf'Mmwwtyh

• '* • Xi. Every

as0 yienoiRiai/c. 26.

l.ni^v/Kveiyifffl^/to>]vfcoiRt^nSUp^rfihmWti&ti ft>ri<Jpnapen8Mioft Allowance shall hare be*»(gi»ftl^fcef^^eh»9 haw attuned the Age,of;Saty Yeans«h*U, until lie has attained jthtftoAg^tiihe iKahle /to; jbe i dolled mpoii :t#i fill, in «&yPfuJtrof Her Majesty's Dominions ifc which he shall before have served, any Public Office or Situation under the Crown for

?ich his previous public Services may render him eligible; and if he shall decline, when ted'tibbtf tdfffi>%, ‘to take uWoh mm ,'*ucli'Qffifce or Situhtihn,!Or stall decline or neglect 'th^^edf' ^Visfbct^ify>'beirtg! itr * ' 1 -

__ . ,___ ________________ _________r ^ itr n competent State of Health, he

His1 Right: to the Comperigation or Superannuation Allowance ‘which had been

™tob'hin£,I •'"* -*■» ;•<-'/ ! . ' •

TllfJTjnT.) , MnU 'il'ilD f -I.i if'. I i-,j‘ I • a* 1: . . * t ' ,'j < • .; »>« ■ . - ■ * -i . 1

-*1 * *t&I®rifwhereas 'It' will be for^ the Advantage! <yf ihe PubHc Service that Officers

*feo ^peratoimbtida Allowances under this or other ^ A^ts shalj^ b^ eligible for other Public Employments at .hope pd abroad, without forfeiting *°jtnexrClaims to such" ^]fowances :J (: . , .; ‘ , ‘ ,

t>( ,br hereafter tQj be transferred from Employment entitling him to

^peranjbp Public Employment under the Crown not so entitling him

he ehti^l^bii his hhimate Retirement from the Public Service, to the same Allow-auce a^ lJf 'he ^ continue^ to ^djd^the vacated App°intme«t and at, the same Rate of Salary as when the same was vacated, subject nevertheless to the Conditions which would in that Case have been applicable with respect to the Grant of such Allowance; provided thaOiUshatt be davrfSulfor theCbnwhissionersofthe Tifeasiiry^ in the CasO of Officers trans* f&»idUo;G6verw©rthi^A and Licmbetwnt-Govevnorehips of Cblonies, and other high Offices ahrOad^4Mfe^cd<ifot a fimited Period, to grant such Superannuation Allowance to such OfficQfs brt the ExjWratibnof such Terinof Service Without a Renewal of Public Employment^'but nny Officer' to whom such Grant is made while under the Age of Sixty Years gh*li be-4mt^ be oaUed upon to fill Office under the Crown, as

heroin J provided concerning other Persons lukder that Age to whom like Allowances are grtfotbdV;/ ''‘^1 '.'I *' . ;• • ^ :• •

1 i>y tips T^ct directed to be laid before Parlia-

^id before both tipuses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the making ament be sitting, ppd if parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting thereof.

H^dK llftb'^ehsion'^baU^ be granted under the l^^ovisions of (Section Six of the Act of the

------who shall

m

Persons superannuated under Sixty may be reqnired to serve again.

Persons to re* tain Right to Superannuation on Transfer to other Employment under the Crown.

Orders, &<%, within what Time to be laid before Parliament.

Section 6 of 57 G. 3 c. 65.

~ „ on,y t° »pp!y

One Half of to Officers having had Seats in Parliament

Acts in Schedule to be construed as referring to this Act.

Fi^-sWenth^ ear offing fireorye the T^iird, Chapter Sixty-five, to any Person

Soi jhave^ land a Seat in One Qt the Houses of Parliament (luring the Period or Oi ie Period for, which he haa held Office, as in the said Section is mentioned.

om oj I fmii .» .. • *_ 7 f ii'.-.v 7 . > * .. ' , * - • ■

"i;I25V>rTh6 d^era! 'Section* infcntioned 'in the S^HddUle hereto of thfc several Acts of 'sflie theteih 'ttifentioned; shall be cottsthied sb if th5s A&t; instead of the said Act of the Fourth irtd'Fifth'Yetirs of the Reign of King1 William the Fourth had beett b ^ i E^ctfla^ ** refer.{to the gcale. of

§^^anwation Alfp^apee: established, by the Provisions hereby repealed of the aaid Act of R,ii>g, fffz,0baJl be. jCp^stri^ed if the.$cale established by this Act had 9/^(^ftwed;tpr, )({ i. .iw: .1-, f ' ■

r^Vl./Ali Superahhiiati Compensations, Gratuities, and other Allowances granted or herSpafer under this Act to be granted shall J>e Pa^ to the Persons entitled to receive the same witnoiit any Abatement or Deduction in respect of any Taxes or Duties whatever at pr&pnt existi^ the Tax upon Property or Income. /

i XVll. Fo^ the Pnt-poSes of this Act, no Perfeori hereafter to be appointed shall be Whotobe deemed to have served in the permanent Civil Service of the State unless such Person holds deemed Civil hjys,ApD<dptntent, directly front^he Crown, or has been; admitted; into the; CivU Service with eervanti* a Cqt]tihpate £nw,the Civil Seryice Commissioner^;  nor shall any Person, already appointed 1gl $9jft be, to hafvo served in the permanent Civil Service as aforesaid, unless such

Jq' alrei^y ^ntitied tp tSiipenunmntioxL Allo.wfnoo, «- to'a

Class in which, if he had been appointed thereto subsequently to the passing of tins Act, be $2 Vict. U would,

Allowances to be paid free from Taxes.

{

164 22* VICTORIA:, c. 26, 27.

would, as holding his Appointment directly from ths Crown, or as having been admitted into the Civil Service with such'Certificate as Aforesaid, have become entitled to such Allowance; and no Person shall be entitled to any Superannuation Allowance under this Act, unless his Salary or Remuneration has been provided out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Out of Monies voted by Parliament,

c *4 and^this XVIII. So much of the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Aot to be con* Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, as is now in force and not hereby repealed, and this Act, shall stroed together, be construed together as One Act.

Short Tide. XIX. It shall be sufficient, in citing this Act, so use the Expression 44 The Superannuation Act, 1859."

SCHEDULE A.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 42. s. 1.

7 W. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30. s. 21.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 100. ss. 5. 10. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 89. s. 39.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. s. 15. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 87. s. 46. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 78. s. 22. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 110. s. 9.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to facilitate Grants of Land to be made near populous Places for the Use of regulated Recreation of Adults, and as Playgrounds for Children.

[19th April 1859.]

* \\7HEREAS the Want of open public Grounds for the Resort and Recreation of c * * Adults, and of Playgrounds for Children and Youth, is much felt in the Metropolis 4 and other populous Places within this Realm, and by reason of the great and continuous 4 Increase of the Population and Extension of Towns such Evil is seriously increasing, and 4 it is desirable to provide a Remedy for the sameBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent pf the Lprds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Lands may be conveyed to Trustees to be held by them as public Grounds, &c.

Form of Convey*# ce.

I. Any Lands may be lawfully conveyed to Trustees, to be held by them as open public Grounds for the Resort and Recreation of Adults, and as Playgrounds for Children and Youth, or either of such Purposes, and for any Estate, and subject to any Reservation, Restrictions, and Conditions which the Donor or Grantor may think fit: But this Enactment shall not extend to authorize any Lands to be so conveyed for any greater Estate pr Interest than the Donor or Grantor would, independently of this Act, have Power to dispose of.

II. Any such Conveyance of Land to Trustees may be in the following Form, subject to any Modification thereof which the Case may require:

* T A.B. do hereby convey and grant to , as Trustees for public

* * Ground for the Parish [or Parishes] of [here describe the

4 Lands conveyed or granted], to be held by them as public Ground for the Purposes of 4 " The Recreation Grounds Act, 1859." '

And it is hereby enacted, That the Grant or Conveyance of such Lands shall not require Enrolment, nor to be by Indenture,, and shall be valid,, although the Donor or Grantor shall

die

2rVlCTQRHB,Tc.27,m

[die Avithin Twelve CalendarMonthsiafter making ©f each Grant; auyjof thePreyiskmaof

,the Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George,%fie Second,^Chapter. Thirty^-six, to the contrary notwithstanding*; , ' .-v: \ r-

ttr. With respect to Lands belonging to any Municipal Corporation, such Grant may bo lawfully made by the Body Corporate, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Hejr Majesty's Treasury, signified by their executing the Deed of Conveyance.

; IV. With respect to Lands belonging; .to. any, Parish* such Grant may and shall be made by the Trustees or Feoffees (if therfi shall be such), or otherwise by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish, in pursuance of a Resolution for that Purpose of thq Vestry Or other Body having the Management of the Affairs of such Parish, passed in Meeting duly assembled for the Furpose, and with the Approbation of the Poor Law Board, to be testified by their Seal being affixed to the Deed of Conveyance.

V. With respect to the Appointment of Trustees for holding any such Grounds for the Purpose aforesaid, the Lord of any Mahor^ ot the Churchwardens of any Parish, or the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Township, or all or any sucji Persons to whom Lands shall have been conveyed as aforesaid, shall be a Body Corporate for taking,, holding, and disposing of such Grounds, and instituting, maintaining, atid defending any, tVoceedings relating thereto; but the Management and Direction of the same shall pe and remain in such Persons as may be named in the Deed of Conveyance thereof; and hi case no such Persons shall be so named, or there shall be a Failure of such Managers and Directors, the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales shall have Power to settle a Scheme for the Appointment of the Managers and Directors: ~

VI. The Managers and Directors may from Time to Time make and enforce any such Byelaws, Orders, and Regulations for the Management, Preservation, Disposition, and Care of the said Grounds, and the Government of aH Persons using or frequenting the same, as shall be approved by the said Commiwiojaejcs ipid in ^cp^i^cerwith the Conditions of the Granjt; and no Byelaws, Orders, or Regulations in any Manner.restricting the public tfse or ^Eiypyment of the said Grounds shall be valid unless sanctioned with such Approbation.

. VIJ. It shall be lawful for any Person fo ,bequeath any Personal Property, not exceeding Qne thousand Pounds in Amount* for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of pur* phasing, preparing, maintaining, and preserving such Grounds for the Purposes aforesaid, ppd ornamenting the same.; , , iM;

Vllt. this Act shall extend to England and Treland ov^y, and limy be cited for all Purposes by the Title of €i The Recreation Grounds Act, 1859."

H ;■ i f > ;» -»T r^- 4- - V-+V U'nil SSEttSTfi* r J i.f* • I .<1i,, t - r i >

5, i ■ J ■: • . . . \ . :•! -■ - • ■■ I -

/ • . v ■ " i " - ' ,r- 1 ■ ' i m 11r

• <„'■ . • • . CAP. XXVIII. ;■ ;r .

.itn -4p£ to continue ttie Act for, the Regulation of. theAnnuities• an$ Wemiuips of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society. [19th April 1859;]

i Yji^HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session Of- Parliament holdon in the'Eleventh

* " and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for regulating the Annuities and

* Premiums of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society; and by the Second Section

* of that Act it was enacted, that such Act should take effect and continue in force for Ten c Years from the passing .thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of c Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that such Act should be continued fqr the f Period herein-after mentioned:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice" ahd "Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

U 2 Commons,

m

How Grants of Lands belonging to Municipal Corporations . may be znsde. How Grants- 6f Lands belong* ing to Parishes may be made.

Appointment of Trustees.

Managers and Directors may make and enforce Byelaws and Kegula-tions, subject to the Approval of said Commissioners. Personal Property may be bequeathed for Purposes of Grounds.

Extent of Act and Short Title.

11 & 12 Vict, c. 58.

Recited Act continued for Ten Years.

22° TaOTXHlJttfcTe) E», M 30.

Commons, in this present Parliament^Msembl^, andrty the Authority of the same, That the herein-before recited Act passed m^tlte Session of Parliament holden in the Eleventh

irt of bWl; cwtwpe ■ Jim fecw i fft*p ew* fnt*

and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlianj^tt

i i

v>] I ":•< 0»;O luriod , 1>iC*JTrj uvyA 11 >'1' *r • H Sift ^

\y >' s! ;»i!t Jo eauArv ar*I s*lj v^inJ~7^y:{ , <Ei K>rn;)y^i)A b.rp )unT h 7t-.w/ 1/

'itofin yfiji. ,8c"! ):i "i ■. v- '. ■ O

flU'KIV a*1!

)"-A hill I OI uhiO<u|')>! .‘.nft .;i< tj-j-bp. * taroErvin1! nm >

liiaoi^i /o ;< ? ••;' *3 i' .; ;:v)uv' •

.} »-:*i • •'>:.•

til*:  •>!

g r- '.1

Temporary Provisions of recited'Act fUrther eon^'-tifiaedJ f' - /

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon the Union Funds. [19th April 1859.]

‘ WHEREAS by the Act of the Twentieth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, * * certain Provisions made by the several Acts therein referred to for charging upon

^ the Common Fund of the Union the Costs of the Relief and of the Burial of certain poor ‘ Persons, in those several Acts described, and the Costs of removing and maintaining f certain Lunatic Paupers, tvere continued until the Thirtieth Day of September in last ( Year, and tft the End,of the then ensuing Session of Parliament \ and it is expedient that 4 such Provisions should be further continued for a limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That all the said temporary Provisions continued by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, shall further continue in full Force until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and to the End of the

itinn nnvf Qnoulr\n f* Oovlmmonf

then next Session of Parliament.

„Ji!;'inn vri; m -o ,i w/i io ./. A

li.-iMwi )l ** "*>u»>u T bm: U ad; o; jiu::  rl;. .;

/llJi t!l Vi A fchfl VM'ti',, i. 1 /]

Jbalri li ,1b V 7/ } U v j: 1 ij '> <1

\iJCAi ,V.l. Uv.'imvi jvo-jj

Persons, &c. making Payments upon Confirmations and Probates under Act 1858,to be indemnified.

Short Title.

-------CAP xxx;------------------

An Act to amend the " ConfirmitihiiJafld ^i'hhit^ Act, 1858."

'H: \r.j M \v?v.A. mtsAVvrU \jA ,}00g, H- \) v\\!'\v;avoA A\\ ss.no A

T>Eifc unacted Ajp'tbd Qii&hJatm©sfc\EaCtlleni > '-Majesty ,\>b;p> nnd'i'w itb- the Atiai& and Consent of the Lords SpiriiualnndTebj{)dtaLa*^Co«^b«*s,iir‘ttri8'pMs6ntPttrliainent

VfiWJWffffft lo in, .?! !er#o.I o;l- .,r.«f7/

i I. ' Att Perswnsi apfl Gofporatfbtis wh»,.hi*41idn& arion* UnyilfisinmMini'pb^ a Confirjttfttibn ^nied undif thei «;C6bftrimationiahd'Profeht«( Act,* nttd rdlPeraenaf

and 'Cafpiraii&ns1 whop in teh4ftceup«tovu&y8t*&'Ifi0trttmehGwhich> tawtialttd under-tt#

Authority trf thu said Act ^ith tfae ft^^' th^iPrinoJ^'OOTJrt of Ptobate the Cotat) «f f^-obate i^ ikefr/in^andi «1A Jt^lfenoe upon {any

Instrument purporting to be a Probate or Letters of Administration granted by tnO Obiirt of'Probate 5n'knbfanrf^or'iC6u«^f:p«Ubat.'i»<lft*t>r*»i( ^ndba^Agmtdoiuodor^t^^ therbdn by' tfan 'ConmiMnry'Olerkl ffl^EdAthtrykt in th^ 'Fowu in ihe-isaitt

Cdnftrmatinn ahd PMliate A<rt;pto«oijbedy<sbftU b«n*e intedd toi>^d«*miitea y} he mhdei'br shHU' mtthd or pewtilt Jt^ be made, any Pa^mfent Jor apoadayeuobi CoWfirtnatkHt,

PnAat^, hr ILpttew; <rfl Admiatistnitfonv Bhalt fed indtnnbifi^d1 tmd^ prot«*ed ib eo doing!: notwithstanding any Defect or Circnmstance whatsoever affecting the Validity of Stioh-Cadfirauttion, Pijobatfe, or Leitetn of'Adminiatratqon. ' t

, iAfr.M'ww ^Acf>,i^9*"j

u-,0 t•? J A It:'ttiwuv;;i.) I -.•-..t;* -.J ii-.c

*nh< > *.ui I l Ir^. '-ii»■■»>* wKiwin e.tuA -t;

Ulv-iij io *l*‘iijt:» 'Kf ,yUiAi.UO ) • ij L»}i

..OS ^.V3GT,<MfflirlW8lr.0!:<:

ijulT .amife aril io yin^rhi/A sHLi {(Lbw; ,tyIr\^rn/ ;hbT jaoaoiq airit m ^nonur < > /ftrrovaL*! orft ni noblorl ifr3rn^ihr»‘iMo ^rfAm^os^q nA boii:m oiotori-aioioH orf;

A»tAi«?fo 'ttfcftrltt tjettaitf ‘P¥d¥fei^l 0^^s ttiftifSf Hie1 @dt¥rfitti6fltT Act

^ *° noisr.0^ izorr r.ori) arit to F>n3[ adJ o) eono/':  mjr>

* Yl^HEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her

‘ Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local

* Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders in the Schedule to this Act

* annexed; and it is provided by the/^oyejfeid Loc^l Government Act, that no such Orders ‘ shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament;

( and it is expedient^thtttffth0,ttlhiOfdil‘8^Ali^iWlb0I(ijb be^firttidd^ttfldfitottherf FttAisibA ‘ made in relation t hate to: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queers mis tifiscdlle lit Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of.the Lords,.Spiritual and Temporal, and. Commons, in this present Parliaiil^ii^n^m&W,. same, as follows: ‘ /[

I. The Provisional!Oifdeita bontaiilelt mi'.ttuB ^ohodijJe iwOTlfaW tatontaedl shalL frOtn «*d

after the passing of tikis,Act, he absolute! fiiidi be, as btndihgf and dfthe like £V)roe:and. Effect; as if the Provisions of tb&safoQjh&dJbetto expsesHyiiehaoted invthjaiAfSL f ■.'■ti.r.u.l r; - '

II. The detached i?Oftion of the Township,of'fifewtdhbokhiy PAfatlti6

of Newton

Lancaster known as Aifrkfnanshulmc shall, for k^!P^rpo&s whatever relating to ways within the Limits thereof, be considered^ anaas not forming Part Heath aforesaid, but be ;6biitfJdfcte(t aM tfeitej Wa ^epSratc and distinct Township within the Parish of Manchester for all such Purposes, and be liable to repair its own Highways accordingly. J [»u;>. -irfj /d btHfU jn<^ qifoir.mr:*'! 7

m

jo A fy ' ir>. lord 3v--*> '7

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Separation of Kirkmans-hulme from Newton Heath District,

21

[fe'Tbis 'X$ sM U8 dedlh^d'

m 8yi‘W ^if^'Aci'atia te;sard:L8c

Act mwrpe-rate^with■> & 22 Vict, *><#8.,

r rf__ prat G&Ver^ loupr

i.'iy.nmni. [ To no;-.t/m non)

IV. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, Short Title, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1839." ~

T7T7T7—.7

'.''(■'‘ I ,1\>A SfO<H<ff'{DfiUij4<33BH'!!‘M(>') *'•;*l{t finon: :; ■: .1 ./ ;■ A

pkrvmoniit ' Authorizing the borrowing 8,500£ by the Worthing Local Board of

bin. Health, and theitebbrrowiAg. efae. Muckxof ihriri present Debt < tf deieetiHomhi

jn Hibyl1httsaid'Bofipdli^Lpciriii(to'eHtau7tfr!debil85$v[iBeej.!l&«i< -dt V- «

Whereas the Local Board of Healtti'lkWl ToA th^ tMsti^dt oV^ortiiihg ld 'thfcdobtinty ofiSus«}^ tOjwhichi thei Publifi Health Aot*iH84fl,(wh» dutyappliod hji.Brwvmbfciil/Onler beanog! dttte 1 the &svetitwAtb, :diyi ofi January 11832, 'and cpufirmed .lgrrThei, Firsts Public HcnUb>S»ppleme«tal Aeti d832}:h#ffej «nlerf the^pow-w^jof, Abo Public Health ;Aqt,'1648, executedoWorkft of Sei^Craget aud Water rSilpply, ian)4 tbooes#; of such works has exceeded ooe yeajrjs, a#sea#tble .yaksC/of the prenwiecs-iaeseawdJ^ inithifti the.said DistrieLtc 'rriti the feaeft, WlJi0Ml 8d» drt»-CTv fj ■>;, ».•,'i»toJ[ v, I 1 ;•<-? t li.' -f T.

niAftA-whereas Auder thftpo tiers ef .fha \Pwblic Health, Act*j MH8*. andof^fliei FiiBtjpriblwi BealthiSupplemetjtai Actu 18^ theAaitl LboiljBpord;haNe hoitit)\ved ofihit.Prpyidesrt. Liffe> Olfii^tthftbuw <4 8>5DOhi i aud jofThfe i^debe T ebutopeeiGomp^uy Abet *rt»f R)f6; ft bb)

credit of; the, Spieoial Dietriefc JUrtee larttte*i®^c bcf*ftade veolljwtteA uider fche sfid fiitetwr

mentibned Act; aad haye lamc^ ahdj di^cluifgbd Itwrtierts. df/.tha petncipll of thft tah$.

•home*.. / *-i if. / «:•; )•;*;-.! vrrjto k> .'ECI v.'i« :!•• • :-'.n

And whereas it may be desirable and jtatpodiant; rfiii^dhe ^ftid Lbeal Bodrd lto.i«b#aeUd»*e; the.twp debts.now remaining due to the said Provident Life Office and Globe Insurance Compktiy; at/d in case' either if the said Com jiilhYes shall advtthOT the SPm of money nereoy authorized to be raised under the powers of the " Local Government Act, 1858," to consolidate such new loan with thc^flnhfliatiag dobto owing to—the said Provident Life Office and Globe Insurance Company, or either of them.

And

; i V .:.r

n* ,f? s*H-u-1 >ff <>tu: m 7 :!.!<' r*

. I h ' f. 111 • i 1

loft 28? VICTORWtfSIi

Power to reborrow the Amount already owing by the Local Board of Health.

Power to borrow 8,500/.

And whereas the said Local Board have, ia. pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1868, presented a petition, bearing date the-Second* day of November 1858, to the Right Honourable Spencer 'Horatio Walpole, asoueof Her Majesty'ft then Principal Secretaries ef State, praying for power to borrow, under the provisions of the said Local Gpvernment Act, for the purpose of the said works, the sum of 8,500/., and to reborrow, under the powers of the same Actysdmuoh of th&sum of l5flQ0L already borrowed by the said Board -as is stilLdue and owing by the said Board.!; it

And whereas tirn whok^anratmtso TOught to be borrowed and reborrowed -does not exceed two years assessable) valueof the premises assessable under the said Pubiia Health Act and4 Local Government? Act within the said District;

- And whereas inquiry has been directed by the said ‘Secretary into the subject of the said Petition, in the manner directed by * the said Local Government Act*

* And whereas it appears expedient that the powers sought < by the said Petition should be granted, but this catnnot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power vested in me by the said Local Government Act, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, I do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct:—Th^t, from and .after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order:—

1. —The said Local Board may reborrow, and take up at interest, on the credit of the

General District Rates authorized tb be made and collected under " The Local Government Act, 1858," all or any part of the principal sum and sums of money which at the time of such reborrowing shall be due and owing to the said Pro>-vident Life Office and Globe Insurance Company, or cither of them, for the purpose of redeeming the securities existing for the said original loans, and of , consolidating tho principal monies remaining que to the said Provident Life Office and Globe Insurance Company, or of consolidating such principal monies, or either of them, with the new loan authorized by this Provisional Order to he borrowed, and may mortgage and assign to the person or persons by or on behalf of whom such sums are advanced the said General District Rates for securing the repayment of any sum or sums so to be reborrowed and borrowed as aforesaid, together with such interest as aforesaid. And the respective Mortgagees shall be entitled to a proportion of the Rates comprised in their respective mortgages, according to , the sums in such mortgages mentioned to have been advanced. And each Mortgagee shall be repaid the sum so advanced, with interest, without any preference over the others of thenf by reason of any priori^ of advance or the date of hia inortgag^ The , money authorized by this Section to be rehprrowed may be borrowed for such period, not exceeding fifty years, as the said Local Board and the person or person^ lending the same shall mutually agree and determine upon. And, subject as aforesaid, the said Local Board may either pay off the monies so reborrowed or borrowed, with the interest thereon, by equal annual instalments, or they may, in every year, set apart as a sinking fund, and. accumulate in the way of compound interest, by investing the same in the purchase of Exchequer Bills or other Government securities, such sum as will be sufficient to pay off tho monies so reborrowed or borrowed, or a part thereof, as the said Local Board may determine.

2. —The Local Board may, from time to time, or at any one time, borrow and take up at

interest on the credit of the General District Rates authorized to be made or collected under " The Local Government Act, 1858," any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of 8,500/., for the purpose of defraying any costs, chargee, and expenses incurred, or to he incurred, by them in the execution of the said Public Health Act, 1848, or of the First Supplemental Act, 1852, or of the said Local Government Act, 1858, or any Provisional Order under the said Acts or any of them. And for the purpose of securing the repayment of any sum or sums of money so borrowed, together with such interest as aforesaid, the said Local Board may mortgage and assign over to the persons by or on behalf of whom such Bum or sums are advanced, the said General District Rates. And the respective Mortgagees shall be entitled to a proportion of the Rates comprised in

their

20" VICTOR!®, c. 81. m

their respective mortgages, according to the sums in such mortgages mentioned to have been advanced. And each Mortgagee shall bo repaid the sum so advanced, with interest, without any preference over the others of them by reason of any priority of advance, or the date of bis mortgage. The said money may be borrowed for such time, not exceeding fifty years, as the said Local Board and the n « i . persons lending such mondy shall mutually agree and determine upon. And, subject as aforesaid, the said Local Boards may either pay offu the monies so borrowed, with the- interest thereon, by equal annual instalments; or they may, i / inevery year, set apart as a sinking fund, and accumulate! in the way of compound interest, by investing the same in the purchase of Exchequer Bills or other i ij Government securities, such sum as will bo sufficient to pay off the monies so borrowed, or a part thereof^ as the said LocaLBoard may determine. ^

Given under my Hand this >First day of April 1859.

(Signed) T. SotiieroK-Estcourt.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Nanttvich Local Board of

Health.

,.vi Local Government Aot, 1858.

Whereas by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the Twenty-fourth day of September 1850, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Township of Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and the said Township was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And Whereas the said Local Board have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums amounting rn the whole to Eleven thousand six hundred and seventeen Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence, to defray the expense of a portion of the works for the drainage of and supply of water to the said District, which 6aid sums equalled, at the time they were sanctioned to be borrowed, the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under that Act within such District, but were not sufficient to defray the remainder of the cost of the aforesaid works.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78tli Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned the Right Honourable Spencer Horatio Walpole, being one of Her Majesty's then Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow a further sum Or sums, not exceeding in the whole one-quarter of the yearly assessable value of the premises assessable within such District; the said further sum or sums to he repaid within a period of thirty years.

And whereas the said Secretary of State, after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, and alter the assent of the ratepayers of the aforesaid District in public meeting assembled, is of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of JParliament.

Nbw, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct ns foliows:—-

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order— 'I.—The Local Board of Health for the District of Nantwich, in the County of Chester, shall have power and authority to borrow, for the execution and completion of works of sewage and water supply within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the Local Government Act, 1858, a further amount not exceeding a quarter of one year's assessable vqlue of the premises assessable under such Act within the aforesaid District, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of thirty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this First day of April 1859.

(Signed) T. Sotheron-EsTcourt.

Provisional

22" VICTORIA, c. 31

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Worthing Local Board of Health.—Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Repeal of Sections in Local Act.

Byelaws as to Boats, Ac.

As to Offences under the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847.

Byelaws as to Esplanade, &c.

Consolidation and Repayment of old Commissioners Debt

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by Provisional Order bearing date the Seventeenth day of January 1852, and confirmed by the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, have in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for alteration of the said Provisional Order, and also for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, that is to say, an Act passed in the Second year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act to repeal two Acts made in the forty-third and forty-ninth years of His €t late Majesty for paving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and establishing " a Market therein, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, for erecting groyns, for " laying a duty on coals imported into the said Tow n, and for other purposes relating to the " improvement of the said Town."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District m respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears to me expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the ^me Department^ do,, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and After the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order—-

1. —The parts of the said Local Act specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be

repealed.

2. —The said Local Board, from and after the day aforesaid, may, in addition to the

Byelaws already made under the provisions of the Said Act, make Byelaws for the licensing, regulation, and management of boats or vessels let to Ure for the purpose of sailing or rowing for pleasure, and the persons attending the same, and the fares and prices to be received and taken by the watermen or sailors attending and conducting such boats, and for the situation of capstans on the beach, in the same way and subject to the same conditions as if such Byelaws were framed under the powers and for the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858.

3. —Any constable or other officer appointed by virtue of the Act of the 19th and 20th

Victoria, chapter 69, shall within the District of Worthing have all the powers conferred by the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847, upon the constables referred to in that Act.

4. —From and after the day aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, and

they are hereby empowered to extend, enlarge, alter, and protect from the sea the existing public walk or esplanade in front of the sea, and the public lawns and walks adjoining thereto, as they may think fit, and to make Byelaws for the use, order, and management of the same, and of the beach adjoining the same. Provided always, that nothing herein, or in any Byelaw to be made in pursuance of this Provisional Order, shall affect or impair any public, private, or prescriptive right to dig, remove, or take away any sea-weed, stones, boulders, flints, marl, sand, or gravel, within the limits of the said District, or any prescriptive right of the fishermen to mend and dry their nets on the beach within the same District.

5. —The said Local Board may from time to time borrow and take up at interest, on the

credit of the General District Rates authorised to be made and collected, uqde,-the " Local Government Act, 1858," all or any part of the sum of 9,022/. now due and owing by the said Local Board as Commissioners acting in execution of* the said Local Act, and for the purpose of redeeming the existing securities for

the

#

3i'

t^e same, upon clue notice, given to the present Mortgagee^ or their legal reprq-j 1 rentatiWs; mS vhky mortgage1 aiid Assign over tb the; Jtfy or on

behalf of 'whom huch sums arC adVaneedtHe said Geheriil District Rate for securing

the repayment of any sum or sums so to be borrowed as last aforesaid, together with such interest as aforesaid; and the respective Mortgagees shall be entitled to a proportion of the rates comprised in their respective mortgages, according to the sums in such mortgages mentioned to have been advanced. And each Mortgagee shall be repaid the sum so advanced, with interest, without any preference over the others of them by reason of any priority of advance or the date of his mortgage, and the said money may be borrowed for such time not exceeding fifty years as the said Local Board and the persons lending such money shall mutually .agree and determine upon; and, subject as aforesaid, the said Local Board may either pay off the monies so borrowed, with the interest thereon, by equal annual instalments, or they may in every year set apart as a sinking fund, and accumulate in the way of compound interest by investing the same in the purchase of Exchequer Bills or other Government securities, such sum as will be sufficient to pay off the monies so borrowed, or a part thereof, as the said Local Board may determine.

Given under my Hand this First day of April 1859.

(Signed) T. Sothekon-Estcourt.

; Schedule to which this* Qrdap refers. • v * ^ •

^Tb^garts of the Local Act refereed to In tfnsOrder to be repealed are as follows; that is, to say, ..... ,.‘Cj \ v.: „ ..;

% The sections numbered respectively in the copies of the said Act printed by the King's Printers, 30, 6f, 62, 63, 124,125, 137, 138, 139, and 140.. • , / r J

Provisional Ofder fair altering the Boundaries of the district of Newton ITeath, hi the County >J. Palatine of Lancaster, as constituted 'for the Purposes °f the Public Health Act,

Whereas by an-Order of Her most‘Gracious Majesty in Council; bearing date the Twenty-ninth day of December 1853, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to: the Township oLNewtOn, commonly called NeWton Heath, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And whereas it appeared to the General Board of Health appointed for the purposes of the Public Health Act, I84$y that the boundaries of the said District, ns determined by the said Order, should be altered and amended in the manner prescribed by the Said Act.

And whereas the said General Board, in pursuance ofi:the provisions of the said^Act, directed Alfred Lamferte Dickens, a Superintending Inspector appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the said District, to^make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses sb to the boundaries, not being the boundaries of the Said Township; which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the sftid Act; and the said Superintending Inspector having previously given the requisite notices, proceeded upon the Said inquiry as directed by such Act and reported thereoil in writing, and copies of that Report have been published and'deposited, but the proposed alteration of the boundaries for the said District Cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament. ‘ •;

And whereas "the proceedings and things mentioned in* thelast-two p&agraphs were begun or made before the (»foing into operation of' the Local Government ACt^ 18SS.

And whereas it is enacted by the Local Government Act,1858, that al[ proceedings, Contracts, matters, and things respectively begun or made Under any section Of 'the Public Health Act* 1848, repealed by the aforesaid Act, may respectively be proceeded with and enforced as if no ouch repeal bad taken place.

22 Vict. X Now

Penalties for Offences may be remitted by the Crown although payable to Parties other than the Crown.

22° VICTORIA, c. 31,32.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, I do, hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my Hand, order and direct as follows, that is to say :—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order—

1.—The provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and of the Local Government Act, 1858, shall apply to and be in force within the Township of Newton, commonly called Newton Heath, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, except the detached

Sortion of such Township, known as Kirkmanshulme, (which is shown by a dotted ne on the map accompanying Mr. Rawlinson's first Report on Newton Heath, addressed to the General Board of Health in February 1852, and described on such map as " the detached part not to be included under the powers of the Act;") and the aforesaid detached portion of such Township, called Kirkmanshulme, shall thenceforward be excluded from the area of the District of the Newton Heath Local Board of Health.

2.—The present Local Board of Health for the time being for the said District, as originally constituted by the herein-before recited Order in Council, shall, from and after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, be the Local Board of Health for the District as constituted by this Order and the Act of Parliament confirming the same.

3.—At every election of members of the said Local Board which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as constituted by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so constituted; and any person residing therein, or within seven miles thereof, may be elected a member of the said Local Board; but the number and qualification of such members and the day of such election shall remain as fixed by the herein-before recited Order in Council, bearing date the Twenty-ninth of December 1853, - -

Given under my Hand this First day of April 1859.

(Signed) T. SotheroS-Estcourt.

C A P? XXXII.

An Act to amend the Law concerning the Remission of Penalties.

[19th April 1859.]

‘ Vi/HEREAS Penalties which under Penal Statutes are made payable to Parties other * * " than the Crown cannot be remitted or pardoned by the Crown where no express

€ Provision has been made by the Statute for that Purpose, and it is expedient that the f Law as to the Remission of such Penalties should be amended and made uniform:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty (or in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland) to remit in whole or in part any Sum of Money which under any Act now in force or hereafter to be passed may be imposed as a Penalty or Forfeiture on a convicted Offender, although such Money may be in whole or in part payable to some Party other than the Crown, and to extend the Royal Mercy to any Person who may be imprisoned for Nonpayment of any Sum of Money so imposed, although the same may be in whole or part payable to some Party other than the Crown.

)

22° VICTORIA, c. 33.

163

CAP. XXXIII.

Ail Act to enable Coroners in England to admit to Bail Persons charged with Manslaughter. [19th April 1859.]

* X/U HERE AS in many Cases Inconvenience and Expense have been occasioned by the

* Inability of Coroners in England to admit to Bail Persons charged by the Verdict

* of a Coroner's Jury with the Offence of Manslaughter:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tiie Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In gvery Case in which a Coroner's Jury shall have found a Verdict of Manslaughter against any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Coroner or Deputy Coroner before whom the Inquest was taken to accept Bail, if he shall think fit, with good and sufficient Sureties, for the Appearance of the Person so charged with the Offence of Manslaughter at the next Assize and General Gaol Delivery to be holden in and for the County within which the Inquest was taken; and thereupon such Person if in Custody of any Bailiff or other Officer of the CoronePs Court, or in any Gaol under a Warrant of Commitment issued by such Coroner, shall be discharged therefrom.

II. In every Case in which any Coroner or Deputy Coroner shall admit any Person to Bail he shall cause Recognizances to be taken in the Form given in the Schedule to this Act, and give a Notice thereof to every Person so bound, and shall return such Recognizances to the then next ensuing Assizes, and such Coroner or . Deputy Coroner shall be entitled to such Fees and Charges as the Clerks of Justices of the Peace are by Law entitled to on admitting Persons charged to Bail

III. At any Time after all the Depositions of Witnesses shall have been taken, every Person against whom any Coroner's Jury may have found a Verdict of Manslaughter shall be entitled to have from the Person having Custody thereof Copies of the Depositions on which such Verdict shall have been found, on Payment of a reasonable Sum for the same, not exceeding the Rate of Three Halfpence for every Folio of Ninety Words.

SCHEDULE.

Be it remembered, That on the Day of in the

Year of our Lord A.B. of , [Labourer], L.M.

of , [Grocer], and NO. of , [Butcher], personally came

before me, One of Her Majesty's Coroners for the [County] of , and severally

acknowledged themselves to owe to our Lady the Queen the several Sums following; that is to say, the said A.B. the Sum of and the said L.M. aDd N.O.

the Sum of each, of good and lawful Money of Great Britain, to

be made and levied of their Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements respectively, to the Use of our said Lady the Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, if he the said A.B. fail in the Condition endorsed.

Taken and acknowledged the Day and Year first above mentioned, at ,

before me,

J. S.,

Coroner for the [County] of

X 2 Condition

In Cases of Manslaughter the Coroner may admit Persons charged to Bail.

Recognizances to be taken.

Persons against whom Coroner's Juries have found Verdicts of Manslaughter to be supplied with Depositions.

22° VICTORIA, c. 33,34,35.

Condition endorsed.

The Condition of the within-written Recognizance is such, That whereas a Verdict of Manslaughter has been found against the said A.B. by a Jury empannelled to inquire how and by what Means came by [his] Death; if therefore the said

A.B. shall appear at the next Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery to be holden in and for the [County] of , and there surrender himself

into the Custody of the Keeper of the Gaol there, and plead to such Inquisition, and take his Trial upon the same, and not depart the said Court without Leave, then the said Recognizance shall be void, or else the same shall stand in full force and virtue.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. [19th April 1859*]

6 G. 4. c. 129.

* HERE AS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of KingGeorg* the

* " Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, € and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof: And whereas different Decisions have been c given on the Construction of the said Act:* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Agreements in certain Cases not to be deemed "Molestation " or " Obstruction," 'within the Meaning of the recited Act.

I. That no Workman or other Person, whether actually in Employment or not, shall, by reason merely of bis entering into an Agreement with any Workman or Workmen, or other Person or Persons, for the Purpose of fixing or endeavouring to fix the Rate of Wages or Remuneration at which they or any of them shall work, or by reason merely of his endeavouring peaceably, and in a reasonable Manner, and without Threat or Intimidation direct or indirect, to persuade others to cease or abstain from Work in order to obtain the Rate of Wages or the altered Hours of Labour so fixed or agreed upon or to be agreed upon, shall be deemed or taken to be guilty of " Molestation n or " Obstruction," within the Meaning of the said Act, and shall not therefore be subject or liable to any Prosecution dr Indictment for Conspiracy: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Workman to break or depart from any Contract or authorize any Attempt to induce any Workman to break or depart from any Contract.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Municipal Elections. [IQth April 1859.]

‘ WHEREAS it is expedient that the Law relating to Municipal Elections in England * * and Wales should be amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows*:

Division

22° VICTORIA, c. 35.

165

Division of Boroughs into Wards.

L If Two Thirds in Number of the Council of any Borough shall agree to petition and The Division the Council shall thereupon petition Her Majesty for the Division of such Borough into Wards, or for the Alteration of the Number and Boundaries of the Wards into which any may be altered. Borough is or from Time to Time shall be divided, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, if She shall think fit, by Advice of Her Privy Council, to fix the Number of Wards into which such Boroughs shall be divided; and every Borough shall be divided into the Number of Wards mentioned in the Order in Council made on such Petition:

Provided nevertheless, that Notice of every such Petition, and of the Time when it shall please Her Majesty to order that the same be taken into consideration by Her Privy Council, shall be published in the London Gazette One Month at least before such Petition shall be so considered.

II. The senior Judge, or, in case of his Absence from the Kingdom, the next Judge in the Commission of Assize for the Summer Circuit next after any such Order in Council shall have been made, shall appoint a Barrister for the Purpose of determining the Boundaries of such Wards, and apportioning the Number of Councillors of the Borough among such Wards as hereini-after mentioned.

(3IL The Provisions of Sections Thirty-nine, Forty, and Forty-two, and so much of Section Forty-three as remains unrepealed, of the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, shall extend to any such Division of a Borough into Wards, or to any such Alteration of the Number and Boundaries of the Wards into which any Borough is or may be from Time to Time divided, and the same Sections, and also the Provisions of the Tenth Section of the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth and First of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Seventy-eight, and of the Tenth Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Seventy-nine, shall apply to every Election after such Division or Alteration; and the Barrister so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have all the Powers* Rights, and Privileges mentioned in Sections Thirty-nine, Forty, and Forty-two of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His kte Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six; and the Costs and Expenses thereby occasioned shall be paid and discharged, and such Barrister shall be remunerated at the Rate of Five Guineas for every Day he shall be so employed, over and above his travelling and other Expenses, out of the Borough Fund.

IV. After the Declaration of the First November Election of Councillors after such Division or Alteration, all the Councillors for the Borough so divided, or for the Wards so altered, as the Case may be, shall go out of Office, and their whole Powers and Duties shall cease; provided nevertheless, that any of the Persons so going out of Office shall be eligible to be re-elected; and in the First Year after such Election of Councillors for the Borough so divided, or for the Wards so altered, as the Case may be, those who shall go out of Office shall be the Councillors who were elected by the smallest Number of Votes at such Election, and in the next Year those who shall go out of Office shall be the Councillors who were elected by the next smallest Number of Votes at such Election, the Majority of the whole Council always determining, where the Votes for any such Persons shall have been equal, or when there was no Poll, who shall be the Persons so to go out of Office.

Notice of Election*

V. Seven Days at least before the Day fixed for the Election of any Councillor or Town Clerk to Councillors, the Town Clerk shall prepare, sign, and publish a Notice in the Form contained Publish Notice, in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, by causing the same to be placed on the Door of the Town Hall and in some other conspicuous Parts of the Borough or Ward for which any such Election is to be held.

Election

Provision for Eirst Election after Division, &c.

Barrister may be appointed to set out Boundaries of Wards.

Power to set out Boundaries of Wards.

Nomination of Candidates.

Nomination

Papers.

Election of Councillors-

Penalty for Personation of Voters.

Penalty for forging Nomination or Voting Papers.

22° VICTORIjE, c. 35.

Election of Councillors.

VI. At any Election of Councillors to be held for any Borough or Ward any Person entitled to vote may nominate for the Office of Councillor himself (if duly qualified), or any other Person or Persons so qualified (not exceeding the Number of Persons to be elected for the Borough or Ward, as the Case may be), and every such Nomination shall be in Writing, and shall state the Christian Names and Surnames of the Persons nominated, with their respective Places of Abode and Descriptions, and shall be signed by the Party nominating, and sent to the Town Clerk at least Two whole Days (Sunday excluded) before the Day of Election; and the Town Clerk shall at least One whole Day (Sunday excluded) before the said Day of Election cause the Christian Names and Surnames of the Persons so nominated, with such Statement of their respective Places of Abode and Descriptions, and with the Names of the Party nominating them, respectively to be printed and placed on the Door of the Town Hall, and in some other conspicuous Parts of the Borough or Ward for which such Election is to be held.

VII. Any Nomination Paper may be in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act

annexed or to the like Effect; and the Town Clerk shall provide so many Nomination Papers as may be required, and, at the Request of any Person entitled to nominate, shall fill up a Nomination Paper in due Form: Provided nevertheless, that such Paper shall be signed by the Person nominating. .

VIII. At any Election of Councillors to be held for any Borough or Ward:

1. If the NumbeT of Persons so nominated rihall exceed the Number to be elected,

The Councillors to be elected shall be elected from the Persons so nominated, and , from them only:

2. If the Number of Persons so nominated shall be the same as the Number to be

elected, - '

Such>Persons shall be deemed to be elected; and the Mayor or Alderman and Two Assessors, as the Case may be, shall publish a List of the Names of the Persons so elected, not later than Eleven of the Clock in the Morning of the * said Day of Election: ' ^

3. If the Number of Persons so nominated ehall be less than the Number to be elected,

Such Persons shall be deemed to be elected: Such of the retiring Councillors highest on the Poll at their Election, or, if the Poll were equal, or there were no Poll, such as shall be nominated by the Mayor, shall be deemed to be reelected to make up the Number required to be elected: And the Mayor or Alderman and Two Assessors, as the Case may be, shall publish a List of the Names of all the Persons so elected respectively, not later than Eleven Of the Clock in the Morning of the said Day of Election:

4. If no Persons be so nominated,

* The retiring Councillors shall be deemed to be re-elected, and the Mayor or Alderman and Two Assessors, as the Case may be, shall publish a List of the Names of all the Persons so elected, not later than Eleven of the Clock in the Morning of the s&id Day of Election,

IX. If, pending or after any Election of Councillors, Auditors, or Assessors, any Person shall personate or induce any other Person to personate any Person entitled to vote at such Election or whose Name is on the Burgess Roll then in force, or falsely assume to act in the Name or on behalf of any Person so entitled to vote, or wrilfullv make a false Answer to any of the Questions mentioned in Section Eighteen of this Act, he shall for every such Offence be liable, on Conviction before Two Justices in Petty Sessions, to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months, with or without Hard Labour.

X. If, before, pending, or after any Election of Councillors, Auditors, or Assessors, any Person shall wilfully fabricate, in whole or in part, alter, deface, destroy, abstract, or purloin,

any

16?

22° VICTORIA, c. 35.

any Nomination or Voting Paper after the same shall have been duly filled up, he shall for every such Offence be liable, on Conviction before Two Justices in Petty Sessions, to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months, with or without Hard Labour.

XI. If any Person at any Election of Mayor, Councillors, Auditors, or Assessors for any Borough shall be guilty of Bribery, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings to any Person who shall sue for the same in the County Court, with full Costs of Suit; and any Person offending in any Case in which, under the Act or Acts for the Time being in force with respect to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Boroughs in England and Wales, the Name of the Offender may be expunged from the List of Voters, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall for the Term of Six Years be disabled to vote in any Election in such Borough, or in any Municipal or Parliamentary Election whatever, in any Part of the United Kingdom, and shall for such Term be disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy any Office or Franchise to which he then shall or at any Time afterwards may be entitled as a Burgess of such Borough, as if such Person were naturally dead.

XII. The Word " Bribery " shall include anything committed or done before, at, after, or with respect to the Election of any Mayor, Councillors, Auditors, or Assessors, which, if committed or done before, at, after, or with respect to any Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, would render the Person committing or doing the same liable to any Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, or Conviction for Bribery, Treating, undue Influence, corrupt Practices, or other Offence, under any Act or Acts for the Time being in force with respect to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Boroughs in England and Wakf.

XIII. If any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Conviction under this Act, he may appeal therefrom to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and fpr the County within which is situate the City or Borough in which such Conviction took place, first giving reasonable Notice to the Mayor and Justice or Justices of the Peace, as the Case may be, of his Intention so to do, and entering into Recognizance to pay such Costs as may be awarded against him.

XIV. All Proceedings for enforcing any Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, or Convictions under this Act shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months from the Time when the Matter of such Proceedings arose.

Title and Extent of Act.

XV. This Act may be cited for any Purpose as 4t The Municipal Corporation Act, 1859."

XVI. This Act shall apply to eveiy City, Borough, and Town Corporate specified in the Schedules to the said first-mentioned Act, and to every Municipal Corporation in England and Wales erected after the passing of that Act, and whether erected by Charter under that Act or otherwise, and shall be construed and executed as if its Provisions formed Part of that Act, and the Acts from Time to Time in force amending or extending that Act

SCHE-

Penalty on Persons guilty of Bribery at Elections.

Definition of Bribery.

Appeal.

Time limited for Proceedings.

Short Title.

Extent of Act

22° VICTORIA, c. 35.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE A.

Election of Councillors for the [Ward of in the] Borough of

to be held on the Day of A.D.

Nomination Paper.

Christian Name and Place of Abode Description of Christian Name and Address

Surname of of Person Person Surname of

Person nominated. nominated. nominated. of Nominator. Nominator.

lyjU ?i. i ">tU hr.'l v"1: ‘«'•: . \ ■ ')i <*•:: - r .: <•; ■;t- ! < ?nt t'*i!:■ i T7 •\r •• 1 ...   >**-

Dated the Day of: A.D. . i *;

- (Signed) . .a.-i

SCHEDULE B. | TO Wit.--*--

Borough of

in the County of Election of Councillors for the [Ward of in the County of

Take notice.

in the] Borough of

o? l.^Xhat ^n Election of [Three] Councillors will be held for the said Ward [or Borough] on r th£ ■•I :;;,]/' Day of ‘ - A. IX '/CJ. iiitheshiil Ward

[or Borougti]. \ i-1:r ^ 1 ■'.■■!! v*'" 1 ' '' • }

2. That any Per^L; ^n^l^d to vote may nominate for tho said* Office (if dul#

qualified), or any other Person or Persons, ^qualified, no^excepdiog [yAroel in Number.

3. That every such Nomination must bo in Writing, and must state the Christian Names and Surnames of the Persons nominated, with their respective Places of Abode and Descriptions.

be in

Dated this

w 'A o;

■our* j«

, A D. (Signed)'

A.B., T)>vraCle^fc.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS,

22* VICTORIAE,

34. U.K,

London: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queens most Excellent Majesty. 1859.

boogie

A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the EIGHTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1859.

A

TABLE

All the STATUTES passed in the FIRST Session of the EIGHTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

22° & 23° VICTORIAS.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to provide for the Authentication of certain Orders of the Privy Council in the Absence of the Clerk of the Council in Ordinary. 1

IL An Act to apply the Sum of Seven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. 2

III. An Act to amend and make perpetual " The Public Health Act, 1858." 3

IY. An Act to amend the Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. 3

Y. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Qualification of Persons holding Diplomatic Pensions to sit in Parliament. 4

VI. An Act to enable Seneants, Barristers-at-Law, Attorneys, and Solicitors to practise

in the High Court of Admiralty. 5

VII. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty,

for allowing Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be received, although the Jury may not be unanimous. 5

VIII. An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria,

Chapter Forty-five, relating to the Survey of Boundaries in Ireland. 6

IX. An Act to provide for the Exercise of the Duties of Chief Superintendent in China in

certain Cases. 7

X. An Act to empower the Legislature of Canada to make Laws regulating the Appointment of a Speaker of the Legislative Council. 8

XI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act

(1858). 9

XII. An Act to repeal, as regards the Colony of Victoria, and to enable other Colonial

Legislatures to repeal, certain Provisions of the Imperial Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of . George the Third, Chapter Fifteen, and of the Fifth and Sixth Years of William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two. 19

a 2 XIII* An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XIII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to confirm an Act passed by the Legislature of Antigua, intituled An Act to extend the Operation of the Laws of Antigua to the Island of Barbuda. 19

4

i

XIV. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George

the Third, for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers. 20

XV. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United

Kingdom. 20

XVI. An Act to enable the Cojnmissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a Site for

the Purposes of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, and other Courts and Offices. 21

XVII. An Act to prevent Vexatious Indictments for certain Misdemeanors. 41

XVIII. An Act for granting to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax; and to

reduce the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Excise Duty on Malt. 41

XIX. An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Elizabeth,

Chapter Twenty-nine, concerning the several Incorporations of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Confirmation of the Charters, Liberties, and Privileges granted to either of them. 43

XX. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks. 45

XXI. An Act to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to amend the Practice

and Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer. 49

XXII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 57

XXIII. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in

Ireland. 59

XXIV. An Act to remove Doubts as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the

Universities of Scotland. 59

XXV. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. 60

XXVI. An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the Trade with the

Indiansy and for the Administration of Justice in the North-western Territories of Amenca. 60

XXVII. An Act to repeal the Thirty-first Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Victoria,, Chapter Ninety-five, and to alter the Limit of the Number of

- European Troops to be maintained for local Service in India. 62

XXVIII. An Act to amend the Galway Harbour and Port Act (1853). 63

XXIX An Act to repeal a certain Toll levied upon Fishing Vessels passing the Nore. 63

XXX. An Act to extend the Enactments relating to the Copper Coin to Coin of mixed

Metal. 65

XXXI. An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in

Ireland. 65

XXXII. An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties and Boroughs in

* England and Wales. 71

XXXIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the

' Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of

Turnpike Trusts. 76

XXXIV. An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, concerning the University of Cambridge

and the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton. 77

XXXV. An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees. 78

XXXVI. An

V

(.Public General) 22° & 23° VICT.

XXXVI, An Act to alter the Stamp Duties payable upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences to exercise the Faculty of Physic, and to amend the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars. 85

XXXVIL An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Customs. 86

XXXVIII. An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia. 88

XXXIX. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in

the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 91

XL. An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same. 93

XLI. An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India. 99

XLII. An Act to provide for the Establishment of a Reserve Force of Men who have been in Her Majesty's Service. 100

XLIII. An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. 102

XLIV. An Act to continue the Act for the Exemption of Stock in Trade from Rating. 105

XLV. An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. 106

XLVI. An Act to continue and amend the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. 106

XLV II. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales. 107

XLVIII. An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. 108

XLIX. An Act to provide for the Payment of Debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in School Districts. 108

L. An Act further to continue the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts. 110

LI. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. Ill

LII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis. 112 LIII. An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny Savings Banks to invest all their Proceeds in Savings Banks. 115

LIV. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 116

LV. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 128

LVI. An Act to amend the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, relating to Weights and Measures. 148

LVII. An Act limiting the Power of Imprisonment for Small Debts exercised by the County Court Judges. 151

LVIII. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Space for the Western Approach to Westminster New Bridge. , 152

LIX. An Act to enable Railway Companies to settle their Differences with other Companies by Arbitration. 156

LX. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven, relating to the laying down of Railways at Holyhead Harbour. 159

LXI. An

vi A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXI. An Act to make further Provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. 160

LXIL An Act to amend the Irish Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (1857). 161

LXIIL An Act to afford Facilities for the more certain Ascertainment of the Law administered in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part thereof. 161

LXIV. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of British Subjects at Lisbon, 163

LXV. An Act for amending the Acts for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales, 164

LXVI. An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. 164

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway for carrying the West London Railway over the Great Western Railway by means of a Bridge, in substitution for the present level Crossing; and for other Purposes.

iL An Act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway from their existing Line at Edge Hill in the County of Lancaster to the Saint Helen's Railway near Garston in the same County, and for other Purposes.

iii. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branch Railways to the Wilsontown Mineral Field, and for other Purposes.

iv. An Act to incorporate the Red Sea and India Telegraph Company, and for enabling the Company to establish and work Telegraphs between Great Britain and India and other Countries, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

v. An Act to provide for the Partition of the London Road Station at Manchester, and for the better Management of certain Portions of the said Station, and for improving the Access thereto.

vi. An Act for making Railways from Pembroke Dock to Tenby, and from Pembroke Dock to the Pier at Hobbs Pointy in the County of Pembroke.

vii. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts, to authorize an Alteration of the Piers at the Mouth of the River, and for other Purposes.

viiL An Act to alter and consolidate the Acts relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway Company; to regulate and define the Company's Capital; and for other Purposes.

ix. An Act to enable the Kingston-upon- Thames Gas Company to raise further Moneys by Shares and borrowing.

x. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make a Branch from their Leeds and Thirsk Railway to Pateley Bridge; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

xi. An Act for the Reading and Hatfield Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, and Hertford,

xii. An Act for the Completion of the Gateshead Quay in the Borough of Gateshead, and for authorizing Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company with respect to the User of Parts thereof; and for other Purposes.

xiii. An

( LocalSf Personal \declared Public, fyc.) 22° & 28° VICT. vit

xiii. An Act to extend the Time for making the Hampstead Junction Railway, to authorise certain Deviations in the Line thereof, and for other Purposes.

xiv. An Act to amalgamate the Selkirk and Galashiels Railway Company with the North British Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

xv. An Act for authorizing the Lymington Railway Company to acquire the Ferry across the Lymington River, and to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

xvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Woofferton Station of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway in the County of Hereford to a Point near Tenbury in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

xvii. An Act to enable the Worcester and Hereford Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Severn at Worcester, and to enlarge their Station at Hereford; and for other Purposes.

xviii. An Act for enabling the Dundee and Perth and Aberdeen Railway Junction Company to improve the Dundee and Newtyle Railway; and for other Purposes.

xix. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to raise a further Sum of Money for improving their Gasworks; and for other Purposes.

xx. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks and other Works on the South Shore of the River Thames, to be called t€ The Greenwich and South-eastern Docks."

xxi. An Act for conferring on Price's Patent Candle Company, Limited, further Powers for the raising of Money; and for other Purposes.

xxii. An Act for authorizing divers Arrangements between the Vale of Neath Railway Company and other Companies having Railways or other Works near to the Vale of Neath Railway, and for regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Company, and for other Purposes.

xxiii. An Act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Atlantic Telegraph Company; and to enable the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxiv. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make a Railway from th^vcHawick Line to the Port Carlisle Railway near Carlisle, with divers Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

xxv. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter 110., intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penrith and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge in the County of Cumberland; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

xxvi. An Act for making a Railway from Much Wenlock in the County of Salop to communicate with the Severn Valley Railway and the River Severn in the same County.

xxvii. An Act for making a new Street from near Foundry Bridge to King Street in the City and County of the City of Norwich.

xxviiL An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Exchange, and to incorporate the Liverpool Exchange Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

xxix. An Act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the Castle Douglas and Dumfries Railway, and to sanction a Deviation from the authorized Line of that Railway.

Xxx. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Tramway from the Llanidloes and Newton4i Railway near Newtown to the Shropshire Union Canal; and to enable the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Company to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

xxxi. An Act for authorizing an Amalgamation or Lease of the Portsmouth Railway with or to the London and South-western Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

Xxxii. An Act to extend the Time for the Sale of such Lands belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation as may not be required for the Purposes of the said Navigation.

xxxiii. An

Viii A TABLE of the STATUTES

xxxiii. An Act for authorizing the Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Railway Company to raise further Capital for the Purposes of the Hertford Section of their Railway; and for extending the Period for the Completion of the Luton Section of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

xxxiv. An Act to enable the Maybole and Girvan Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to authorize a Deviation of their Line; and for other Purposes.

xxxv. An Act for the Transfer of the Caterham Railway to the South-eastern Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to revive and extend the Powers of the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company for the Purchase of Lands, and to extend their Powers for completing their Undertaking, and to enable them to make a Deviation in the Line of their Railway, and to increase the Powers of the said Company for borrowing on Mortgage; and to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to subscribe towards the said Undertaking; and to enable the said Companies to make Working and Traffic Arrangements; and for other Purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to create Debenture Stock, and to issue new Shares for redeeming existing Preference Shares subject to Redemption, and to enlarge their Station at Dublin; and for other Purposes.

xxxviii. An Act to enable the Newry and Armagh Railway Company to make Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway, and to construct a short Branch at Newry.

xxxix. An Act to incorporate " The Norwich Corn Exchange Company, Limited," and to define and regulate their Undertaking.

xL An Act to authorize the Abandonment of the Gloucester and Cheltenham Tramroads, and to enable the Midland and the Great Western Railway Companies to sell and dispose of the same; and for other Purposes.

jdi. An Act to enable the Ulster Railway Company to extend their Railway from Monaghan to Clones, and to enlarge their Stations at Belfast and Portadown, and to make Arrangements with the Dundalk and Enniskillen .Railway Company, and to create Debenture Stock; and for other Purposes.

xlii. An Act for authorizing the Bury Saint Edmunds Gas Company to raise further Capital; and for regulating their Capital; and for other Purposes.

xliii. An Act for authorizing the Border Counties Railway Company to make and maintain the Liddesdale Section of their Railway, and Deviations from the Line of the North Tyne Section of their Railway, and to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

xliv. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Works, and to raise further Funds; and for other Purposes.

xlv. An Act for making a Railway to Sevenoaks9 and for other Purposes connected therewith.

xlvi. An Act for connecting the Town of Witney with the existing Railways in the Parishes of Yarnton and Wolvercot in the County of Oxford, and for other Purposes.

xlvii. An Act to extend the Period limited by " The Swansea Harbour Act, 1854," for the Construction and Completion of the Works thereby authorized.

xlviii. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to extend their Railway to Castlebar; and for other Purposes.

xlix. An Act for incorporating the National Fire and Life Insurance Company of Scotland by the Name of " The Scottish National Insurance Companyfor enabling the Company to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes r la ing t the Company.

L An Act to confer further Powers on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company for the Completion of their Railway.

li. An Act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway to Cavan and Bcllurbet; and for other Purposes.

lii. An

ix

{Local 8f Personal, declared Public, §c.) 22° & 23° VICT.

IiL An Act to regulate the Capital and Undertaking of " The City of London Gaslight and Coke Company," and to reincorporate that Company.

liiL An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to construct a Branch Railway to the River Liffey; and for other Purposes.

liv. An Act to change the Name of the East Kent Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

lv. An Act for making a Railway from the Midland Railway to or near the Town of Mountsorrel in the County of Leicester.

IvL An Act for authorizing the Somerset Central Railway Company to lay down Narrow Gauge Lines of Rails on their Railways, and to raise further Funds; and for regulating their Capital and Borrowing Powers; and for other Purposes.

lvii. An Act for vesting the Sunderland Docks in the Commissioners of the River Wear; for enabling the Commissioners to execute certain Works; for amending the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Docks and River; and for other Purposes.

lviii. An Act for better supplying with Water Parts of the Parishes of Belbington and Woodchurch in the County of Chester; and for other Purposes.

lix. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways to supply Communication to the District between Merthyr and Abergavenny, and for other Purposes.

lx. An Act for making a Dock with other Conveniences in the Camber at Portsmouth, and for other Purposes.

lxi. An Act for incorporating " The Tottenham and Edmonton Gaslight and Coke Company," and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

lxii. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to abandon a Portion of their authorized Line between Longford and Boyle, and to construct a new Line in substitution therefor; and for other Purposes.

lxiii. An Act for making a Railway from Llanidloes in the County of Montgomery to Newbridge in the County of Radnor, to be called " The Mid-Wales Railway and for other Purposes.

lxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the Shreiosbury and Chester Section of the Great Western Railway near Ruabon in the County of Denbigh to the Town of Llangollen in the same County, and for other Purposes.

lxv. An Act to enable the Stokes Bay Railway and Pier Company [to raise additional Capital.

lxvi. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for widening, improving, and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

lxvii. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

Ixviii. An Act for making Railways in the District between Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil, and for other Purposes.

lxix. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make certain Alterations in their existing and authorized Railways; to make a new Railway at Norwood; to acquire additional Lands for Station Accommodation, and to purchase or take on Lease other Undertakings; and for other Purposes.

Ixx. An Act to amend " The Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857,v and to alter the Annual Close Times in the River Tweed.

22 & 23 Vict. b lxxi. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

lxxi. An Act to authorize the Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds Railway Company to raisea further sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

lxxii. An Act for the Regulation and Improvement of the Oyster Fishery in the River Orwell within the Borough of Ipswich.

Ixxiii. An Act to enable the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway Company to deviate their authorized Line of Railway, to carry their Line over a certain Road by a level Crossing, and to construct a Road for providing better Access to the Railway at or' near to Barnard Castle; and for other Purposes.

lxxiv. An Act to authorize the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from Hooton to Helshy, with a Branch to Tranmere Pool; and for other Purposes.

lxxv. An Act for inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands called " The Commons of Bray" in the Parish of Old Connaught in the County of Dublin.

lxxvL An Act to authorize the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to extend their Kingswinford Branch, and to alter certain Parts of their Main Line of Railway, and to carry into effect an Agreement with the Great Western Railway Company for the Completion of the Main Line on the Narrow Gauge only; and for other Purposes.

lxxvii. An Act for making a Pier in Swanage Bay in the County of Dorset, and a Tramway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

lxxviii. An Act for making a Road from Llanrwst to Abergele, and a Branch Road thereout, in the Counties of Denbigh and Caernarvon.

lxxix. An Act for continuing an Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Great North Roads leading from the North Queensferry and from Burntisland, both in the County of Fife, by Kinross, to the City of Perth, and for enabling the Trustees of the said Roads and the Trustees of other Roads to enter into mutual Arrangements.

lxxx. An Act to enable the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company to extend their Railway to Gorey in the County of Wexford; and for other Purposes.

Ixxxi. An Act for the making and maintaining of the Charing Cross Railway, and for other Purposes.

lxxxii. An Act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Lands Improvement Company.

lxxxiii. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Central Railway.

Ixxxiv. An Act for making, a Railway from Brecon through Hay to the Line of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company at Hereford.

lxxxv. An Act for the making and maintaining of the Wansbeck Railway from Morpeth to a Junction with the North Tyne Section of the Border Counties Railway, and with Branches to the Morpeth Branch of the Blyth and Tyne Railway and the Main Line of the Northeastern Railway respectively; and for other Purposes.

IxxxvL An Act to repeal an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for making a Turnpike Road from the Township of Hunslet across the River Aire to the Township of Leeds, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

lxxxvii. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Lawton, Burslem, and Newcastle-under-Lyme Turnpike Roads, and to consolidate and amend the Provisions thereof.

lxxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway to Sutton Coldfield in the County of Warwick, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

Ixxxix. An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads at and near Ludlow in the County of Salop, known as the Ludlow First Turnpike Trust, the Ludlow Second Turnpike Trust, and the Cainham Trust, and for placing such Roa^s under the same Management.

xc. An

{Local §* Personal, declared Public, fyc.) 22° & 23° VICT. xt

xc. An Act to enable the Sittingboume and Sheemess Railway Company to raise additional Capital, to amend the Acts relating to the Company, and for other Purposes.

xci. An Act for amalgamating the Bedale and Leybum Railway Company with the North-eastern Railway Company, and for vesting in the latter the Undertaking of the former Company and the Rosedale Branch and Property of the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xcii. An Act to renew the Term and continue, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

xciii. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Blackburn and Preston Turnpike Road, and for constructing a Bridge over the River Ribble in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

xciv. An Act for making a Railway from West Cowes to Newport in the Isle of Wight, and for other Purposes.

xcv. An Act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway in the Parish of Ringwood to Christchurch, and an Approach Road at Christchurch, all in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes.

xcvi An Act to authorize the Charleston Railway and Harbour Company to purchase and acquire the Charleston Railway and Harbour, and to extend and improve the said Railway and Harbour.

xcvii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Railway, to authorize the Alteration and Relinquishment of certain of the Works, and to make further Provision with reference to the Construction of such Railway; and for other Purposes.

xcviii. An Act to extend the Powers of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway Company for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of their authorized Extension to Farnborough Railway, and for other Purposes.

xcix. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Eastbourne and Places adjacent thereto in the County of Sussex9 and for other Purposes.

c. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways for the Purpose of uniting their Leeds and Thirsk and Church Fenton and Harrogate Railways; and for other Purposes.

ci. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company, and to regulate the crossing of certain Roads by the Railway of the Company.

cii. An Act for regulating the Bombay, Baroda9 and Central India Railway Company, and for making Provision with respect to the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes.

ciii. An Act to make better Provision for the Management and Application of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Burgesses Lands, to repeal and amend the Act relating thereto, and for other Purposes.

civ. An Act for making a Railway from the Trent Valley Railway at Nuneaton in the County of Warwick to Hinckley in the County of Leicester, and for other Purposes.

cv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Hungerford in Berkshire to Devizes in Wiltshire, to be called st The Berks and Hants Extension Railway."

cvi. An Act for incorporating the British and Canadian Telegraph Company, and for other Purposes.

cvii. An Act to embank and reclaim from the Sea certain Waste Lands subject to be overflowed by the Tide, and forming Part of Chichester Harbour in the County of Sussex.

b 2 cviii. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

cviii. An Act to alter, amend, and extend the Acts for inclosing, embanking, and draining the Marsh called Malltraeth and Corsddavgau in the County of Anglesey, and to provide for the Maintenance of the Embankments and Drainage, and for other Purposes.

cix. An Act to authorize the South Staffordshire Railway Company to acquire certain Lands and raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cx. An Act for the Amalgamation of the East Lancashire Railway Company with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

cxi. An Act to authorize the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to convert their Mortgage or Bond Debt into Shares or Stock; and for other Purposes.

cxii. An Act to enable the Victoria Station and Pimlico Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money.

cxiii. An Act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct . new Works and acquire additional Lands in the Counties of Lancaster and Northampton; and for other Purposes.

cxiv. An Act to authorize the Maintenance and Use of the Silverdale and Newcastle-under-Lyme Railway, and the Use of the Extension Railway to the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal, and for other Purposes.

cxv. An Act to enable the Waveney Valley Railway Company to extend their Railway from Harleston to Bungay and Ditchingham; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

cxvi. An Act to enable the Herne Bay and Faversham Railway Company to extend their Railway to Margate, to change their Name; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

cxvii. An Act for establishing Railway Communication between Loughton, Epping, and Chipping Ongar in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes.

cxviii. An Act to enable the Norwich and Spalding Railway Company to extend their Railway from Holheach to Sutton Bridge in Lincolnshire.

cxix. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Hythe in the Neighbourhood of Colchester to Wivenhoe in Essex, to be called " The Tendrinq Hundred Railway."

cxx. An Act to afford Facilities for raising Funds for the Completion of the Bridport Railway, and to authorize the Lease thereof to the Great Western Railway Company.

cxxi. An Act for making a Railway from Knighton to Llandrindod in the County of Radnory to be called " The Central Wales Railway," and for other Purposes.

cxxii. An Act to enable the Colne Valley and Halstead Railway Company to extend their Railway from Halstead to Haverhill in the County of Essex.

cxxiii. An Act for improving, paving, draining, and lighting the Burgh of Falkirk, and for regulating the Supply of Water within the Burgh; and for providing for the Transference of the Property of the Stintmasters and Feuars of Falkirk to the Magistrates and Council; and for other Purposes.

exxiv. An Act for authorizing the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company to make new Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies, and to raise further Funds; and for other Purposes.

exxv. An Act for making a Railway from the Coultershaw Branch of the Mid-Sussex Railway to the Town of Midhurst in the County of Sussex.

exxvi. An Act for making a Branch from the North Staffordshire Railway in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford, and for extending the Time for completing certain Works, and for authorizing Arrangements with the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxvii. An Act for enabling the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make a new Railway and other Works; and for other Purposes.

cxxviii. An

Xlll

( Private,printed.) 22° & 23° VICT.

cxxviii. An Act for making the Kensington Station and North and South London Junction Railway, and for other Purposes.

cxxix. An Act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct Branch Railways from Oldham to Rochdale and Royton in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

cxxx. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to make an Extension of their Erewash Valley Line, to acquire additional Lands in the County of Leicester; and for other Purposes.

cxxxi. An Act to facilitate Arrangements by the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway Company with their Creditors, and for other Purposes.

cxxxii. An Act to suspend in certain Cases the Operation of the Twenty-eighth Section of the "Liverpool Sanitary Amendment Act, 1854," and for other Purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act for the better Regulation of Watermen, Barge Owners, and others connected with the Navigation of the River Thames between Teddington Lock and Lower Hope Point.

cxxxiv. An Act for the making and maintaining of the West London Extension Railway, and for other Purposes.

cxxxv. An Act to amend " The Tacumshin Embankment Act, 1854," and to extend the Time for the Completion of the Works authorized by that Act.

cxxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining in and near to Burton-upon- Trent of Branch Railways from-the Midland Railway, and the building of a new Bridge across the River Trent at Burton-upon-Trent, and the taking down and removing of " The Great Bridge at Burton-upon- Trentand for other Purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act to confer certain Powers upon " The Pneumatic Despatch Company (Limited)."

cxxxviii. An Act to transfer the Warrington and Stockport Railway to certain Companies.

cxxxix. An Act to extend the Wells and Fakenham Railway to and along Wells Quays, and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to authorize the Exchange of certain detached Portions situate in the County

of Forfar of the Entailed Estate of Haulkertoun for the Lands of Balhithan and Wester Fintray in the County of Aberdeen, to be entailed in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

2. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Settled Estates in Wales of Earl Vane and Countess Vane to raise Five thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the same Estates, and to become Shareholders to the Extent of such Sum in the Newtown and Machynlleth Railway Company, and to sell to the Company Part of the Settled Estates, in consideration of a yearly Rentcharge; and for other Purposes.

3. An Act for confirming and giving effect to an Agreement for a Lease by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners of Land in Victoria Street and Dean Street in the City of Westminster to Alfred Lucette, of which the Short Title is " Lucette's Estate Act, 1859."

4. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES, &c.

4. An Act for authorizing Leases of Parts of the Settled Estates, in the Parishes of Hud-dersfidd, Almondbury, and Kirkheaion in the West Riding of the County of York, of Sir John William Ramsden Baronet, and of which the Short Title is " Ramsden9s Estate (Leasing) Act, 1859."

5. An Act for effecting a Partition of the Landed Estates of Josiah Robing deceased in and near to Birmingham and elsewhere, and for facilitating the Erection and Endowment of a Church thereon, and for authorizing the Application of Moneys subject to the Trusts of his Will towards the Expenses of making Bridges for the Benefit of Parts of his Estates; and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Sandwith Esquire with Georgina Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

7. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Edward Dickinson, a Surgeon in the Honourable East India Company's Service in the East Indies, with Henrietta Louisa his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

London: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1859-

JJ

cP

o

O

_Q

"D

CD

N

O)

b

A COLLECTION OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

TWENTY-SECOND AND TWENTY-THIRD YEARS OF THE REIGN OF QUEEN VICTORIA, 1859.

Anno Regni VICTORLZE, Britanniarum Reginae, Vicesimo Secundo & Vicesimo Tertio.

i A T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of Mat/, ‘ ZM Anno Domini 1859, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign € * Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

c and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: being the First Session of the Eighteenth ‘ Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/

CAP. I.

An Act to provide for the Authentication of certain Orders of the Privy Council in the Absence of the Clerk of the Council in Ordinary. [21st July 1859-]

* Yl/'HERE AS certain Orders of Her Majesty's Privy Council are by the Acts of ‘ * * Parliament which provide for the Issue thereof required to be certified or authen-‘ ticated under the Hand of the Clerk in Ordinary of the said Council, and Delay and

* Inconvenience may arise in the event of such Clerk in Ordinary being prevented by Illness c or otherwise from the Discharge of his DutyBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Whenever Her Majesty shall, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, make Provision for the Performance of the Duties of the Clerk of the said Council in Ordinary in the event of his Absence, any Person acting under the Authority of the Order in Council in this Behalf shall, in relation as well to the signing, certifying, and issuing of Orders of Her Majesty in Council, or of the Lords and others of Her Majesty's Privy Council, under any Acts of Parliament as to the other Duties of the Office, have and perform all the Powers and Functions and be in the Place of the Clerk of the said Council in Ordinary.

22 & 23 ViCT.

A

Persons authorized to act in the Absence of the Clerk of the CouncU in Ordinary may sign Orders, &c.

LjOOQ LC

2

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 2

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1859 the Sum of

7.000. 000/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause

7.000. 000/. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict, c. 66.

The Clauses &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 7,000,000/. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5&6W.&M. C. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as

CAP. II.

An Act to apply the Sum of Seven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

[1st August 1859*]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YI^E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United *" Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto I our Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of Seven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the united Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole me Sum of Seven Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament liolden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, acoept, and receive the Exchequer BiUs'authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter ^Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any

Advance

boogie

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 2,3,4. 3

Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Security fop Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act such Advances.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue Moneys raised

and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer by 10 J*5 Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted s^ce8^ted bv the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present by the Com-Sfession of Parliament mon8-

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

CAP. III.

An Act to amend and make perpetual " The Public Health Act, 1858."

[1st August 1859.]

9 XXI HERE AS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-

* ** second Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Ninety-seven) " for vesting in the Privy 21 & 22 Vict,

* u Council certain Powers for the Protection of the Public Health," which Act was to be c> 97‘

‘ in force only until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine;

* and it is expedient that Section Eight of the said Act should be repealed, and that, except 9 such Section, the said Act should be made perpetual:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

Section Eight of the said Act shall be repealed, and, except the said Section, the said Act shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual

Act made perpetual, except 8. 8.

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend the Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex. [8th August 1859.]

c XXI HERE AS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth * Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-one, "for the better Administration of 7 & 8

4 94 Criminal Justice in Middlesex" Provision is made for the Appointment by Her c* 71,

A 2

Majesty

Power to Justices to grant 300/. a Year out of thd County Kates as an Addition to the Salary of the Assistant Judge;

who in such Case is not to practise as a Barrister.

In certain Cases Secretary of State may appoint a Person to act temporarily as Assistant Judge.

All General Sessions of the Peace for Middlesex to have the Powers of Quarter Sessions.

Court may remit Fines on Jurors.

Section 10. of recited Act repealed in part on next Vacancy.

22° & 23° VICTORFJS, c.4,5.

‘ Majesty of a Person being a Serjeant or Barrister at Law of not less than Ten Years € standing, and in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and qualified ( by Law to act as a Justice of the Peace, to be the Assistant Judge of the Court of the * Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and the yearly Salary of One thousand two f hundred Pounds is to be paid as therein mentioned to such Assistant Judge out of the f Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom: And whereas the said Office of Assistant < Judge lately became vacant by the Death of Robert Pashley Esquire, and it is expedient c to make further Provision concerning the said Office and otherwise to amend the said ‘ Act:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the County of Middlesex, if they so think fit, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to order to be paid out of the County Rates of such County to the Assistant J udge for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds in addition to the Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds payable under the said Act, and such yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds shall be paid out of such County Rates accordingly on the Days on which the said Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds is payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

II. In case such yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds be so ordered to be paid, no such Assistant Judge during his Continuance in such Office shall practise as a Barrister.

III. During any Vacancy in the Office of such Assistant Judge, or when and so often as such Assistant Judge for the Time being shall, by reason of mental or bodily Infirmity or of unavoidable Absence, or from other Cause, be unable to appoint a Deputy pursuant to the said Act, it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint a Person, being a Serjeant or Barrister at Law of not less than Ten Years Standing, to act temporarily as or in the Place of such Assistant Judge until such Time as an Assistant Judge shall be appointed under the said Act, or until the Assistant Judge shall be able to resume his Duties, as the Case may require, and such Person so appointed under this Act shall have and exercise all such Powers and Privileges as are given by the said Act to such Assistant Judge, and shall be paid for his Services out of the County Rates of the said County any Sum not exceeding Five Guineas per Day whilst he shall sit and act as Assistant Judge.

IV. Every General Session of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and every Adjournment thereof, shall have Power to try and determine all Appeals, and all other Powers which do now or shall hereafter belong to the General Quarter Sessions for the said County; and the said Justices may and are hereby authorized to hold such Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, at the Sessions House at Clerkenwell.

V. It shall be lawful for any Court of General or Quarter Session holden in and for the said County of Middlesex to spare or remit, if it shall be thought fit, any Fine imposed at a previous Session upon any Juror for Non-attendance or other Default

VI. So soon as the present Assistant Judge shall cease to hold his Office as such Judge, the Tenth Section of the said Act shall be repealed so far as relates to the Salary of any future Assistant Judge.

CAP. V.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Qualification of Persons holding Diplomatic Pensions to sit in Parliament. [8th August 1859.]

‘ YY/HEREAS the Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, 1 * * Chapter One hundred and sixteen, regulates the Conditions on which Pensions shall

( be granted to Persons who have served Her Majesty in Diplomatic Offices: And whereas

( Doubts

5

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 5,6, 7.

‘ Doubts have arisen as to whether such Pensions, being those of Reward of Diplomatic * Service authorized by Parliament, come within the Provisions of the Act of the Sixth Year f of Queen Anne, Chapter Seven, which renders any Person holding a Pension from the ‘ Crown during Pleasure incapable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a Member of c the House of Commons:' Be it hereby enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L That Pensions granted for Diplomatic Services, according to the Provisions of the Persons hold-aforesaid Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, shall not disqualify the Holder from being elected or sitting or voting as a Member of the House of 8it^n House of Commons. Commons.

II. Nothing contained in this Act shall affect any of the Provisions of the aforesaid U3W.4. Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, for the Regulation of "fft0

tv* i .. ' • ° do anectea

Diplomatic Pensions. by this Act

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable Serjeants, Barristers-at-Law, Attorneys, and Solicitors to practise in the High Court of Admiralty. [8th August 1859*]

T>E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Serjeants and Barristers-at-Law, and all Attomeys-at-Law and Solicitors, shall, from Seijeants, and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to practise as Serjeants, Barristers, Attorneys, Barristers, and Solicitors respectively in all Matters and Causes whatsoever in Her Majesty's High golSto^to11 Court of Admiralty; and the said Serjeants and Barristers-at-Law shall and may have and be at liberty exercise the same Rights and Privileges of practising, pleading, and audience in the said X P2|tw£JBrt High Court of Admiralty as Advocates now have and enjoy in the said Court, and the said 0fAdmiralty. Attorneys and Solicitors shall and may have and exercise the same Rights and Privileges of practising in the said High Court of Admiralty as Proctors now have and enjoy in the said Court; and all Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall have been admitted Advocates in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts or in the said High Court of Admiralty, and the said Serjeants and Barristers-at-Law, shall have respectively the same Rank and Precedence in the said High Court of Admiralty which they now have before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, unless and until Her Majesty shall otherwise order: Provided always, that all Attomeys-at-Law and Solicitors practising in the said Court of Admiralty shall be subject to the Authority of the Judge of the said Court, in like Manner as Attorneys in the Court of Queen's Bench are subject to the Authority of that Court.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, for allowing Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be received, although the Jury may not be unanimous. [8th August 1859.]

c

€

t

Ylf HERE AS by an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign " of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow Verdicts on Trials by Jury in 17 & 18 Vict Civil Causes in Scotland to be returned, although the Jury may not be unanimous, it was 59,

f enacted.

6

If after Three Hours Deliberation Nine of the Jury agree, a Venlict may be returned.

Jury may be discharged •without a Verdict after Six Hours Deliberation.

20 & 21 Vict, c. 45.

Boundary Surveyor may alter Name of Lands erroneously named in Ordnance Map on Application or Owners and Proof of Error.

Boundary Surveyor may define Boundaries of Parishes divided under 7&8G.4.C.43.,

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 7,8.

t

€ enacted, that if upon the Trial by Jury of any Civil Cause in the Court of Session in Scotland 1 the Jury are unable to agree upon a Verdict, and if after having been kept in deliberation ‘ for a Period of Six Hours, Nine of the said Jury shall agree, the Verdict agreed to by ‘ such Nine may be returned as the Verdict of such Jury, and shall be taken and shall have * the same Force and Effect as if found unanimously by the whole of the said Jury: And f whereas it is expedient that the said Act be amended:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. If after having been kept in deliberation for a Period of Three Hours, Nine or more of the Jury on any such Trial as in the said recited Act mentioned shall agree upon a Verdict, the Verdict agreed to by such Nine or more may then be returned, and shall be taken as the Verdict of the Jury in like Manner and to the like Effect as is provided by the said recited Act in regard to the Verdicts thereby allowed to be returned after the Jury have been kept in deliberation for a Period of Six Hours.

II. When in any such Trial Nine of the Jury shall not have agreed on a Verdict after such Jury has been kept in deliberation for a Period of Six Hours, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge, if such Court or Judge see fit, to discharge such Jury without their having given in a Verdict, in like Manner as a Jury might, prior to the passing of this Act, have been discharged without giving in a Verdict after having been kept in deliberation for a Period of Twelve Hours.

CAP, VIII.

An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-five, relating to the Survey of Boundaries in Ireland.

[8th August 1859-]

6 YI^HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twentieth * * ^ and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provision € for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for Public Pur-‘ poses: And whereas it is expedient to amend the same:9 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provisions contained in the said recited Act for enabling the Boundary Surveyor for the Time being, when he shall find that the Boundaries of any Land have been erroneously marked out, laid down, or described on the Ordnance Map of any County, to make such Alteration therein as the Circumstances of the Case shall require, shall extend and apply to enable such Boundary Surveyor in any Case where any Lands have not been correctly named on such Ordnance Map, so far as the same can be shown by any ancient Deed, Instrument, Document, or Writing, to make such Alteration therein as the Circumstances of the Case shall require; provided that Application be made to him for such Alteration by the Owner or Owners, or reputed Owner or Owners of such Land, stating therein the Grounds on which such Application is made, and the Name of the Lands which it is proposed by such Owner or Owners to substitute for the Name of such Lands so entered on such Ordnance Map.

II. Such Boundary Surveyor may define and mark out the Boundaries of any Parish which shall have been divided under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-three, or of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Kang William the Fourth, Chapter

Thirty-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 8,9.

Thirty-seven, or of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-one, and of any adjoining Parish to which any Lands separated from such first-mentioned Parish shall have been united.

III. The said recited Act and this Act shall be read together as One Act, and all such Alterations of Boundaries or Names of Land hereby authorized to be made, shall be subject to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventeen, with respect to the Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

IY. * And whereas the Publication in the Dublin Gazette of the detailed Report of the 9 Boundary Surveyor, referred to in the Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, is un-* necessary and expensiveBe it enacted. That it shall be sufficient for the Purposes of this Act and the several Acts herein-before mentioned that the Order only of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, made in respect of the detailed Report and Ordnance Plans submitted by the Boundary Surveyor, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, but every such Order in Council shall contain a Clause that the said Order, and the Report in detail and the Ordnance Plans submitted by the Boundary Surveyor, shall remain on Record in the Council Office, and shall be exhibited to any Person or Persons who may desire to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; and a Copy of the said Order in Council, with Copies of the Report and Ordnance Plans certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Council, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace for each County to which such Order ahull in any way relate, to be by him kept and preserved in his Office, and exhibited at all reasonable Hours to any Person or Persons who may desire to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

V. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CAP. IX.

An Act to provide for the Exercise of the Duties of Chief Superintendent in China in certain Cases. [8th August 1859.]

* WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years

* ** of King William the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-three, " to regulate the Trade to

* " China and India" Provision was made for the Appointment of Three Superintendents ‘ of the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the Dominions of the Emperor of

* China (One of whom should be styled the Chief Superintendent):  And whereas by an ‘ Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, 9 Chapter Eighty, " for the better Government of Her Majesty's Subjects resorting to ( " China" after an Enactment providing for the vesting of certain Powers in the said Chief ( Superintendent so long as he should be also Governor of the Island of Hong Kongy it € was enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, by My Commission or Warrant ‘ under Her Royal Sign Manual, to make such Provision as to Her Mmesty might seem fit i for the temporary Exercise of the Duties of the said Chief Superintendent, in the event of

* a Vacancy occurring in that Office by Death, Resignation, or otherwise: And whereas it

* is expedient that Provision should be made for the Exercise of the Duties of the said

* Chief Superintendent as well during the Absence of the Person holding that Office as 9 during a Vacancy:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Commission or Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, to direct and appoint that m the event of a Vacancy occurring in the said Office of Chief Superintendent, by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, or in the event of the Absence of the Chief Superintendent from China, from any Cause whatever, the Person who shall be acting as Her Majesty's Charge d'Af&ires in China shall in any such Case as

aforesaid

7

3&4W.4. c. 37., and 11 & 12 Vict c. 41.

Recited Act and this Act to be One Act, and be subject to 17 Vict c. 17.

The Publication in Dublin Gazette of the detailed Report of Boundary Surveyor to be discontinued.

Copy of Order in Council, &c. to be transmitted to Clerk of Peace and exhibited.

Act to extend to Ireland only.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 93.

6 & 7 Vict, c. SO. s. 2.

Provision for Discharge of Duties Si Chief Superintendent during a Vacancy of the Office, or during Absence.

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 9, 10.

aforesaid assume and hold the Office of Chief Superintendent, and exercise all the Powers and Duties thereof, during such Vacancy or Absence, or to make by such Warrant or Commission such further or other Provision as to Her Majesty may seem fit for the Exercise of the Duties of the said Chief Superintendent during such Vacancy or Absence.

whether the^ Act ^^l apply as well to the Cases in which the Chief Superintendent is not

Superintendent appointed Governor of Hong Kong as to the Cases in which he is also appointed such is or is not Governor,

Governor.

The Legislature of Canada empowered to make Laws touching the Appointment or Election of a Speaker of the Legislative Council

CAP. X.

An Act to empower the Legislature of Canada to make Laws regulating the Appointment of a Speaker of the Legislative Council. [8th August 1859-]

‘ XJU HERE AS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and

* * * Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, " to reunite the Provinces of

‘ " Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada," it is amongst other things

* provided, that the Governor of the Province of Canada shall have Power and Authority, ‘ from Time to Time, by an Instrument under the Great Seal of the said Province, to € appoint One Member of the said Legislative Council to be Speaker of the said Legis-‘ lative Council, and to remove him, and appoint another in his Stead: And whereas by an ‘ Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years

* of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen, " to empower the Legislature of c " Canada to alter the Constitution of the Legislative Council for that Province, and for ‘ " other Purposes," Power was given to the Legislature of Canada to alter the Manner of ‘ composing the Legislative Council for that Province, and to make it consist of such ( Number of Persons appointed or to be appointed or elected by such Persons, and in such

* Manner as to the said Legislature may seem fit, in the Manner and subject to the Con-c ditions by that Act provided, and for the Purpose aforesaid to vary and repeal, in such

* Manner as to them may seem fit, all or any of the Provisions of the first-recited Act, and ‘ of any other Act of Parliament now in force which relate to the Constitution of the Legis-‘ lative Council of Canada; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Speaker of the

* Legislative Council should, as theretofore, be appointed by the Governor: And whereas < the said Legislature, in pursuance of the Powers conferred on them by the said last-recited ‘ Act, have, by an Act of the Province of Canada passed in the Session of the said Legis-c lature holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, "to change the

* " Constitution of the Legislative Council by rendering the same elective," provided for the € Election of Members of the said Council, and for the gradual Substitution of elective for

* appointed Members thereof: And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether it is

* lawful for the Legislature of Canada^ under the Powers given to them by the said last-

* recited Act of Parliament, to provide for the Appointment or Election of a Speaker of the c Legislative Council, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it enacted :by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the Legislature of Canada, by any Act or Acts passed in the Manner and subject to the Conditions specified in the said last-recited Act of Parliament, to alter the Constitution of the Legislative Council of the said Province, by providing for the Appointment or Election of a Speaker of the said Council; and for this Purpose to vary and repeal, in such Manner as to them may seem fit, so much of the herein-before recited Sections of the said Acts of Parliament, and of the Provisions of the said recited or any other Acts of Parliament, as relates to the Appointment of such Speaker.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

9

CAP. XI.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858). [8th August 1859.]

c YjU HERE AS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her 'c * * Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local ‘ Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders in the Schedule to this Act ‘ annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders * shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, < and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further Provision ‘ made in relation theretoBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and Provisional after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding, and of the like Force and Effect, as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act: Provided confirmed, always, that nothing in the Provisional Order for the Borough of Wigan, numbered 3. in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in this Act, shall be deemed to give any Powers for the compulsory Purchase of Land beyond the Boundary of the said Borough.

II. c And whereas the Consent of the Warwick Local Board of Health has been duly Alteration of

* given, as required by the Local Government Act, 1858, to the Addition to the District

‘ of Leamington as constituted under the Public Health Act, 1848, of so much of the Piece Pbtrict °

* of Land described in the Leamington Provisional Order in the Schedule to this Act ‘ annexed as lies in the District of the said Warwick Local Board, and there are no Rate-

* payers of the Parish of Milverton residing on so much of the said Piece of Land in such c Order described as lies within the said Parish to give Consent to the aforesaid Order:* Be it therefore enacted, That the Boundaries of the District of the Local Board of Health for Leamington aforesaid shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be altered as is in the said Provisional Order described.

III. The annual Election of Members of the Local Board for the District of Leamington shall take place on the First Day of November, and the One Third of the Members of the said Local Board who, under the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, (No. 2.,) would have to retire from the Board on the Eighteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall hold Office till the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, as if their original Election had taken place on the First Day of November Ond thousand eight hundred and fifty-six; the One Third who, under the said Provisions, would have to retire from the said Board on the Eighteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty, shall hold Office till the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and the One Third who, under the said Provisions, would have to retire from the said Board on the Eighteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, shall hold Office till the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

IV. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

Election of Local Board for Learning-ton.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict, c. 98.

V. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, Short Title, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local " Government Supplemental Act, 1859, (No. 2.)"

22 & 23 ViCT.

B

SCHE-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

SCHEDULE referred to in the preceding Act

1. Leamington Provisional Order, (Altering the Boundaries of the Leamington

District.)

2. Teignmouth Provisional Order. (Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force

within the Teignmouth District)

3. Wigan Provisional Order. (Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within

the Wigan District)

4. Wigan Provisional Order. (Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Wigan Local

Board of Health.)

5. Battle Provisional Order, (Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Battle Local

Board of Health.)

6. Knighton Provisional Order. (Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Knighton

Local Board of Health.)

7. Cardiff Provisional Order. (Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845, within the District of the Cardiff Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands for Improvements.)

8. Derby Provisional Order. (Repealing an Exemption from Rating under a Local Act

in force within the District of the Derby Local Board of Health.)

1. LEAMINGTON.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Leamington in the County of Warwick, and the Day of Election of the Local Board of the said District.—Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Leamington in the County of Warwick, to which District the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by Provisional Order bearing date the Fifteenth day of June 1852, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, (No. 2.,) have, under the provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, bearing date the Seventh of December 1858, and praying for an alteration of the boundaries of their District by adding to such District a piece of land situate partly within the District of the Warwick Local Board of Health and partly within the neighbouring Parish of Milverton, the piece of land aforesaid being shown and bounded by a red line upon the Plan accompanying the said Petition, and also a Petition praying for an alteration in the day of the election of the said Local Board as fixed by the said Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, (No. 2.)

And whereas, after Inquiry into such Petitions, it appears to me expedient that the prayer of such Petitions should be granted, but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in exercise of the powe? vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, direct under my Hand:—

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order—

1.—The Boundaries of the District of the Leamington Local Board of Health shall be altered, by including therein the piece of land herein-before mentioned, and which is partly situate in the Borough and District of the Warwick Local Board of Health, and partly within the Jrarish of Milverton, and which piece of land is shown by a red line marking its boundaries on the Plan accompanying the aforesaid Petition of the Leamington Local Board of Health; and that so much of that piece of land as is now included within the boundaries of the Warwick Local Board of Health District shall no longer form part and parcel of such District of Warwick.

2.—The

A.

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 11. 11

2. —The present Local Board of Health for the time being for the District of Leamington

shall, from and after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, be the Local Board of Health for the District constituted by this Order and the Act of Parliament confirming the same.

3. —At every future election of members of the said Local Board, the members to be

elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as constituted by this Order, and by the votes of owners of and ratepayers in respect of property situate within the District so constituted; and any person residing therein, or within seven miles thereof, may be elected a member of said Local Board; but the number and qualification of such members shall remain as fixed by the herein-before recited Provisional Order, bearing date the Fifteenth of June 1852.

4. —The annual election of members of the said Local Board shall take place at the time

prescribed in the Act confirming this Order.

Given under my Hand this First day of April 1859.

(Signed) T. Sothbron-EstcouRt.

2. TEIGNMOUTH.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Teignmouth Local Board, and providing for the future execution thereof—Local Government Act9 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Commissioners acting in execution of a certain Local Act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act for better paving, lighting, w watching, and improving the Town of Teignmouth, in the County of Devon, and for " supplying the inhabitants thereof with water," have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the districts comprised within the operation of the said Local Act.

And whereas the said Commissioners, acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the said last herein-before mentioned Act, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act in force within the said District having relation to the Purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit.

And whereas, after due inquiry into the said petition, it appears to me expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matter, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order—

1. —The parts of the said Local Act specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be

repealed.

2. —The satisfaction and compensation directed to be made in the 36th, 41st, and 42nd

sections of the said Local Act, may be ascertained as directed in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

3. —The existing Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Act shall continue

so to act, and shall be the Local Board for the execution of the Local Government Act, 1858, for such period as they would respectively have continued in office as such Commissioners, if the said Local Act had not been hereby repealed or altered.

4. —The day of election of the said Local Board shall continue to be the first Tuesday of

the month of September in each year.

5. —The election to vacancies arising in the said Local Board by the retirement in rotation

of the said Commissioners, according to the said Local Act or otherwise, as regards both the electors and the candidates for election, shall be regulated in all respects

B 2 by

boogie

12

22° & 23° VICTOR!.®, c.ll.

by the provisions of the said Local Government Act and the Public Health Act, 1848; and the said Local Government Act and Public Health Act shall, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, be the sole Acts in force in the said District with regard to the election and qualification of the said Local Board.

6.—The repeal or alteration of the sections of the said Local Act, under this Order, shall not extend to any matters or things not provided for in the Local Government Act, 1858, the Public Health Act, 1848, or any of the other Acts incorporated with the said Local Government Act; nor to invalidate or affect any past acts, contracts, or transactions of the said Commissioners under the said Local Act, or any acts, contracts, or transactions which have been authorized or directed by the said Commissioners; or any rates or rentals already made or allowed by, or now due to the said Commissioners, or which may become due previous to the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Act referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say.

The sections numbered respectively in the copies of the said Act printed by the King's Printers, 3 to 17, both inclusive; 20, 21; 23 to 30, both inclusive; 37 to 39, both inclusive; 56; 59 to 62, both inclusive; 77 to 84, both inclusive; 87 to 90, both inclusive; 93 to 95, both inclusive; 103 to 106, both inclusive; 110; 111, except as to beating carpets on the Den; 112,113; 115 to 122, both inclusive; 12 9; 131 to 181, both inclusive; 183tol98, both inclusive; 200, 201, and 202.

3. WIGAN.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Wigan Local Board of Health.—Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster have, in pursuance of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of the " Wigan Waterworks Act, 1853," being an Act in force within the said district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit.

And whereas since the passing of the " Wigan Waterworks Act, 1853," it has been found necessary and expedient to deviate from the plans and sections referred to in the section numbered 9 in the copies of the said Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers, in executing the works thereby authorized in the manner and to the extent defined upon the plans and sections marked A, and signed by the Bight Honourable Sir George CornewaU Lewis, Baronet, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and which said plans and sections have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And whereas, after due inquiry into the said Petition, it appears to me expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matter, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order—

1.—The said Local Board shall be allowed to adopt, substitute, and use, in lieu of the plans and sections described in the said 9th section of the said Act, the said plans

and

13

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

and sections marked A, and so signed by the Right Honourable Sir George Corne-wall Lewis, Baronet, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and which have been so deposited as aforesaid; and all the powers and provisions of the " Wigan Waterworks Act, 1853/' shall be read and construed to apply to such last-mentioned plans and sections so signed as fully and etfectually as if the same had been mentioned in the said " Wigan Waterworks Act, 1853," at the time of the passing thereof, except so far as such provisions are inapplicable to such last-mentioned plans and sections.

2. —So much of the section numbered 18 in the copies of the said Act printed by Her

Majesty's Printers, as provides,—That when, and as soon as, and from time to time, and as often as the said Earl, his heirs and assigns (meaning the Earl of Crawford and Balcarres), or other the owner or owners for the time being of the said mines (meaning the mines referred to in the 16th section of the said Act), or any of them, shall in working or in preparing to work the said mines, or any of them, have made or driven any levels, drifts, or other workings in any stratum at a depth not greater than one hundred yards below the surface of the site of the said reservoir (meaning the reservoir referred to in the 17th section of the said Act), or in any stratum at any depth whatever below the surface of the site of the said tunnel (meaning the tunnel referred to in the said 17th section of the said Act) to or within a distance of thirty yards of a perpendicular line downwards from any side or part of the said sites respectively, the said Local Board of Health shall from time to time, within twenty-one days after being required so to do by the said Earl, his heirs or assigns, or other the said owner or owners for the time being of the said mines, by notice in writing under his or their hands respectively, such notice being served on the clerk of the said Local Board, or left at the office of the said Local Board, make compensation and pay to the said Earl, his heirs or assigns, or other the said owner or owners, for so much of the said coal, cannel, and other minerals of the said mines, lying not deeper than one hundred yards from the surface under the site of the said reservoir, and under all lands within an area of thirty yards all round the same site, and make compensation and pay to the said Earl, his heirs or assigns, or other the said owner or owners for the time being, for all the coal, cannel, and other minerals, at whatever depth under the site of the said tunnel, and under all lands within an area of thirty yards all round the same site; and that such payments and compensations respectively shall, as to each successive stratum of coal and cannel, and other minerals, be ascertained and recovered when and so soon as each of such strata shall be so, as aforesaid, driven into or worked within the said distance of thirty yards of a perpendicular line downwards from any side or part of the sites of the said tunnel and reservoir respectively; and such payments and compensations respectively shall from time to time be so ascertained and recovered in manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to compensation for lands taken, or injuriously affected, shall be repealed in so far as relates to the purchase of the said mines lying to the north of the embankment of the reservoir about to be constructed by the said Local Board, according to the plans and sections referred to in the last preceding section of this Order; and the said Earl, his heirs and assigns, and the said Local Board, may enter into such contracts and agreements as shall be necessary for the protection of the estates and mines of the said Earl, his heirs and assigns, and for carrying into effect the several works of the said Local Board.

3. —So much of the section numbered 26 in the copies of the said Act so printed as

aforesaid as provides that the Local Board shall make and construct, and for ever afterwards maintain in good order, repair, and condition, a good and substantial bridge, with suitable approaches, for the purpose of forming a communication between the lands of Ricnard Clayton Browne Clayton, in the said Act referred to, which will be severed by the reservoir and other works by this Act authorized, across the reservoir proposed to be made within the lands of the said Richard Clayton Browne Clayton, at some convenient point near where the road, number

30,

14 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

30, in the township of Worthington, crosses the Seven Stars Brook, to be selected by the said Richard Clayton Browne Clayton, his heirs or assigns, or other the person or persons for the time being entitled in possession to Adlington Park, and that such bridge shall be of handsome and ornamental design and construction, and such as to be suitable for a carriage approach to Adlington Hall, shall be repealed.

4.—The time given to the said Local Board by the said Act for the completion of the works authorized and required under the said Act, shall be extended to the expiration of five years from the date of the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

4. WIGAN. (Borrowing Powers.)

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Wigan Local Board of Health•

—Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the Tenth day of June 1850, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850, (No. 2,) the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, and the said Borough was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And whereas the Local Board of the said District have borrowed under the said Public Health Act, and under a Local Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and intituled " An Act for supplying the Borough of Wigan in the County " Palatine of Lancaster with Water, for the better Regulation of the Police therein, and " for other Purposes," and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums amounting in the whole to One hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and twelve Pounds Five Shillings and Threepence, to defray the expense of a portion of the works for sewering, and supplying water to, the said District, which said sums are not sufficient to defray the cost of completing the works for the purposes aforesaid.

And whereas the said Local Board have, under the authority of the 78 th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned the Right Honourable Spencer Horatio Walpole, at the date of the said petitioning one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to re-borrow the 6aid amount, and also to borrow the'further sum of Twenty-five thousand five hundred and twenty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ninepence, or so much thereof as may be required to complete the said works, such further sum, together with the amount to be so re-borrowed, not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable to the 6aid Acts within the said district, and to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

And whereas, after due inquiry into the allegations of the said petitioners, and report thereon by Henry Austin, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose of such inquiry and report, it appears expedient that the prayer of the said Petitioners should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me, as one of Her Majestv's Principal Secretaries of State by the said Local Government Act, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows:—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order—

The Local Board of Health for the District of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, shall have power and authority for the purposes aforesaid, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the Local Government Act, 1858, to borrow, and from time to time during the said term of fifty years to re-borrow, the said sum of* One hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and twelve Pounds Five Shillings and Threepence, and to borrow, and from time to time during the said term of fifty years to re-borrow, the further sum of Twenty-five thousand five hundred and twenty-four Pounds Fourteen

Shillings

15

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

Shillings and Ninepence, which sums together make up the amount of two years' assessable value of premises assessable under the said Act in the said district; but no part of the said last-mentioned sum of Twenty-five thousand five hundred and twenty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ninepence shall be borrowed without the sanction of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. And the whole of the said sum shall be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the re-borrowing or borrowing thereof respectively.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

5. BATTLE.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Battle Local Board of Health.—

Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas, by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the Fifth day of May 1851, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Parish of Battle, in the County of Sussex, and the said Parish was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And whereas the Local Board of the said District have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums amounting in the whole to Two thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the expense of a portion of the works for sewering, and supplying water to, the said District, which said sums at the time the borrowing of them was sanctioned equalled the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under that Act within the part of the District which the said works were intended to benefit, but were not sufficient to defray the cost of completing the works for the purposes aforesaid.

And whereas the said Local Board have, under the authority of the 78 th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned the Right Honourable Spencer Horatio Walpole, at the date of the said petition one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow a further sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole Three thousand seven hundred Pounds, in order to enable such Local Board to pay off their existing debt of Two thousand four hundred Pounds and outstanding claims, and also to defray the cost of completing the works for sewering, and supplying water to, their District; and whereas such further sum or sums will not exceed two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within such District; and whereas the said further sum or sums are proposed to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Henry Austin, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, and after the assent by the ratepayers of the aforesaid District in public meeting assembled, it appears expedient that the prayer of such petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power vested in me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the said Local Government Act, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows :—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order—•

The Local Board of Health for the District of Battle, in the County of Sussex, shall have power and authority to borrow, for the purposes aforesaid, on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the Local Government Act, 1858, an amount not exceeding in the whole Three thousand seven hundred Pounds, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

6. KNIGHTON.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

6. KNIGHTON.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Knighton Local Board of Health•

—Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas, by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the Thirtieth day of January 1850, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Borough of Knighton, in the County of Radnor, and the said Borough was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And whereas the Local Board of the said District have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums amounting in the whole to Two thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the expense of a portion of the works for sewering, and supplying water to, the said District, which said sums at the time the borrowing of them was sanctioned equalled the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under that Act within such District, but were not sufficient to defray the cost of completing the works for the purposes aforesaid.

And whereas the said Local Board have, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned the Right Honourable Spencer Horatio Walpole, at the date of the said petition one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow a further sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole Three thousand nine hundred and forty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Fivepence, in order to enable such Local Board to pay off their existing debt, and also to defray the cost of completing the works for sewering, and supplying water to, their District; and whereas such further sum or sums will not exceed two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within such District; and whereas the said further sum or sums are proposed to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, and after the assent by the ratepayers of the aforesaid District in public meeting assembled, it appears expedient that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows :—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order—

The Local Board of Health for the District of Knighton, in the County of Radnor, shall have power and authority to borrow, for the execution and completion of works of sewerage and water supply within such District, on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the Local Government Act, 1858, an amount not exceeding in the whole Four thousand Pounds, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

7. CARDIFF.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Cardiff Local Board of Health, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Improvements.—Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No. 3), have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put

in

boogie

17

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 11.

in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the improvement of High Street, Smith Street, Queen Street, and Frederick Street, all gituate within the District of the said Local Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedules annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees,-and occupiers of the aforesaid pieces of land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking of such pieces of land and buildings, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said district of Cardiff, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the district aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct—

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the Local Board of Health for the District of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

Tiie Pieces of Land and the Buildings proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following; the figures referring to the figures on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the Local Board of Health herein-before mentioned:—

No. on Plan. Land8 proposed to be taken. Owner, Lessee, and Occupier.

1 & la Land and Buildings thereon in High Street, Cardiff. William Tell Wheeler ^ Elizabeth Evans William Aubrey Eliza Richards Ann Kelly Jane Richards William Richards > Joint Owners.

1 Wm. Tell Wheeler (Occupier).

la - Mary Ann Thomas (Occupier).

2 The same - Lord Dynevor (Owner). Wm. Henry Morgan (Lessee). Philip Jones (Occupier).

3 The same - iZ SIS Homfi.y }«"• Owner.. Hannah Ward (Lessee). John Willett (Occupier).

4 8c 5 Land and Buildings thereon in Queen Street and Smith Street, Cardiff Samuel Rees Lloyd (Owner). Baptiste Pedrazzini (Occupier).

6 The same ... Samuel Rees Lloyd (Owner). Henry Thomas (Occupier).

22 & 23 ViCT. C

No. on Plan.

Lands proposed to be taken.

Owner, Lessee, and Occupier.

7, 8, & 9

7

8

9

10 & 11

10

11

12, 13, & 14

12

13 & 14 12 & 13 14

The same

The same

Land and Buildings thereon situate on the west side of Frederick Street, and fronting Bridge Street, Cardiff.

}

John Stuart Corbett James Evans Richard Evans Mary Grey (Occupier), Thomas Fry (Do.^ William Lewis (Do.)

John Homfray John Richards Homfray Joseph Fisher (Occupier). John Stainton (Do.) William Yachell (Owner).

David James and 1 T Charles Ridd fusees. Charles Ridd (Lessee).

David James (Occupier). Samuel Williams (Occupier).

Joint Owners.

Joint Owners.

8. DERBY.

Provisional Order repealing an Exemption from Rating under a Local Act in force within the District of the Derby Local Board of Health.—Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Derby, in the County of Derby, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by Provisional Order bearing date the Twenty-third day of May 1850, and confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850, have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of an Exemption from Rating made by a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit, that is to say, an Act passed in the Sixth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for better paving and otherwise " improving the Borough of Derby."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and made in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears to me expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the Baid matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order—

So much of the section numbered 103 in the copies of the said Local Act, printed by the King's printer, as exempts from any of the rates or assessments made by virtue of the said Local Act, all lands or grounds used solely for husbandry and agricultural purposes, and houses of which the annual value, to be ascertained as in the said Act directed, shall not exceed five pounds, shall be repealed; but such repeal shall not extend and apply to houses and buildings occupied exclusively for the purposes of public charity.

Given under my Hand this 19th day of July 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 12,13

19

CAP. XII.

An Act to repeal, as regards the Colony of Victoria, and to enable other Colonial Legislatures to repeal, certain Provisions of the Imperial Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of George the Third, Chapter Fifteen, and of the Fifth and Sixth Years of William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two, [8th August 1859.]

‘ VI/' HERE AS by the First, Second, and Third Sections, of an Act passed in the Fiffcy-c fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the

* more easy Recovery of Debts in Her Majesty's Colonies of New South Wales, Provision was ‘ made for the Proof, by Affidavit, Affirmation, or otherwise, of certain Matters requiring ‘ to be proved before any Courts of Law or Equity in New South Wales or its Dependencies, c and for the Punishment of Persons guilty of making such Affidavits or Affirmations falsely:

* And whereas by the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Sections of an Act passed in the Session c of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty King William the

* Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled

* " An Act for the effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various

* " Departments of the State, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof " and for the more f entire Suppression of voluntary and extra-judicial Oaths and Affidavits, and to make other

* Provisions for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, Provision was made for the Proof by € solemn Declaration or otherwise of certain Matters or Things requiring to be proved before c any Court of Law or Equity in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad: And whereas it is ( expedient that the Provisions above recited should be repealed as regards the Colony of ‘ Victoria, and that as well the said Provisions as the Fourth Section of the said first-c recited Act of Parliament should be alterable or repealable as regards any of Her Majesty's ‘ Possessions abroad by the Legislature or other Legislative Authority of such Possession:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The First, Second, and Third Sections of the said first-recited Act of Parliament, and the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Sections of the said secondly-recited Act of Parliament, shall be and they are hereby repealed so far as they apply to Her Majesty's Colony of Victoria.

II. It shall be lawful for the Legislature or other Legislative Authority of any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to which any of the Provisions contained in the said firstr recited Act, or in the Fifteenth or Seventeenth Section of the said secondly-recited Act, shall apply, to repeal, alter, or amend all or any of the Provisions, so far as applicable to such Possession, in like Manner and subject to the same Conditions as if the same had been originally enacted by such Legislature or Legislative Authority.

54 G. 3.C. 15.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

Recited Acts repealed so far as they apply to Colony of Victoria.

Power to Colonial Legislatures to alter, &c. Provisions of recited Acts applicable to such Possessions.

CAP. XIII,

An Act to enable Her Majesty to confirm an Act passed by the Legislature of Antigua, intituled An Act to extend the Operation of the Laws of Antigua to the Island of Barbuda. [8th August 1859*]

* WHEREAS in the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight an

* * * Act was passed by the Legislature of Her Majesty's Island of Antigua, intituled An c Act to extend the Operation of the Laws of Antigua to the Island of Barbuda; and it was ‘ provided in the said Act that the same should not have effect until Her Majesty's Pleasure ‘ should be signified thereon: And whereas Doubts are entertained respecting the Compe-‘ tency of the said Legislature to enact the said Act, and of Her Majesty to ratify and ( confirm the sameBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by

C 2 and

Her Majesty empowered to confirm recited Act of the Legislature of Antigua.

2 A 3 Vict, c. 71.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 99.

Provisions contained in Sections 32, 33, 34, and 35 of 2 & 3 Vict c. 71. extended to 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 99. and to all Parts of England.

Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom and Bal-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 13,14,15.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty^ with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to ratify and confirm the said Act, and the said Act shall, from the Day on which it shall have been so ratified and confirmed, be deemed to be valid and effectual wijthin the said Islands of Antigua and Barbuda, to all Intents and for all Purposes whatever.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-niuth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third, for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

[8th August

* V17HEREAS certain Provisions relating to Informations, Penalties, and Convictions

( * ' are contained in certain Sections, herein-after more particularly referred to, of an

* Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter ‘ Seventy-one, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; but such

* Provisions are restricted in their Operation to the Metropolitan Police Districts: And ( whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George ‘ the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers: And whereas i it is expedient to extend certain of the Provisions of the first-recited Act to the second-1 recited ActBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

The Provisions and Enactments contained in the Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-fifth Sections of the said recited Act of the Second and Third Victoria, Chapter Seventy-one, for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis, shall extend and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend to the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third, and to all Parts of England, in the same Manner and to the same Extent, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions and Enactments were herein repeated and set forth at Length: Provided, that whenever the Word " Magistrate 99 is used in the said Sections, or any of them, it shall be construed, deemed, and taken, for the Purposes of this Act, to mean any Stipendiary Magistrate or other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the District, County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence has been committed.

CAP. XV.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. [8th August 1859-]

* VS / HERE AS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia ‘ of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed

or

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 15,16.

or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

II. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia.

III. Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a Site for the Purposes of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, and other Courts and Offices. [8th August 1859-]

* HERE AS it is expedient that further and better Accommodation should be provided

* for the Purposes of Her Majesty's Court of Probate and the principal Registries

‘ and other Offices connected therewith, and also for such other Courts and Offices as are ‘ necessary for the Public Service, and that certain Land situate in the City of London,

* described in the Schedule to this Act, should be acquired and appropriated by the Commis-s sioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, herein-after called " the Commis-

* sionere," as herein-after mentioned for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas a Map or f Plan describing the Land to be acquired by the said Commissioners, under the Authority ‘ of this Act, has been prepared under the Direction of the CommissionersMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Persons who for the Time being, under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Forty-two, shall be Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, shall, for the Purpose of this Act, be and are hereby constituted a Corporation by the Name and Style of " The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings," and by that Np^ shall have

perpetual

21

lots for such Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

Not to extend to prevent the holding of certain Meeting renting to the Militia.

Commissioners of Works, &c. incorporated for the Purposes of this Act

Commissioners of Works to carry this Act into execution.

All Lands purchased under this Act to be vested in Commissioners for the Public Service.

Plan to be deposited in the Office of Works, &c., and be open for Inspection.

Power to stop up Streets and

Ways.

Power to raise or lower Streets.

Power to take Land.

No Land to be taken without Consent, except as in the Schedule.

22° & 23'' VICTORIA, c. 16.

perpetual Succession and use a Common Seal, to be by them from Time to Time altered as they think fit

IL It shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby authorized, out of any Monies which have been or which may from Time to Time be appropriated by Parliament and put at their Disposal for that Purpose, to purchase, as after provided, the Land in the City of London mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and to pull down and remove the Buildings thereon when so purchased, and to appropriate the Sites thereof and all the Land mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, whether now used as Courts, Yards, Gardens, vacant Ground, or otherwise, as a Site for the Erection thereon of Buildings for the Purposes of the Court of Probate and the Principal Registries and other Offices connected therewith, and also for the Purposes of such other Courts and Offices necessary for the Public Service, and in such Manner as shall be from Time to Time prescribed by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Treasury, and to carry the Purposes of this Act into execution in manner herein mentioned.

III. All Land purchased by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be vested in them for the Public Service, and shall be subject to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and in all respects as if the same had been acquired under the Provisions of that Act.

IY. The said Map or Plan describing the Land or any Part thereof to be acquired by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall, when signed by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and shall remain at the said Office, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection.

Y. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to stop up and wholly discontinue any Ways, Paths, Streets, or Passages which now lead into or pass through or by the Side of the Land and Premises herein-before mentioned; and the Ground and Soil of such Ways, Paths, Streets, or Passages as shall be so stopped up and discontinued, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be and are hereby vested in the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the Commissioners to stop up and wholly discontinue or build upon any Portion of Upper Thames Street, Addle Hill, Great Knightrider Street or Bennett's Hill, without the Consent of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being of the City of London, and which Consent such last-mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized to give.

VI. The Commissioners are hereby empowered to raise or lower the Ground of any Streets or Ways which shall communicate with the Site for the Erection of Buildings thereon as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, making Compensation to the Owners of Houses injured by such Alterations, as shall be agreed on between the Parties.

VII. For the Purposes of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to take and use any Land, and pull down and remove any Houses or Buildings thereon, at any Time after the Expiration of Six Months Notice in Writing from the Commissioners, or their Agent duly authorized, of their Intention to take or use the same, shall either be given to the principal Officer of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to the Person who shall be the Owner and Occupier of such Land, or, in case he cannot be found or ascertained, left at the usual or last known Place of his Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the said Land, or shall be affixed upon the Premises, and for the Purposes of this Act the Owner shall be any Person hereby capacitated to sell.

VIII. Provided always, That no Land shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, except such as is mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner thereof being first obtained.

IX. It

22* & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16. 23

IX It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to purchase, take down, and use for the Premises may Purposes of this Act any of the Tenements described on the said Plan as intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, although such Tenements, or the Name or Names of the Error^Si the Owner or Occupier thereof, may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the said Schedule. Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, and be certified under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake or erroneous Information.

X It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and for their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving Notice in Writing, for the First Time Twenty-four Hours, and afterwards from Time to Time Twelve Hours previous Notice, to enter into and upon all or any of the Land authorized to be taken and used as aforesaid for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to agree for the Purchase of any Land which they may deem necessary to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and of any Interest therein or Charges thereon, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof, as the Commissioners shall think proper, and to enter into any Contract in respect of the Premises which they may think fit.

XII. The Land which may be purchased in pursuance of this Act shall be conveyed to Land pur-

the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Publio Buildings and their Successors, or ^

to such Person as they shall direct, in trust for the Purposes of this Act, and the Kents and SwnSssion-Profits of the said Land shall be received and applied by the said Commissioners for the ers, or as they Purposes of this Act. 8haU direct

Power to Commissioners, their Surveyors, &c., to enter upon Land for surveying, &c.

Commissioners empowered to treat for Purchases.

XIII. If the Commissioners shall not within the Space of Three Years from the passing Limitation of this Act purchase or take the Land or Parts thereof which they are hereby empowered to purchase, then the compulsory Powers hereby granted to them for such Purpose shall Purchases; cease.

XIY. It shall be lawful for all Bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, ecclesiastical or Bodies Politic, lay, aggregate or sole, and for all Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, and all Executors and Administrators, not only for and on behalf of themselves, empowered their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, but also for and on to sell and behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, convey* Lunatics, or Persons not born or not ascertained, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Tenants for Life or for Years absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, and every Person having any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Issue, but also for and on behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in remainder, reversion, expectancy, or contingency, or for any other future Estate or Interest where such Persons or any of such Persons whether entitled to the next or any subsequent Estate or Interest, or any Part thereof, shall not be ascertained, or shall be incapable of contracting for, selling, or conveying the same, and to and for all Guardians, whether of the Person or Estate, on behalf of their Wards, Husbands on behalf of their Wives, Committees on behalf of the Persons of whose Estates they shall be Committees, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators and Issue of such Wards, Wives, or Persons respectively, and to and for all Femes Covert entitled in their own Right, and notwithstanding any Restraint from Alienation to any such Land, or to Dower or other Interest therein, on behalf not only of themselves but also of their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Issue, and also where such Wards, Wives,

Persons, or Femes Covert respectively shall be Tenants for Life or in Tail or for Years, or have any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, to and for such Guardians, Husbands,

Committees, and Femes Covert, on behalf of the Person or Persons on behalf of whom such Wards, Wives, Persons, or Femes Covert respectively, if of full Age, unmarried, and of sound Mind, might have contracted for, sold, and conveyed the said Land, and to and for every other Person whomsoever who is or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any of the said Land which by the Commissioners shall be thought necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every or any Part

thereof.

24

Satisfaction to be made and may be accepted.

Parties to deliver a Statement of their Claims.

If Parties refuse to treat, or shall not agree, a Jury to be summoned to ascertain Damage, and award Compensation.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

thereof, to the Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Person as the Commissioners shall direct, for the Purposes of this Act; and all Contracts and Assurances which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, contracting or conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which they or any of them shall respectively make by virtue of this Act.

XV. Every Body and Person herein capacitated to contract for, sell, and convey any such Land as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Land, or any Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, may accept such Satisfaction for the Value thereof, and such Bodies or Persons, and also any Tenant or other Occupier of any such Premises entitled to any Compensation for Tenants Fixtures, and for any other Injury or Damage as shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, may accept such Sum of Money in respect thereof as shall be agreed upon between him and the Commissioners, and in case they cannot agree as to the Amount the same shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner herein-after directed.

XVI. On or before the Expiration of One Month next after Notice in Writing from the Commissioners or their .Agent duly authorized of their Intention to take or use any Land, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, shall have been given, left, or affixed as herein-before is mentioned, every Body or Person authorized by this Act to accept Satisfaction or Kecompence for the Value of the same, or any Estate, Share, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, or having or claiming to be entitled to any Compensation for any Goodwill or Improvements, or for Fixtures, or for any Injury or Damage sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, shall deliver to the Commissioners or leave at their Office a Statement in Writing of the Particulars of the Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge which such Body or Person claims to be entitled to or to be authorized to receive Satisfaction or Kecompence for, and of the Goodwill, Improvements which may be lost, and of the Fixtures, apd of the Injury or Damage sustained, and of the Amount of the Money which such Body or Person may be willing to receive in satisfaction or recompence for the Value of such Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge, and also the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money which such Body or Person may be willing to receive as Compensation for such Goodwill and Improvements and Fixtures, and for such Injury or Damage respectively.

XVII. If any Body or Person seised, possessed of, or interested in any Land, or in any Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, which the Commissioners are hereby empowered to purchase, take, and use for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the Commissioners for the Sale and Disposal of his Estate and Interest therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce a clear Title to the Premises he may be in possession of, or to the Interest he shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case the Commissioners are hereby empowered to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Corporate Seal to the Sheriffs of the City of London or their Under Sheriffs, or in case such Sheriffs or Under Sheriffs shall be in anywise interested in the Matter in question, then the Coroner of the City of London, and they and he are and is hereby required and authorized to summon, empannel, and return a Jury of not less than Thirty-six nor more than Forty-eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, at such Time as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and Fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing under the Corporate Seal of the Commissioners of the Time and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned shall be given to such Persons interested in the Premises, before the Time of Meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Persons, or of the Head Officer of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and the said

Sheriffs,

25

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, or Coroner are and is hereby empowered to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so empannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Court of Mayor and Alderman shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriffs,

Under Sheriffs, or Coroner, or some Person to be appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel,

Solicitors, and Agents, to attend and be heard and to adduce Evidence before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen is hereby empowered and required to administer) inquire into and ascertain what Damages will be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for the Value of such Land* and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of every Person seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and assess the Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Land, and of such Estates and Interests therein, and also for Goodwill, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Party; provided that such Goodwill shall be estimated by what in the Opinion of such Jury the same would have been worth in case the Alterations or Improvements intended by this Act had not been in contemplation, and also for and on account of the taking of such Land for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Jury in estimating such Recompence and Satisfaction shall take into their Consideration the Increase in Value of the Residue of any Property of which such Land shall form Part; and in order thereto the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all Persons whomsoever whom it shall be thought necessary to examine a^ Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen is hereby empowered to administer, and such Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have settled such Damage and Satisfaction, the said Court of Verdict of Mayor and Aldermen shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by to

the said Jury to be paid by the Commissioners to the said Parties interested therein, according to such Verdict of the Jury, which 6aid Verdict shall be final as against all Parties interested, and all other Persons whomsoever,

XVIII. If the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Land authorized to be taken by virtue where Part of this Act shall not be inclined to sell or part with the whole thereof or of his Interest in ?f an E*tat« the whole thereof, and it shall not be found necessary to take the whole for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Parties cannot agree as to the Sum of Money to be paid for the to be value*'. Part which the Commissioners or any Person authorized by them shall not think it necessary to purchase, then the Jury shall assess the Value of the whole Premises, according to the Condition in which they are at the Time of taking the View, and also the Value of that Part of the Premises which shall remain after the Commissioners or the Person authorized by them have taken away so much as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and in such last Valuation the said Jury shall take into their Consideration the Improvement or Depreciation which the Remainder of the Premises is likely to receive or sustain from the Alteration intended to be made; and the Jury having made these Two Valuations, the Difference between them shall be the Price to be paid by the Commissioners for that Part which they shall have occasion for, and such Price shall be recorded as the Verdict of the Jury for the Value of the same.

XIX; No Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to award any Notice to be Sum or Sums of Money to any Body or Person by way of Compensation for Goodwill or 8jven of 22 & 23 Vict. D Improvements SS!8^03

Penalty on Sheriffs, Jury, and Witnesses for Neglect of Duty.

Jury may assess Value of Fee Simple, and then apportion Values of respective Interests therein.

Value of I^tnd to be ascertained distinct from Goodwill or other Damages.

Provision as to Expenses of summoning and returning Juries.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

Improvements alleged to have been lost, or Tenant's Fixtures, or any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by reason or means of this Act, or anything which shall or may be done in the Execution tnereof, unless such a Statement as herein-before is mentioned of the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what Manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given to the Commissioners or left at their Office as aforesaid by and on behalf of such Person Ten Days at least before the Time of the Meeting of such Jury.

XX. If the Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, or Coroner so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid shall make default in the Premises, they or he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the Party who shall be prejudiced or injured thereby, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other Matter wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the Justices herein-after mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of the Aldermen of the said City of London by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, the Person making such Distress and Sale rendering to him the Overplus of the Money thereby produced, if any, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Commissioners to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXL In all Cases in which a Verdict shall be given for the Value of any Land, or Share therein, the Jury shall, if required so to do by or on behalf of the Commissioners, inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Value of the Fee Simple of the Entirety of the said Premises, and shall afterwards apportion and divide the Value so ascertained between and among all the different Shares and Charges which shall be claimed therein, and also between different Parts of the said Land alleged to be held under different Titles: Provided always, that the Verdict of any Jury shall not defeat or prejudice any Contract or Sale which shall have previously been made of any Share or Charge, although the Value of the same may be ascertained to be different from the Amount of the Price, Recompence, or Satisfaction agreed to be paid for the same.

XXII. The Jury so to be summoned as aforesaid shall award all Determinations, Judgments, and Verdicts which they shall make and give in execution of the Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Value of Land, or of any Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or any Charge thereon separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any Loss of Goodwill to which the Occupier may personally be entitled, or any other Loss or Damage to be sustained by any Person in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Land, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Goodwill, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other, and when any Money shall be assessed or adjudged for such Goodwill, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, the Jury shall, if required by the Commissioners, declare whether the Statement delivered by the Claimant of the Manner in which any Amount of the Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation for the same has been computed and made up gave sufficient Particulars to enable the Commissioners to make a proper Offer.

XXIII. In case any Jury to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction for the Rights, Interests, or Property of any Person in any such Land, or for any such Goodwill, Improvements, Injury, or Damage as aforesaid than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the same in the aggregate by the Commissioners before the summoning and returning of such Jury, or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries or other Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person

legally

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16. 27

legally capacitated to enter into any Contract with the Commissioners, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expenses of causing and procuring such Recompenoe, Compensation, or Satisfaction to be assessed by a Jury shall be settled by the Registrar of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and shall be paid by the Commissioners; but in every Case in which any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall be of opinion that the Statement delivered by the Claimant, of the Manner in which any Amount of Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation has been computed and made up, did not give sufficient Particulars to enable the Commissioners to make a proper Offer, and in every other Case in which any such Jury shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money as such Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction as aforesaid than shall have been agreed to and offered by the Commissioners in the aggregate for the same before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or where the causing or procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refusal to treat or agree with the Commissioners by any Body or Person who is by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat, then (except where, by reason of Absence, such Person shall be prevented from treating with the Commissioners,) all such Costs, Charges, and Expenses to be settled by such Registrar of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall be paid to the Commissioners by the said Body or Person so claiming such Compensation, or refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively, (save only where, by reason of Absence or other like Cause, any Person shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid,) in which Case no Costs, Charges, or Expenses shall be allowed to either Party as against the other, and all Costs, Charges, and Expenses hereby directed to be paid to the Commissioners shall be deducted and retained by them out of the Money sov assessed to be paid by them as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of the Person entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum so assessed, or in case no Money or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be assessed to be paid by the Commissioners whereout such Costs, Charges, and Expenses can be deducted, then the same shall be recovered by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of the Aldermen of the City of London, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person liable to the Payment of the same, the Party making such Distress and Sale rendering to such Person as aforesaid the Overplus of the Money thereby produced (if any) after such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted,

XXIV. A Minute or Docket of all the said Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office of Verdicts to

the Commissioners, and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be deposited with the recorded.

Registrar of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and entered amongst the Records of

the said Court, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents whatsoever, and the same or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XXV. If in any Case the Owner of any Land, Part only of which shall at any Time be Commissionen required by the Commissioners to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be unwilling

to sell such Part only as shall be required by the Commissioners, the Commissioners are JXoteof the hereby required, at the Option of any Owner of any such Land, to purchase of and from Land, if the the said Owner the whole or such Part thereof over and above such Part thereof as may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act as such Owner shall think fit, and to apply so much gell a and such Part thereof as the Commissioners, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall see fit, for the Purposes aforesaid, and if such Owner shall not or cannot agree with the Commissioners for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the whole or such Part thereof as aforesaid, then the Value thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in such Manner as the Price for any Premises to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be ascertained, and all such other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Premises as are herein-before mentioned and directed with respect to the Premises, the Value of which shall be ascertained by a Jury in the Manner aforesaid.

D 2 XXVI In

28

Peraons holding under Leases to produce the same.

For settling Disputes as to Damages of small Amount.

Commissioners not to take possession until the Purchase Monies are tendered or paid.

Commissioners empowered to take possession on Payment of Purchase Mpney into the Bank of England.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

XXVI. In all Cases in which any Person shall claim any Satisfaction or Compensation for or in respect of any unexpired Term or Interest which he shall claim to be possessed of or entitled unto in any Land intended to be taken or used under the Authority of this Act* under or by virtue of any Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant thereof, the Commissioners are hereby authorized to require such Person to produce or show the Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant, in respect of which such Claim to Satisfaction or Compensation shall be made, or the best Evidence thereof in his Power, and if such Demise or Lease, or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant, or such best Evidence thereof as aforesaid, shall not be produced or shown within Twenty-one Days after Demand made by the Commissioners, or any Person by them authorized, the Person claiming such Satisfaction or Compensation shall be considered and treated as holding only from Year to Year.

XXVII. In case any Difference shall arise between the Commissioners and any of the Owners of the Property to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act as to the Amount or Value of the Damages done by the Commissioners, their Agents or Workmen, to such Property in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and such Difference cannot be adjusted, the same shall, in case the Amount of Damages claimed does not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be determined by some Two Aldermen of the City of London, who, upon Application made to them by both or cither of the said Parties shall examine into the Matter in dispute, and shall determine the Amount of Compensation which shall be payable by the Commissioners, and such Aldermen may examine Witnesses and administer Oaths, in all respects, and with the same Consequences as to false swearing, as if the same were a judicial Matter brought before them, on which they were by Law entitled to adjudicate.

XXVIII. Provided always, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recom-pence, or Satisfaction, to be made or paid pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, shall be paid or tendered to the Party entitled to the same, or into the Bank of England, as herein mentioned, before the Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, shall proceed to take possession of any Tenement, or to pull down any House or other Erection or Building comprised in or affected by such Agreement or Verdict respectively, or to use the same for any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. If any Body or Person seised or possessed of or interested in any such Land, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, as aforesaid, cannot be found, or shall not be known or ascertained, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners (whose Opinion in the Premises shall be final), or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance thereof, then and in every such Case, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted and agreed or shall have been assessed and awarded by any Jury in manner aforesaid to be paid for the Purchase of or for the Value of the same Premises into the Bank of England as herein-after directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite) for the Use of such Person so interested in or entitled ns aforesaid, such Land, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Body or Person or unknown Person to whose Credit such Money shall be paid into and out of the Land to be purchased as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth vest in the Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, Claims and Demands, as fully and effectually as if every Body or Person having any Estates in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Release, Bargain, and Sale enrolled, and with the Assent of any Protector of the Settlement whose Assent might be necessary, or Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, or any such Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever, and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Body or Person or unknown Person of, in, and to the same Premises to whose Credit such Payment or Tender shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in possession, reversion, remainder, expectancy, or contingency, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and every

other

29

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

other Person whomsoever, and the same Premises shall and may thereupon be palled down, made use of, and employed for the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Direction of the Commissioners.

XXX. If any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Land, or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, or for any other Right, Matter, or Interest, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Body or Person under any Disability or Incapacity, or not legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premises by the Sale of which such Money shall be produced, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account there of such Accountant General ex parte the Commissioners, pursuant to the Method prescribed by any Act for the Time being in force for regulating Money paid into the said Court, and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Person who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, os the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Land, or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein or Charge thereon, or affecting other Land, standing settled therewith, to the same or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Land, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Land which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect, and in the meantime, until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Body or Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Land, or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Body or Person for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges so purchased, taken, or used, or of his Guardian or Committee in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under his Hand, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Person making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the nominating Parties and the Common Seal of the Commissioners, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner herein-before directed so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXXII. Provided always, That where such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the

same

Application of Purchase Money when amounting to 200/.

When less than 200/. ami amounting to 20/.

When less than 20/.

30 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

In case of not making oat Titles,

same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, and Charges so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of the Infancy or Lunacy of such Person then such Money shall be paid to his Guardian or Committee to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person so entitled.

XXXIII. In case the Body or Person to whom any Sum of Money shall be agreed to be paid or shall be awarded by any Jury for the Purchase of any Land, or any Parts, Shares, Estates, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, to be purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners (whose Opinion in the Premises shall be final), or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Assignment thereof, or in case the Person to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed or awarded to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person entitled to such Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to pay the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or agreed to be paid as aforesaid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Party, if known, who shall be interested in the said Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges (describingsuch Land,) but, if such Party shall not be known, to the Credit of the said Commissioners, subject to the Order, Control, or Disposition of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Body or Person making claim to any such Sum of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and the same is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Body or Person making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum of Money is hereby required to give a Receipt for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay any such Sum of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title, the Person in possession shall be deemed entitled until the contrary be shown.

XXXIV. Provided always, where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Body or Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Land, or Part thereof, or of any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, or Interest into or upon any Land to be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends of any such Bank Annuities, the Body or Person who shall have been in possession of such Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges at the Time of such Purchase, and every Body or Person claiming under such Body or Person, or under the Possession of such Body or Person, shall be taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Land, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person was lawfully entitled to such Land or Part thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein or Charge thereon.

Court of Chan- XXXV. Provided also, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Body Ex7 nses of^ or ^er8on entitled to any Land or Part thereof, or Share, Estate, or Interest therein, or Purchases to Charge thereon, to be purchased or taken under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase be paid by the Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, to be Commissioners. appJie(J in the Purchase of other Land to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expenses of the Purchases to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expenses as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Commissioners, who shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money put of the Monies appropriated and applicable to the Purposes of this

Act

31

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

Act as the said Court shall direct: Provided always, that the Costs of One Application only for Reinvestment in Land shall be allowed, unless it shall appear to the said Court that it is for the Benefit of the Parties interested in the said Monies that the same should be invested in the Purchase of Lands in different Sums and at different Times, in which Case it shall be lawful for the Court, if it think fit, in order the Costs of any such Investments to be paid by the Commissioners.

XXXVL Where the Money awarded to be paid for any Lands which shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England in manner herein-before directed, in consequence of a good Title not having been made to such Land to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or any Person authorized by them, by reason of the same Land respectively being subject together with other Land not required for the Purposes of this Act to a Rent payable to some Body or Person unable or unwilling to release therefrom the Land so to be taken, then and in every or any such Case the Land for the Value of which the Money to be paid into the Bank, together with the Money (if any) to be retained for Costs and Charges under the Authority of this Act, shall be assessed to be paid, shall be for ever discharged from such Rent and all Claims and Demands in respect thereof, and the Money to be paid into the Bank of England shall be laid out and invested under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Person who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land for the Value of which such Money respectively shall have been paid as aforesaid in the Purchase of other Land which Bhall be conveyed and settled (subject together with such other Land to such Rent) to the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Land so to be taken as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking effect, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the Accountant General of the said Court, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the Baid Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Body or Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made; and the Land so to be purchased and settled shall be subject to the Rent to which the same shall be declared as aforesaid in the Conveyance and Settlement thereof to be subject in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Land taken or to be taken for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid were subject thereto, and the Body or Persons to whom such Rent shall be payable shall have such and the same Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof or of any Part thereof out of or upon the Land to be comprised in such Conveyance and Settlement and declared to be subject thereto as he would have been entitled to if such Rent had originally been reserved out of or charged upon the same, instead of the Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as such Rent was reserved out of or charged upon such last-mentioned Land, together with the other Land subject thereto; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said Court, if it shall think proper, upon Application thereto, to order any Part of the Dividends and annual Produce of the Bank Annuities in which the said last-mentioned Money shall be invested to be paid from Time to Time to the Body or Person for the Time being entitled to the said Rent, in discharge thereof or Part thereof, as the Case may be.

XXXVII. Where any Land purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased by the Commissioners shall be subject solely or jointly with other Land not intended or wanted to be purchased to or with any Rent Service, Rentcharge, or Chief Rent, or other Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to agree for the Release of the Land so purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased from such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, and also (where necessary or convenient) for an Apportionment of such Rent,

Payment,

Where the Title is defective by reason of a Kent payable out of other Land, as well as Land required for the Purposes of this Act, the Money paid into the Bank to be laid out in the Purchase of other Land, which shall be subject to the Kent in the same Manner.

Power to purchase the Release of Land wanted from Kents charged thereon.

32

Hants on Leases to be apportioned.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

Payment, or Incumbrance for such gross Sum os shall be agreed upon between the Commissioners and the Party who under the Provisions of this Act shall agree to sell or apportion the same, and which Agreement may be entered into by any Person and Corporation by this Act authorized and empowered to sell or convey Land, and the Monies to be paid shall be paid and applied in manner herein-before directed with regard to the Purchase Money on the Sale of Land, and in case any Difference shall arise respecting the Value of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, or respecting the Apportionment thereof, the same shall be determined by a Jury, if required, in like Manner as the Price of Land is by this Act directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof, which Jury shall assess and determine the Value of the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the Land purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased, and shall also (where necessary or convenient) apportion the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the Land jointly subject to the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance as herein-before mentioned, according to the respective Values of the Land purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased, and of the Land not purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased by the Commissioners; and all Assurances which shall be made by and between or to the Commissioners and any such Party as aforesaid respecting such Release shall be valid in the Law, and shall extinguish the whole or a proportionate Part of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance (as the Case may be):  Provided always, that where the Party entitled to such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall consider the remaining Part of the Land so jointly subject and the same shall in fact be a sufficient Security for such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, and shall be willing to release the Land so purchased by the Commissioners therefrom, then it shall be lawful for the Party entitled by this Act, or capacitated to apportion such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, or to release the Land so purchased therefrom (with the Consent of the Owner of the Land so purchased, and also of the Owner of the Land so jointly subject as aforesaid), to release the Land so purchased as aforesaid from the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance so affecting the same as aforesaid jointly with other Land, on condition or in consideration of 6uch other Land continuing or remaining wholly and exclusively subject to the whole of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance: Provided also, that when any of the Land purchased by the Commissioners shall be released from a Part only of any Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance affecting the same jointly with other Land not purchased by the Commissioners, such last-mentioned Land shall be charged only with the Remainder of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, and such Apportionment shall not prejudice the Title to the remaining Rent or the Remedies for such Remainder, but the same shall at all Times thereafter remain as effectual as if the Land not so purchased had been originally charged with that Amount only: Provided also, that when a Part of any Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall be released it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, on Tender for that Purpose of any Deed or Instrument creating or transferring the Remainder of such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance, to endorse a Memorandum on such Deed or Instrument declaring what Part of the Land originally subject to such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall have been purchased by virtue of this Act, and what Proportion of the said Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall have been released, and also declaring the Amount of the Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance which shall continue payable, and such Memorandum shall be Evidence in all Courts of the Facts therein stated, but shall not exclude any other Evidence of the same Facts,

XXXVIII. In all Cases in which a Part only of any Land comprised in any Lease or Agreement for Lease for a Term of Years unexpired, or for a Life or Lives, or for a Term determinable on a Life or Lives, shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, the Rent payable in respect of any Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for a Lease shall be apportioned between the Land required for the Purposes of this Act and the Residue of such Land, and such Apportionment shall, in case the same shall not be settled by Agreement between the Parties, be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, if required, in like Manner as the Price of any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof; and in case such Apportionment shall be settled by Agreement between the Parties such Agreement shall be made with and shall not be valid without the Consent and Approbation of the Lessor from whom such Land is holden, or agreed to be holden, and any Person hereby capacitated to sell who shall be a Lessor shall be capacitated to assent and to bind the Property in respect of such Assent, and

after

22" & 23" VICTORIES, c. 16. 33

after such Apportionment the Tenant or Lessee of the Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease shall as to all future accruing Rent be liable only to so much of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease as shall have been apportioned in respect of the Land not required for the Purposes of this Act, and the Lessor of the said Land shall have all such and the same Remedies for the Recovery of the Rent so apportioned in respect of the Land not required for the Purposes of this Act as before such Apportionment he had or was entitled to in respect of the Rent reserved or agreed to be reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease; and such Apportionment shall not prejudice or affect any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in such Lease or Agreement for Lease contained, so far as the same relate to the Land comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease, and not required for the Purposes of this Act, but the same shall as to such last-mentioned Land, but not further, continue in full Force.

XXXIX. Every Body and Person having any Mortgage on any Land which shall be Mortgagees required to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, (and whether entitled thereto in their own Right or in trust for any other Body or Person, and whether in oossession of such sionerson' Land by virtue of such Mortgage or not, and whether such Mortgage shall affect such Land Tender of solely or jointly with any other Land which shall not be so required,) shall, on Payment or duc

Tender by the Commissioners or by any Person by them authorized of the Principal ° ° s^'

Money and Interest due on such Mortgage, and the just Costs (if any) then due, together with the Amount of Six Months Interest on the said Principal Money (which Tender and Payment the Commissioners are hereby authorized to make and to deduct the same from any Sum agreed or directed to be paid for an Estate or Interest of the Party entitled to the Equity of Redemption) of and in the Land so mortgaged, in case the same shall be sufficient for the Purpose, immediately convey, assign, and transfer the respective Interests of such Mortgagees in the Land which shall be so required to the Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Person as the Commissioners shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the Commissioners, or from the Party entitled to the Equity of Redemption of and in the same Land that they will pay off the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on such Mortgage , at the End of Six or less Number of Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then at the End of such Six or less Number of Months, on Payment or Tender by the Commissioners of the Principal Money and Interest which would become due at the End of Six Months from the Time of giving such Notice, together with any just Costs then due, such Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer their respective Interests in the Land which shall be so required for the Purposes of this Act to the Commissioners and their Successors, or as the Commissioners shall direct; and in case any such Mortgagee shall refuse to convey, assign, or transfer as aforesaid, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, then, on Payment of such Money, Interest, and Costs into the Court of Chancery as herein-after mentioned, all Interest on every such Mortgage Debt, and all Claim and Right of every such Mortgagee thereto, shall thenceforth cease: Provided always, that in case any such Mortgagee shall in either of the Cases aforesaid neglect or refuse to convey, assign, or transfer as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, and the Costs (if any) due on any such Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at or near the End of Six Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, or as soon after as possible, or, in lieu of such Notice, and in addition to the said other Monies, of Six Calendar Months Interest in advance for the Use of such Mortgagee at any Time after Tender of the Principal, Interest, and Costs, and Six Calendar Months Interest in advance as aforesaid, the Cashier of the said Bank shall give a Receipt for the said Money in like Manner as is by this Act directed in Cases of other Payments into the said Bank, and thereupon, or upon such Conveyance, Assignment, or Transfer by any such Mortgagee as aforesaid, all the Estate and Interest of such Mortgagee, and of every Person in trust for him or for whom he shall be Trustee, shall vest in the Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Land comprised in such Mortgage, or so much thereof as shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

22 & 23 Vict. E XL. In

A8 to Cases where the Mortgage Money is more than the Value of the Land, or a Part only of the Land is taken.

Tenants at Will or from Year to Year to quit after Notice.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

XL. In all Cases in which any Land subject to any Mortgage shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, which Land shall be of less Value than the Principal Monies, Interest, and Costs secured thereon, or in which a Part only of the Land subject to any Mortgage shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, and such Part shall be of less Value than the Principal Monies, Interest, and Costs secured on such Land, and the Mortgagee thereof shall not consider the remaining Part of such Land to be a sufficient Security for the Money charged thereon, or shall not be willing to release the Part required for the Purposes of this Act from the Principal or Mortgage Money, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, and all Costs, the Value of such Land, or, as the Case may be, of such Part of the said Land as shall be so required for the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Compensation (if any) for any Damage done m respect of the Parts so required, shall be settled and agreed upon by and between such Mortgagee and the Body, Trustee, or Person entitled to the Equity of Redemption of such Land whether absolutely or for such Estate as might capacitate such Parties to convey for the Purposes of this Act on the one Part and the Commissioners on the other Part, and in case of any Difference between them then such Value and Compensation shall be determined by the verdict of a Jury in the same Manner as in other Cases of Difference; and the Amount of such Value and Compensation, being so agreed upon or determined as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Mortgagee in satisfaction of his Claim, so far as the same will extend, and such Mortgagee shall thereupon convey, assign, and transfer all his Interest in such mortgaged Land, the Value whereof shall have been so agreed upon or determined as aforesaid; or, in case of the Party neglecting or refusing to convey, assign, or transfer as herein-before directed, then the Amount of such Value and Compensation shall be paid into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the said Mortgagee, as by this Act is provided in Cases of the like Nature, and such Payment to the Mortgagee or into the Bank as last aforesaid shall be accepted in satisfaction of the Claim of such Mortgagee so far as the same will extend, and also in full Discharge and Exoneration of such Part of the mortgaged Land as shall be so taken or used from all Principal and Interest and other Money due or secured thereon, and thereupon such mortgaged Land shall become absolutely vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors, who shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that every Mortgagee shall have the same Powers and Remedies for recovering or compelling Payment of his Mortgage Money, or the Residue thereof (as the Case may be) or the Interest thereof respectively, upon and out of the Residue of the mortgaged Land not required for the Purposes aforesaid, as he would have had or been entitled to for recovering or compelling Payment thereof upon or out of the whole of the Land originally comprised in such Mortgage: Provided also, that when a Part only of the Land subject to any Mortgage shall have been taken for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, and the Value of the Land so taken shall, on the Assignment or Conveyance thereof to the Commissioners and their Successors, have been paid to the Mortgagee thereof in part Satisfaction of his Mortgage Debt, a Memorandum of what shall have been so paid shall be endorsed on the Deed creating such Mortgage at the Time of executing such Assignment or Conveyance to the Commissioners, and shall be signed by such Mortgagee, and a Copy of such Memorandum shall at the same Time (if required) be furnished by the Commissioners to the Persons so entitled as aforesaid to the Equity of Redemption of the Land comprised in such Mortgage Deed.

XLI. Every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or any other Person in possession of any such Land or any Part thereof which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act or vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year, shall, at the End of Six Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing under the Corporate Seal of the Commissioners shall have been given to him or left at the Premises which are the subject of such Notice, and whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time of such Tenants holding or not, quit and relinquish the said Premises unto the Commissioners, or to such Person as shall be by them authorized to receive Possession thereof; and in case any such Lessee shall be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his Term or Interest in any such Premises, then and in such Case the Commissioners shall give Satisfaction and Compensation

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16. 38

(ion for the Lobs or Damage which he shall sustain thereby, and in case of any Difference as to the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation, the same shall or may be settled and ascertained by a Jury in the same Manner as the Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Land is herein-before directed to be ascertained, or, if the Commissioners and the other Parties in difference shall agree thereto, the same may be settled by a Reference to the Award of Arbitrators and their Umpire to be chosen by the Parties in difference, and that all and every Person and Body in possession of any Land or any Part of any Land which shall or may be purchased in pursuance of this Act by the Commissioners, or vested in them for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall, upon Payment or Tender as aforesaid of such Recompence or Satisfaction for any of his Term, Estate, or Interest in the Premises as shall be mutually agreed upon, or as shall be settled, ascertained, and awarded by any Referee or Referees, or Umpire, or by Verdict, or Inquisition of a Jury in manner aforesaid, quit and relinquish the said Premises so in their respective Possessions unto the Commissioners, or to such Person as shall be by them authorized to receive Possession of the same; and all the Leases, Demises, Contracts, and Agreements whatsoever, under or by virtue whereof any such Person or Body shall hold the said Premises, shall at and from the End and Expiration of such Six Months, or upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, be absolutely void and of none Effect as against the Commissioners, and if any such Tenant at Will or Lessee or other Person or Body shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Premises at the Expiration of such Six Months, or upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Alderman of the City of London to issue his Precept or Warrant to the Constables of the said City of London for the Time being, or any of them, or to any Person to be by such Alderman appointed as Constable for that especial Purpose, commanding and requiring such Constable or Constables or any of them to cause Possession of the said Premises to be taken, and afterwards delivered to such Person as shall in such Precept or Warrant be nominated to receive the same on behalf of the Commissioners, and the said Constables and every of them are and is thereupon hereby authorized and required to cause such Possession to be taken and delivered accordingly: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or restrain the Commissioners whenever they may deem it just and reasonable so to do from granting Compensation to any Tenant at Will for giving up the Possession of the Premises, under or by virtue of this Act, in any Case where special Injury shall be proved to their Satisfaction.

XLII. Every Person and Body hereby capacitated to sell, and who may not agree with Persons au-the Commissioners as to the Price to be paid, may, if he shall think fit, instead of having the Value ascertained by a Jury as aforesaid, agree with the Commissioners to refer it to u to^bitra-any Person or Persons and their Umpire to ascertain the Amount to be paid, and every tow to fix the such Agreement, and the Award to be made in pursuance thereof, shall be in all respects Price* binding and effectual, and as if the Value had been ascertained by a Jury.

XLIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to pull Power to clear down or cause to be pulled down all Houses and other Erections and Buildings which shall ^ be purchased by virtue of this Act, or such of them or such Part thereof as they shall think Materials, proper to be pulled down, and to level and clear the Ground whereon the same shall stand, and all other the Ground to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to sell or cause to be sold the Materials of the Houses and other Buildings to be taken down and removed pursuant to this Act, and the Monies to be produced by the Sale thereof, (after deducting the Expenses of pulling down such Houses and Buildings respectively, and of such Sale or Sales,) and also the Rents and Profits of such Houses and Buildings to be purchased or taken by virtue of this Act, until the same shall be pulled down or cleared, shall be received and applied by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIV. No Purchase shall be made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act No Purchase* without the Assent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for to be made executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer; but it shall not be necessary for any Vendor ^^orit^of or any Purchaser from the said Commissioners to ascertain that such Assent has been given, the Treasury, nor shall the Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any

E 2 Evidence

Materials, &c. vested in the Commissioners.

Commissioners may cause Actions to be brought for Breach of Contract.

Costs and such Sum as Jury may find, to be paid to Persons obtaining Judgment in lieu of Land.

Deeds, Ac. not liable to Stamp Duty.

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 16.

Evidence of such Assent: Provided nevertheless, that such Assent may be given either generally or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer as aforesaid shall seem meet.

XLV. The Right and Property of all and every the Grates, Bars, Posts, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for paving, Implements, Utensils, and Things whatsoever, which may be erected and set up or provided by the Commissioners or by their Order, or otherwise belonging to and used by them for the Purposes of this Act, and also any Materials which formed Part of any Buildings which may be pulled down by the Direction of the Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, shall be vested in the Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to dispose of and apply the same for the Purposes of this Act as they shall think fit, and to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer and prosecute with Effect any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, secrete, injure, damage, or dispose of the same, or any of them respectively, to their own Use and Uses, or shall disturb them, the Commissioners or their Officers, or other Persons acting under them, in the Possession thereof.

XLVI. In case any Contract entered into in pursuance of this Act with the Commissioners, or in case all or any of the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the Intent and Meaning of any Contract or Contracts to be entered into by the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act, or shall not be completed within the Time or Times specified in such Contract, then and in every such Case the Commissioners may cause an Action to be brought in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster against any such Contractor for any Penalty contained in his Contract; and on Proof of the signing of the said Contract, and Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the Commissioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the full Penalty contained in any such Contract, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, which Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be Lawful for the Commissioners, if they think fit, to compound and agree with any such Contractor for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XLVII. If any Proceedings shall be taken for the Recovery of the Possession of any Land so purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act, then within Two Months after any Judgment shall be obtained by any Person for the Recovery of the Possession of any such Premises there shall be paid or tendered to any Person so obtaining such Judgment, in lieu of such Premises, his Costs on any Proceeding for the obtaining such Judgment, together with such Sum of Money as a Jury shall in the Manner herein-aftcr mentioned find to have been the Value of the said Premises at the Time when the same were conveyed for the Purposes of the Act, or when Possession thereof was taken as aforesaid, and the Jury who shall try any Proceeding brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Premises as aforesaid shall at the same Time ascertain the Value of such Premises at the Time when they were conveyed for ihe Purposes of this Act, or when Possession was taken thereof, and the Value so found shall be certified by the presiding Judge under his Hand, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Person seeking to recover Possession of the same Premises, and such Value shall be the Amount to be paid in lieu of the said Premises, and the same shall be paid by the Commissioners out of Monies in their Hands applicable for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Land, the Possession whereof was so sought to be recovered, shall remain vested in the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act, such Amount or Value being taken and accepted in lieu thereof.

XLVIII. No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument which shall be made or executed by, to, or with the Commissioners, or otherwise, for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments be specially subjected and specifically charged therewith by any future Act.

XLIX. All

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16. 37

XLIX. All Persons who upon any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall Punishing wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves before any Jury or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of such Act, shall Evidence, and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

L. No Plaintiff shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for Plaintiff not anything done in pursuance of this Act unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to to recover the Defendant, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, Twenty-one Days before such o^after Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Tender of Plaintiff, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff recover if Tender of Amends, good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him or his Attorney by or on behalf of the Defendant before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after such Action brought and before the Trial thereof, with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last-mentioned Tender, but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, atid shall pay full Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant may recover Costs in any other Case by Law, or, in case no Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein any such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LI. Provided always. That no Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Limitation of Person or Body for anything done in pursuance of this Act after Three Months next after Actions, the Fact committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages then after Three Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the Liberty or County where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may at his Election plead specially or plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twfenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant

LI I. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, Saving Rights or take away any of the Bights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of ofCommission-Sewers of the City of London. o™London.C"

LIII. Nothing in this Act, or in any Deed or Instrument entered into or made by the Commissioners Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall extend to charge the Person or Persons not^bc^ier^ of all or any of the Commissioners executing any such Deed or Instrument, or the Heirs, Anally liaul Executors, or Administrators of the same Commissioners, or any of them, or cither or any of their own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in the said Deed or Instrument contained, on the Part of the same Commissioners, or any of them, but the Amount of all Costs, Charges, Damages, or Expenses which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity against them, the Commissioners, or any of them, or against their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or by reason or means of such last-mentioned Deed or Instrument, or the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements therein contained, and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses which the Commissioners shall bear, pay, expend, be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them, for or by reason or means of any such Deed or Instrument, or any Covenant, Condition, or Agreement therein contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to b brought or prosecuted by or

against

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

against them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

LIY. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from uuiuuuBwum;™ the Sale of any Materials or otherwise shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General of^Work^&c! or the Deputy Paymaster General for the Time being, or other Officer acting for the Pav-to be paid oyer master General, whose Receipt unstamped shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same to the ter^nendT5" Ler80ns Payhig the 8ame > and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be b^ such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, if the Commissioners should so direct.

Monies payable to the

PranmiaaiAfi

Contracts made by First Commissioner of Works to be yalid.

Deeds to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer.

Short Title.

LY. All Contracts made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners hereby incorporated as aforesaid shall be valid, and shall be binding on the Commissioners, as if the same had been under their Corporate Seal.

LVI. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any of the Land by this Act authorized to be purchased shall be conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Books of the said Commissioners; and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument, when so enrolled, shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be good and available in Law, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LYII. It shall be sufficient for all Purposes to cite this Act as " The Probate and other Courts and Registries Site Act, 1859."

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act. Parish of Saint Benet, Paul's Wharf, in the City of London.

No. on Flan. No. in Street Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Great Knightrider S treet.

42 Small Office at Rear "The Warden and  Samuel Holmes.

of No. 3. Scholars of the The Trustees of

43 — Small Office at Rear House or College the Charity of Empty.

of No. 3. of Scholars of Edmund Arnold,

44 — Yard and Watercloset Merton, in the Esq., deceased, Henry Dinn, George

at Rear of No. 3. < University of > the Commission- Charles Ring, James

Oxford, Henry ers of Her Majes- Veitch Shaw, John

Price Holford, ty's Works and Judd Blake, Harriet

Harriet Sophia Public Buildings. Dunn, William Fre-

Hatchard.  derick Pott, Samuel

Holmes, Edward

Greenhill.

45 4 Public Office, Fore- - The Trustees of the The Registrars of the

court, and Yard.  Charity of Ed- Principal Registry of

mund Arnold, Es- Her Majesty's Court

quire, deceased, of Probate.

the Commission-

The Warden and ers of Her Majes-

Scholars of the ty's Works and

House or College Public Buildings.

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 16.

39

No. on Plan. No. in Street. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

46

47

48

Great Knightrider Street—continued.

Part of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate in the Rear of No. 4, and the Strong Room in the Rear of No. 3, Great Knightrider Street.

Dwelling House and Offices.

Public Office and Courtyard, and other Part of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate.

of Scholars of Merton, in the University of Oxford.

The President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Physicians in London.

The Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, in London.

The Trustees of the Charity of Edmund Arnold, Esquire, deceased, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, the Registrars of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate.

The College of Advocates and Doctors of Law,

The Trustees of the Charity of Edmund Arnold, Esquire, deceased, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, the Registrars of the Principal Registry ' of Her Majesty's Court of Probate.

49 1

50 2

51 3

52 4

53 5

54 6

55 7

56 8

57 9

58 10

Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House

Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling. House Offices. Dwelling House Offices. Dwelling House Offices.

and

and

and

and

and

and

and

and

and

and

The Dean and Chapter of the CathedralChurch of St. Paul, in London, William Calverley Cur-

Tho Registrars of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate.

Charles Hawkins, the Registrars of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, Thomas Cumberland Davidson.

The Registrars of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate.

Thomas Blake.

Frederick Thomas Pratt.

James Parker Deane.

William Calverley Cur-teis.

John Lee.

Thomas Spinks.

William Robinson.

The Right Honourable Stephen Lushington.

Samuel Jewkes Wam-bey.

Sir John Domey Harding, Herbert Jonner,

40

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 16

No. on Plan. No. in Street Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

I

The College of Advocates and Doctors of Law—continued.

59 lU 1 Dwelling IIouso and

111* j Offices.

60 12 Dwelling House and Offices.

61 13 Dwelling House

62 14 Dwelling Houso and Offices.

63 15 Dwelling House and Offices.

64 16 Dwelling House and Offices.

65 17 Dwelling House and Offices.

66 — Tho Hall and Library

67 — The Court

68T The Garden

69 — Store Sheds in Back Commons.

70 Tho Back Commons and Gateway to Church Court.

71 — The several Areas or open Courts, Pas-

sages, and Ways within the College of Advocates

72 — Public Streets and

Ways.

tcis, Frederick -Thomas Pratt, and others, Trustees for the Fellows and Members of the College of Advocates and Doctors of Law.

The Dean and Chapter of the CathedralChurch of St. Paul, in London, William Calverley Cur-teis, Frederick >■ Thomas Pratt, and others, Trustees for the Fellows and Members of the College of Advocates and Doctors of Law.

The Commissioners of Sewers, Lamps, and Pavements for the City of London.

- George Wcbbc Dasent,

Travers T wiss, Alfred Waddilovc.

- Augustus Frederick

Bay ford, Alfred Wad-dilove, and the Registrars of the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, and for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

- James Masked.

- Thomas Hutchinson

Tristram, the Right Honourable Sir John Dodson, William Francis Dodson.

- Robert Joseph Phiili-

more.

- John Elliot Pasley Ro-

bertson.

- Maurice Charles Mert-

tins Swabey, Jesse Adams.

- The Fellows and Mem-

bers of the College of Advocates and Doctors of Law.

- The Fellows and Mem-

bers of the College of Advocates and Doctors of Law, the High Court of Admiralty.

The Fellows and Members of the >• College of Advocates and Doctors of Law.

- The Commissioners of Sewers, Lamps, and Pavements for theCity of London, the New River Water Company, the Great Central Gas Consumers Company, the City of London Gaslight Company, the Public.

41

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 17,18.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent Vexatious Indictments for certain Misdemeanors.

[8th August 1859.]

IJE it enaoted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ^ Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled) and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. After the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, no Bill of Indictment for any of the Offences following; viz.

Perjury,

Subornation of Perjury,

Conspiracy,

Obtaining Money or other Property by false Pretences,

Keeping a Gambling House,

Keeping a disorderly House, and Any indecent Assault,

shall be presented to or found by any Grand Jury, unless the Prosecutor or other Person presenting such Indictment has been bound by Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence against the Person accused of such Offence, or unless the Person accused has been committed to or detained in Custody, or has been bound by Recognizance to appear to answer to.an Indictment to be preferred against him for such Offence, or unless such Indictment for such Offence, if charged to have been committed in England, be preferred by the Direction or with the Consent in Writing of a Judge of One of the Superior Courts of Law at West-minster, or of Her Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General for England, or unless such Indictment for such Offence, if charged to have been committed in Ireland, be preferred by the Direction or with the Consent in Writing of a Judge of One of the Superior Courts of Law in Dublin, or of Her Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General for Ireland, or (in the Case of an Indictment for Perjury) by the Direction of any Court, Judge, or public Functionary authorized by an Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred, to direct a Prosecution for Perjury.

No Indictment for Offences herein-named to be preferred without previous Authorization.

14 & 15 Vict, c. 100.

II. That where any Charge or Complaint shall be made before any One or more of Her In certain Majesty's Justices of the Peace that any Person has committed any of the Offences aforesaid within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, and such Justice shall refuse to commit or to bail desires to pre-the Person charged with such Offence to be tried for the same, then in case the Prosecutor &r indict-shall desire to prefer an Indictment respecting the said Offence, it shall be lawful for the j^toke^h?»CRe-said Justice and he is hereby required to take the Recognizance of such Prosecutor to cognizance to prosecute the said Charge or Complaint, and to transmit such Recognizance, Information, prosecute, and Depositions, if any, to the Court in which such Indictment ought to be preferred, in the same Manner as such Justice would have done in case he had committed the Person charged to be tried for such Offence.

III. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax; and to reduce the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Excise Duty on Malt. [13th August 1859*]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VlfE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United King-' " dom of Great Britain and Ireland,in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expenses, and making an Addition to 22 & 23 Vict. F the

v^oogie

Additional Rates of Income Tax granted on Assessments made on the Amount of annual Profits,

Additional Rates of Duty to be charged on half-yearly and quarterly Assessments.

Relief to Persons whose Incomes are under 150/. a Year.

Provisions of former Acts to be applied.

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c. 18.

the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In addition to the Rates and Duties granted and now chargeable under the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Y ears of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, there shall be charged, collected, and paid, for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains charged or chargeable under the said Act, either by Assessment, Contract of Composition, or otherwise, the following additional Rates and Duties; that is to say, upon any Assessment made on the annual Value or Amount of any Property, Profits, or Gains (except Property, Profits, and Gains chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act,) the additional Rate or Duty of Fourpence for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains respectively; and for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the 6aid Act, the additional Rate or Duty of Twopenoe in England, and of One Penny Halfpenny in Scotland and Ireland respectively, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof; and such additional Rates and Duties respectively shall be collected and paid with and over and above the First Moiety of the Duties assessed or charged under the said Act.

II. Provided always, That where any Dividends, Interest, or other Profits or Gains becoming due or payable half-yearly are assessed or charged half-yearly with the Rate or Duty under the said Act, there shall be charged upon the first Assessment or Charge which shall be hereafter made on such Dividends, Interest, Profits, and Gains the additional Rate or Duty of Eightpence for every Twenty Shillings of the half-yearly Amount thereof; and where any Profits or Gains becoming due or payable quarterly are assessed or charged quarterly with the Rate or Duty under the said Act, there shall be charged upon the first Two quarterly Assessments or Charges respectively which shall be hereafter made on such last-mentioned Profits and Gains the additional Rate or Duty of Eightpence for every Twenty Shillings of the quarterly Amount of such last-mentioned Profits and Gains; and the said additional Rates and Duties charged in such half-yearly and quarterly Assessments respectively shall be collected and paid with and over and above the Rates and Duties assessed or charged therein respectively under the said Act.

III. Provided always, That every Person who shall claim, and prove in the Maimer

?rescribed by the Acts now in force relating to the Income Tax, that his total annual ncome from every Source, although amounting to One hundred Pounds or upwards, is less than One hundred and fifty Pounds a Year, shall be entitled to be relieved from so much of the said additional Rates and Duties assessed upon or paid by him under this Act as shall exceed the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Twenty Shillings of his annual Profits or Gains, and such Relief shall be given in the Manner directed by the said Acts.

IV. The additional Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall be charged, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations and Provisions of the said Act of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned and of the several Acts therein referred to, and also of any Act or Acts subsequently passed explaining, amending, or continuing the said first-mentioned Act; and all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in or enacted by the said several Acts, and in force with respect to the Rates and Duties granted by the said first-mentioned Act, shall (so far as the same are or may be applicable consistently with the express Provisions of this Act) respectively be duly observed, applied, and put in execution, mutatis mutandis, for charging, levying, collecting, receiving, accounting for, and securing the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto.

V. The

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 18,19.

V* The additional Rates and Duties by this Act granted and imposed shall be deemed to be charged in respect of the Half Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and every Person liable to the Payment of Rent or any yearly Interest of Money, or any Annuity or other annual Payment, either as a Charge on any Property or as a personal Debt or Obligation, whether the same shall be received or payable half-yearly or at any shorter or more distant Period, shall be entitled, and is hereby authorized, on making such Payment in respect of so much thereof as has accrued or shall have accrued for or during any Period of the said Half Year, to deduct and retain thereout (over and above any other Deduction to which he may be entitled under any other Act) the additional Rate of Duty by this Act granted and imposed, that is to say, at the Rate of Eightpence for every Twenty Shillings of Buch Payment, and where he has made or shall have made any such Payment without making such Deduction as aforesaid he shall be entitled to recover and receive the Amount thereof from the Person to whom such Payment shall have been made.

YI. * And whereas by the Fifty-fourth Section of the said Act of the Sixteenth and ( Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-four, Provision is made for Deduc-* tion. Abatement, Allowance, or Repayment of Duty in favour of any Person who should ( have contracted for any deferred Annuity on his own Life or on the Life of his Wife in ‘ or with any such Insurance Office as in the said Act is mentioned: ' The Benefit and Advantage of such Provision shall be and is hereby extended and granted to any Person who has or shall have contracted for any such deferred Annuity as aforesaid with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

VII. And in respect of all Malt begun to be made on or after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Time limited for Payment of the Duty of Excise on Malt by every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall have given Security by Bond in the Manner directed by the Act passed in that Behalf shall be Twelve Weeks, in lieu of Eighteen Weeks after the making of such Account or Return, as in the said Act is mentioned; and no Person shall be entitled to any Credit for Payment of the Duty of Excise on Malt unless he shall give such Security as aforesaid, by Bond conditioned for Payment of the said Duty within the Period limited by this Act; and every such Bond shall be taken in such Sum as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or the Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, shall deem to be sufficient in that Behalf

VIII. And in consideration of the Reduction in manner aforesaid of the Period of Credit allowed by Law for Payment of the Duty of Excise on Malt, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall allow to every such Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall have given such Security as aforesaid a Rebate or Discount after the Rate of Four per Cent, per Annum for the Period of Six Weeks upon the Amount of Charge upon such Maltster or Maker of Malt in respect of all Malt made by him on or after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and before the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, provided he shall duly pay the Amount of such Charge within the Time appointed by the Law and Usage of Excise in that Behalf.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Elizabeth, Chapter Twenty-nine, concerning the several Incorporations of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Confirmation of the Charters, Liberties, and Privileges granted to either of them. [13th August 1859.]

4 XXF HERE AS in and by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her Majesty Queen i * ' Elizabeth, intituled An Act concerning the several Incorporations of the Universities of ( Oxford and Cambridge, and the Confirmation of the Charters, Liberties, and Privileges

F 2 * granted

43

Deduction to be made en Payment of Interest, &c.

Provision for Allowance of Duty to Persons in respect of deferred Annuities extended to those contracted for with National Debt Commissioners.

Reduction of the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of Excise Duty on Malt.

Discount to be allowed to Maltsters in consideration of the Reduction of Credit

u

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 19.

4 granted to either of them, it is amongst other things enacted, that the Letters Patent of the * Queen's Highnees's Father, King Henry the Eighth, made and granted to the Chancellor 4 and Scholars of the said University of Oxford, bearing Date the First Day of April in the 4 Fourteenth Year of His Eeign, and the Letters Patents of the Queen's Majesty that then 4 was made and granted unto the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of 4 Cambridge, bearing Date the Sixth-and-twentieth Day of April in the Third Year of Her 4 Highness's most Gracious Eeign, and also all other Letters Patents by any of the Progenitors or Predecessors of our said Sovereign Lady made to either of the said corporated Bodies, 4 severally, or to any of their Predecessors of either of the 6aid Universities, by whatsoever 4 Name or Names the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of either of the said Universities, in any of the said Letters Patents had been theretofore named, should from thenceforth be good, effectual, and available in the Law to all Intents, Constructions, and 4 Purposes to the aforesaid then Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of either of the said 4 Universities, and to their Successors for evermore, after and according to the Form, Words,

4 Sentences, and true Meaning of every of the same Letters Patents, as amply, fully, and 4 largely as if the same Letters Patents had been recited verbatim in that present Act of 4 Parliament, anything to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and it was further 4 enacted, that all manner of Instruments, Indentures, Obligations, Writings Obligatory,

4 and Becognizances made or acknowledged by any Person or Persons or Body Corporate 4 to either of the said corporated Bodies of either of the said Universities, by what Name or 4 Names soever the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of either of the said Universities 4 had been theretofore called in any of the said Instruments, Indentures, Obligations,

4 Writings Obligatory, or‘Becognizances, should be from thenceforth available, stand and 4 continue of good, perfect, and full Force and Strength to the then Chancellor, Masters,

4 and Scholars of either of the said Universities, and to their Successors, to all Intents,

4 Constructions, and Purposes, although they or their Predecessors, or any of them, in any 4 of the said Instruments, Indentures, Obligations, Writings Obligatory, or Becognizances 4 were named by any Name contrary or diverse to the Name of the then Chancellor,

4 Masters, and Scholars of either of the said Universities; and it was also enacted, that as 4 well the said Letters Patents of the Queen's Highness's said Father, King Henry the 4 Eighth, bearing Date as was before expressed, made and granted to the said corporated Body 4 of the said University of Oxford, as the Letters Patents of the Queen's Majesty aforesaid 4 granted to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, bearing 4 Date as aforesaid, and all other Letters Patents by any of the Progenitors or Predecessors 4 of Her Highness, and all manner of Liberties, Franchises, Immunities, Quietances, and 4 Privileges, Leets, Law Days, and other Things whatsoever therein expressed, given, or 4 granted to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of either of the said Universities, or 4 to any of their Predecessors of either of the said Universities, by whatsoever Name the 4 Baid Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of either of the said Universities in any of the said 4 Letters Patents be named, were and by virtue of that present Act should be from thenceforth ratified, stablished, and confirmed unto the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of 4 either of the said Universities, and to their Successors for ever, any Statute, Law, Usage,

4 Custom, Construction, or other Thing to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, and it was enacted, that the said Act or anything therein contained should 4 not extend to the Prejudice or Hurt of the Liberties and Privileges of Bight belonging to 4 the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Cambridge and City of Oxford, but 4 that they the said Mayors, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and every of them, and their Successors,

4 should be and continue free, in such Sort and Degree, and enjoy such Liberties, Freedoms,

4 and Immunities, as they or any of them lawfully might have done before the making of 4 that present Act, anything contained in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding:

4 And whereas by Letters Patent, dated the Twenty-ninth Day of May in the Thirtysecond Year of the Eeign of His late Majesty King Henry the Third, the said King did 4 grant to the Scholars of the University of Oxford, amongst other things, that so often and 4 whensoever the Mayor and Bailiffs of Oxford should take the Oath of their Fealty in their 4 common Place, the Commonalty of the same Town should inform the Chancellor, in order 4 that, if he wished, by himself or by some chosen Persons, he might be present at the taking 4 of the aforesaid Oath, which Oath indeed as to the aforesaid Scholars should be of this

4 Sort,

46

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 10, 20.

* Sort, that is to say, that the Mayor and Bailiffs themselves should keep the Liberties and ‘ Customs of the aforesaid University, otherwise their Oath should be of no Avail, but € should be taken again according to the prescribed Form; but if the Chancellor should

* not wish to be present, either by himself or by a Proctor, the Oath should nevertheless be c taken: And whereas Provisions in relation to the Observance of the same Oath, or an f altered Oath in lieu thereof, have been made by subsequent Letters Patent granted by f Kings and Queens of this Realm to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the Univer-

* sity of Oxford, and also by Orders of the Privy Council made in the Reigns of Queen ‘ Elizabeth, King James the First, and King Charles the Second: And whereas by the c Statutes of the University of Oxford, which the Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor of the

* University have taken their respective Oaths to observe and perform, it is enjoined on € each of them that they do exact the said annual Oath of the Mayor and Burgesses of

* Oxford: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Oxford desire to f be relieved from the Obligation of taking any such Oath, and the Chancellor, Masters,

* and Scholars of the University of Oxford are willing that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

* Citizens should be so relieved, but they are advised that such Relief can only be granted ‘ by the Authority of ParliamentBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. So much of the herein-before recited Act of Parliament, and of all Charters, Letters Repeal of Patent, Orders in Council, Obligations, Deeds, or Instruments,, as imposes upon the said OMi*01**8 Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, or any of them, or any Municipal Officer ot the City of

Oxford, the Obligation of taking any Oath for the Conservation of the Liberties and Privileges of the University of Oxford, or any such Oath as is herein-before referred to, shall be and the same is hereby repealed and annulled and made void.

II. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Oxford shall not hereafter, nor shall any of Prohibition them, nor shall any Municipal Officer of the City of Oxford, be required to take any Oath g^i*°yufequ1' or to make any Declaration for the Conservation of the Liberties and Privileges of (he Mayor,°&c. University of Oxford: Provided always, that, notwithstanding anything herein contained, to take Oath, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Oxford, and all Officers of the same City, shall

observe and keep all manner of lawful Liberties and Customs w hich the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University have reasonably used, without any Gainsaying; saving, nevertheless, the Fidelity of the said Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Officers to the Queen's Majesty, and saving also the Liberties and Privileges of Right belonging to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, and to the Officers of the said City.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks. [13th August 1859-]

YI^HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of 5&6Victc.7i. " Her Majesty, u to establish Military Savings Banks," and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, to amend the first-men- 8&9Victc.27. tioned Act, and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth 12 & 13 Vict Years of Her Majesty, " to dissolve Regimental Benefit Societies, and to provide for the c- 71 •

" Application of the Funds of such Societies and of Regimental Charitable Funds And whereas it is expedient to amend and consolidate the said Acts, and to confirm or render valid all Acts that may have been done under the Authority of the Secretary-at-War, or Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, in relation to the Military or Regimental Savings Banks already established, and the Deposits therein, and

* the

46

Recited Acts repealed. Acts done confirmed.

Military Savings Bulks may be established.

Regulations for Savings Banks, how to be made.

What to be provided for by the Regulations.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 20.

• the Payments of Principal and Interest in respect of such Deposits :\ Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Acts shall be repealed, save as herein otherwise provided: Provided always, that such Repeal shall not affect any Deposit made or other Act done under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them before such Repeal takes effect; and all Acts done under the Authority of any Rules made in manner provided by Section Three of the firstly hereinbefore mentioned Act, or under the Authority of the Secretary-at-War, before such Repeal takes effect, in relation to the Deposits made in Military or Regimental Savings Banks theretofore established, and all Payments of Principal and Interest made in respect of such Deposits, Bhall be and be deemed to have been legal and valid.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in manner herein-after mentioned, to establish or continue Military or Regimental Savings Banks, for the Purpose of receiving Sums of Money from such of the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers employed in Her Majesty's Service, either in the United Kingdom or upon Foreign Stations, (India alone excepted,) as may be desirous of depositing the same, and for receiving Deposits of any Moneys or Funds whatsoever raised or paid for Objects or Purposes connected with Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers which Her Majesty may from Time to Time think fit to authorize to be deposited in the said Savings Banks.

III. Regulations for the Savings Banks so to be established or continued shall from Time to Time be made by the Secretary-at-War, with the Concurrence of the General commanding in chief and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and such Regulations, when sanctioned by Her Majesty, shall be signed by the Secretary-at-War, and laid before both Houses of Parliament; and a Copy of such Regulations shall be deposited in the Orderly Room of every Regiment to which they apply; and such Regulations shall be binding upon all Officers concerned, and upon the several Depositors in the said Savings Banks and upon their Representatives.

IV. Such Regulations shall or may (as the Case may require) make Provision in relation to the following Matters; (that is to say,)

Shall regulate and determine the Rate of Interest to be paid to Depositors, not exceeding the yearly Rate of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, and what (if any) fractional Parts of a Pound or Sums less than a Pound shall bear Interest, and what Length of Time Deposits must remain in order to bear Interest, and at what Times Interest shall be added to Principal so as to become Principal, in like Manner as if the same had been paid to the Depositor and been again deposited, and what Deposits may be received upon which Interest shall not be payable;

May determine in what Cases or under what Circumstances Deposits and the Interest (if any) thereon shall be forfeited to the Public;

May make Provision for and concerning the Retention or Deposit in the Military or Regimental Savings Banks of the Effects of deceased Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or the Money arising therefrom, at Interest or without Interest, and for the Payment or Application thereof and of the Interest thereon to or for the Benefit of the Orphans of such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers or other Persons entitled to the same;

May make Provision for and concerning the Deposit of Funds created for Charitable Regimental Purposes by Subscriptions of Officers, unexpended Balances of Canteen Funds, or otherwise, and of any Funds or Moneys created, raised, or paid in any Manner whatsoever for Objects or Purposes connected with Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, and concerning the Manner in which such Funds or Moneys, and the Interest thereon, shall be paid, applied, or distributed;

May make it obligatory on Commanding Officers of Regiments and others to deposit such Funds or Moneys in the said Savings Banks, and to acconnt to the Secretary-at-War or otherwise for the same, and the due Application thereof;

May

c.ooo[e

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 20. 47

May make Provision for the Withdrawal from the said Savings Banks for the Purpose of Transfer to India of any Money whatsoever deposited in the said Savings Banks, and the Accumulations of Interest thereon, upon the Occasion of Regiments proceeding to India;

And shall provide for the keeping of proper Accounts, and generally for all such Matters in relation to the said Savings Banks and Deposits therein as may be thought proper;

And such Regulations shall be made as well with reference to Deposits already made in the Savings Banks established under the firstly herein-before mentioned Act and Charitable Regimental Funds already paid into the Bank of England under the thirdly herein-before mentioned Act as to Deposits to be made under this Act:

Provided always, that Deposits by any individual Depositor in any One Year, (ending on such Day as may be in the Regulations mentioned,) exceeding Thirty Pounds in the whole (exclusive of Interest added), shall not bear Interest*until after the End of such Year, except only in the Case of Deposits of Gratuities awarded for good Conduct or otherwise, and that while the Sums standing in the Name of any individual Depositor (inclusive of Interest, if any,) amount to or exceed Two hundred Pounds no Interest shall accrue on any Sum in Excess of that Amount standing in his Name; but this Proviso shall not apply to or in the Case of Money retained or deposited in a Military or Regimental Savings Bank after the Death of a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, for the Benefit of his Orphans or other Persons entitled to his Effects, or to or in the Case of Funds or Moneys created, raised, or paid for Charitable Regimental Purposes, or for such Objects or Purposes as herein-before mentioned.

Y. The Receipt of any Infant for any Money deposited in any such Savings Bank, or for Receipts of any Interest thereon, shall be a sufficient Discharge, notwithstanding his Incapacity or Dis-ability in Law to act for himself; and any Payment in respect of any Deposit or Interest Women, thereon which may be made to any Married Woman, under any Regulations made under this Act, shall be deemed a valid Payment, and her Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge.

YI. The Moneys deposited in Military or Regimental Savings Banks shall be applied Iteposits to under the said Regulations by the Officers or Persons authorized to receive the same to the j^bUc^pen-Payment of such ordinary Army Services as it may be their Duty to defray, and all Sums diture, and from Time to Time payable to Depositors or otherwise under the said Regulations for Prin- Payments cipal and Interest in respect of Moneys so deposited under the said Acts or any of them, or this Act, or paid into the Bank of England under the thirdly herein-before mentioned Acts, ordinary Ser-shall be paid out of the Grants by Parliament for ordinary Army Services. vices-

VII. It shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to authorize, by his Secretary-at-Warrant, Payment out of the Moneys granted for Army Services, and placed to the Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England, of the Amount of the Money received ^ be paidufy* and applied for the Public Service under this Act, together with the Interest allowed thereon, the Account to the separate Account raised under the secondly herein-before mentioned Act in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor thefeduction and Company of the Bank of England, and denominated " The Fund for the Military of the Na-Savings Banks," and to authorize in like Manner Payment as aforesaid to such last-men-tioned Account of the Amount of the Money so received, and applied under the Acts hereby ^ Account repealed or any of them, with Interest, as aforesaid, so far as such Payment may not have of the Military been already authorized under such Acts or any of them; and in ascertaining the Amount Sayings Banks, of which Payment is to be so authorized Deduction or Allowance shall be made in respect of Payments previously made to Depositors or otherwise in respect of Deposits; and the Cashier of the Bank of England is hereby required to pay or transfer the Amount mentioned in every such Warrant from the Account of the Paymaster General to such separate Account accordingly: Provided always, that previous to any Payment or Transfer being made as aforesaid to such separate Account, the Person applying for that Purpose shall in all Cases produce to the Officer of the last-mentioned Commissioners, at their Office in London, a Warrant from the Secretary-at-War, stating that the Money mentioned therein is Part of the Funds of the Military Savings Banks.

Vm. The

48

Investment of such Moneys.

Secretary-at-War may direct Monejs invested in Annuities to he transferred to Account of Paymaster General. Commissioners lor Reduction of National Debt empowered to sell.

Provisions ns to Money arising from a dis*dved Ikne-fit Society.

Officers of Savings Banks not personally liable, except for their own Acts.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

22° & 23° VICTOR l ift, c.20.

VIII. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall cause all the Moneys placed to their Account, in pursuance of this Act, or which may have been placed to their Account under the Acts hereby repealed or any of them, and may not have been invested before the Repeal of such Acts takes effect, to be invested from Time to Time, under.such Regulations as such Commissioners may direct, in the Purchase of any Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to the Account raised in their Names under the secondly herein-before mentioned Act; and the Interest or Dividends to arise from Time to Time and become due on any Bank Annuities purchased under this Act or the Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall in like Manner be invested in the Purchase of Bank Annuities; and such Interest or Dividends shall not be subject or liable to any Taxes, Charges, or Impositions whatever.

IX. It shall and may be lawful for the Secretary-at-War, by his Warrant, to require that, within Fourteen Days from the Day on which the same is lodged at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the whole or any Part of the Bank Annuities standing in the Books of the Bank of England in the Names of such Commissioners and to the Account aforesaid shall be sold, and the Produce thereof paid to the Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England.

X. It shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, on the Requisition aforesaid of the Secretary-at-War, to sell from Time to Time any Part of the said Bank Annuities which may be standing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England in pursuance of the Acts hereby repealed or any of them, or this Act, and the Certificate of the Cashier of the Bank of England of the Money having been placed to the Account of the Paymaster General shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Commissioners.

XI. ‘ And whereas by the said Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty,

* Provision was made for an equitable Distribution of the Funds of certain Regimental

* Benefit Societies thereby determined, and for placing the Sum to which each existing

* Subscriber might be declared entitled in the Savings Bank, established under the firstly 1 herein-before mentioned Act in the Regiment to which he belonged, to accumulate for ‘ him until his Discharge; and it was by the Act now in recital enacted, that upon its being ‘ proved to the Satisfaction of the Secretary-at-War, upon the Recommendation of the ‘ Commanding Officer of the Regiment, that it would be of advantage to a Soldier to w ithdraw his Portion of the said Fund, including any Accumulations thereon, from the ‘ Regimental Savings Bank before his Discharge, it should be lawful for the Secretary-atWar to sanction such Withdrawal, and such Portion might be withdrawn accordingly

The Repeal of the said Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty shall not affect the said Provisions concerning the Sums so placed as aforesaid in any Savings Bank.

XII. No Person having any Control in the Management of any Savings Bank established or continued under this Act shall be personally liable, except for his own Acts, nor shall any such Person be personally liable for anything done by him in virtue of his Office in the Execution of this Act, except in Cases where he is guilty of wilful Neglect or Default

XIII. An Account of the Amount of all Sums deposited under the Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, or this Act, within the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March preceding, and of the Amount of all Sums withdrawn during the same Period, and of the Interest allowed upon such Deposits, and also of the Number of Accounts open on the said Thirty-first Day of March9 with such other Particulars as Her Majesty may be pleased from Time to Time to order, shall be annually prepared by the Secretary-at-War, and rendered to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament before the First Day of April in every Year, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and the gross Amount of all Moneys received and paid by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Authority of the said Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, or this Act, prepared up to the Fifth Day of January in every

Year,

49

22° & 23* VICTORIA, c. 20, 21.

Year, shall also be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the said First Day of April, or within such Period as aforesaid.

XIY. The Savings Banks established under the firstly herein-before recited Act, and to Military Sav-be established or continued under this Act, shall not, nor shall any Moneys which have been Jo^^jihi8nn<>t placed to the Account or have come to the Hands of the Commissioners for the Reduction the Provisions of the National Debt, under the Acts hereby repealed or any of them, or which may be of9G. 4. c. 92. placed to the Account or come to the Hands of such Commissioners under this Act, be or other Act8' taken to be within the Provisions of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, or of any other Act heretofore passed relating to Savings Banks.

XV. In the Construction of this Act " India" shall have the same Meaning as under As to the Section One of the Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years Word "Ind,a* of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six.

XVI. This Act shall, as regards the making of Regulations for Savings Banks there- Commence-under, take effect immediately after the passing hereof, and in all other respects shall take ment of Act., • effect from the Time at which the Regulations first made shall be therein appointed to come

into operation.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to amend the Practice and Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer.

[13th August 1859-]

< Vl^HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of r Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-six, " for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue 5 & 6 Vict.

c cc Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the Office of Her c- 86*

" Majesty's Remembrancer in that CourtAnd whereas the Office of the said Remem-i brancer may be conveniently held and the Duties thereof performed by One of the ‘ Masters of the said Court, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have, upon e the Retirement of Henry William Vincent Esquire, appointed William Henry Walton c Esquire, One of the said Masters, to the said Office of Remembrancer: And whereas it is f expedient further to regulate the said Office, and to make other Provision in relation * thereto, and to the Procedure on the Revenue Side of the said Court:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Appointment of the said William Henry Walton shall be confirmed, and he Appointment may continue to hold the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer during good Behaviour, ^^rancer16 together with the Office of Master; and upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Remembrancer it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to appoint from Time to Time One of the Masters of the Court of Exchequer to be such Remembrancer, and such Master shall hold such Office together with the Office of Master: Provided, that in the Absence of the Remembrancer from Illness or other Cause the Senior Master for the Time being in attendance may perform the Duties of the Office of Remembrancer.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Consent The Treasury of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, as soon as conveniently may be after ^(r^s1^ent the passing of this Act, to reduce or regulate the Establishment under Her .Majesty's an/tofo11611 Remembrancer, and to fix or alter the Salaries of the Remembrancer and the Clerks and Salaries, other Persons employed in such Establishment, and from Time to Time, and with the like 22 & 23 Vict. G Consent,

P<r*er to the Treasury to award Compensation.

Salaries and Expenses of Office to be paid out of the Fees.

Provisions of 5 & 6 Vict c. 86. as to Fees to continue in force. Enrolment of Accounts under 1&2G.4. c. 121. to be in the Discretion of the Commissioners of Audit

So much of 7 Ann. c. 20. as makes the Remembrancer One of the Registers, &c. repealed.

Compensation Monies for Land under 5 & 6 Vict c. 94. and 16 & 17 Vict, c. 107. to be paid into the Court of Chancery in stead of to the Queen's Remembrancer.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21.

Consent, further to regulate or alter such Establishment and Salaries as Occasion may

require.

III. Any Officer or other Person who may suffer Loss through the Reduction or Regulation of such Establishment may make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the 3aid Commissioners, if such Claim be established to their Satisfaction, shall award to the Claimant such Compensation as under the Circumstances of the Case they think him entitled to, either by a gross Sum or by way of Annuity.

IV. The Salaries and Compensation Allowances payable under this Act, together with the necessary Expenses of the Office of the Remembrancer, shall be paid out of the Pees received in the said Office; and the Surplus of such Fees, after the Payment of such Salaries, Allowances, and Expenses, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; and in the event of the Fees so received being at any Time insufficient to defray the said Salaries, Allowances, and Expenses, the Amount of such Deficiency shall be paid out of the Superior Courts Fee Fund, and, in case of a Deficiency in such Fund, out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

V. The Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty concerning the fixing and altering of Fees from Time to Time, and Accounts of Fees and otherwise, shall continue in force, subject to the Provisions of this Act.

VI. No Account shall be transmitted to the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer or be there enrolled as of Record, pursuant to Section Seven of the Act of the Session holden in the First and Second Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty-one, except where the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in the Exercise of their Discretion, deem it expedient for the Public Service that such Account should be so enrolled for enabling the Recovery of any Balance or Interest due or to become due thereon.

VII. So much of the Act of the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, Chapter Twenty, as makes the Queen's Remembrancer or his Deputy in the Court of Exchequer One of the Registers or Masters of the Office for the Matters and Things in that Act contained, shall be repealed, and the Registers or Masters of such Office shall account for and pay over to the said Remembrancer such Portion of the Monies received under that Act, after Payment thereout of such Sum or Sums as may be payable in respect of the Allowance or Allowances to their Deputy or Deputies, as would have been payable to Her Majesty's Remembrancer if he had continued to be One of the said Registers or Masters, and the Monies so received by such Remembrancer shall be applied and accounted for in all respects as other Fees received in respect of his Office.

VIII. Any Money which under the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, " to consolidate and amend the Laws relating " to the Services of the Ordnance Department, and the vesting and Purchase of Lands and " Hereditaments for those Services, and for the Defence and Security of the Realm," is required or authorized to be paid into the Hands or in the Name of the Remembrancer or other proper Officer of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or which under the Act of the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," is required or authorized to be paid to the proper Officer of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, shall in lieu of being paid as aforesaid be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there in the Matter of the particular Act to the Credit of the Persons claiming to be interested therein (naming them), pursuant to the Method prescribed by any Act in force at the Time being for regulating the Payment of Monies into the said Court; and upon the filing in the Court of Chancery of the Certificate of such Accountant General, with the Receipt annexed, of the Payment into his Name as aforesaid, of any such Money, the Hereditaments in respect whereof the same is paid shall become vested in the like Persons and in the like Manner and for the like Purposes as if such Money had been paid

in

51

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21.

in manner provided by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth and Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty respectively, and this Act had not been passed; and the Court of Chancery shall have the like Powers in relation to such Money as by the said Acts are given to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and the Provisions of the said Acts in relation to such Money shall be read and construed as referring to the Court of Chancery and the said Accountant General in the Place of the Court of Exchequer and the said Remembrancer.

IX. Section 222 of the " Common Law Procedure Act, 1852," for the Amendment of Defects and Errors in any Proceeding in Civil Causes, and concerning the Costs and Terms ^576 extended of such Amendment, shall extend to all Suits and Proceedings on the Revenue Side of the to Suits, &c. Court of Exchequer. ia Exchequer.

X. In any Suit or Proceeding on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, the Special Case Parties may, at any Time before Judgment, by Consent and Order of a Judge, state any "y Consent of Question or Questions of Law in a Special Case for the Opinion of the Court, without Parties and Pleadings, and upon Judgment thereon Error may be brought as on a Judgment on a Order of a Special verdict, unless the Parties agree to the contrary, and the Proceedings for bringing udge'

a Special Case before the Court of Error shall, as nearly as may be, be the same as in the Case of a Special Verdict, and the Court of Error shall either affirm the Judgment or give the same Judgment as ought to have been given in the Court in which it was originally decided, the said Court of Error being required to draw any Inferences of Fact from the Facts stated in such Special Case, which the Court below ought to have drawn.

XI. In case no Agreement shall be entered into as to the Costs of such Special Case and Proceedings, the Costs shall follow the Event, and be recovered by the successful Party.

XII. In Cases of Appeal from the Assessment of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to the Court of Exchequer, made under the Provisions of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, the Party decided against may appeal from the Decision of the Court upon a Case to be stated by the Parties, or, if they differ, to be settled by the Court, or a Judge thereof, or any Officer to whom the Court may think proper to refer the same; and the Court of Appeal shall give such Judgment as ought to have been given by the Court of Exchequer, and shall have Power to adjudge the Payment of Costs.

Costs to follow Event unless otherwise agreed.

Appeal from Assessments of Succession Duty may be carried to a Superior Court.

XIII. Such Appeal as aforesaid shall be made to the Court of Error in the Exchequer Courts of Chamber, and the Decision of the said Court of Error shall be subject to appeal to the Appeal# House of Lords.

XIV. No such Appeal shall be allowed under this Act unless Notice thereof be given Notice of in Writing to the opposite Party or Attorney, and to the proper Officer of the Court, 4ppeal 101)6 within Four Days after the Decision complained of, or such further Time as may be allowed ®lveiL

by the Court or Judge.

XV. In any Proceeding in the Court of Exchequer by Writ of Summons under the Sue- 111 summary cession Duty Act, 1853, or by Rule under any of the Legacy Duty Acts, the Court may ^x^cyor refer the Matter to the proper Officer to report thereon, and may, if they deem it expedient, Succession order the Facts contained in such Report to be stated in the Form of a Special Case for Duty Parti®® the Opinion of the Court, and may give such Directions as to the Mode of settling the Case, may appe * and the Matters to be contained therein, and for the Production of such Documents, and

may direct any Issue or Issues of Fact to be tried by a Jury, as they may think proper, and the Court may proceed to give Judgment on such Case, and for any Amount of Duty the Court are of opinion may be due to the Crown, and for Costs, in like Manner as on a Verdict on Information, and on such Judgment Error may be brought and Judgment given as on a Special Case stated by Consent.

XVI. All the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Powers of

First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Courts of 22*

Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories, and of the Act of the

Examination

G 2 Thirteenth

52

of Witnesses, and of Sections 46, 47, 48, and 49 of 15 & 16 Vict c. 76. extended to Revenue Proceedings.

Persons giving false Evidence guilty of Perjury.

Revenue Causes may be tried without a Commission.

Error to be brought within Six Years.

Proviso as to Disabilities.

Writ of Error abolished.

Bill of Exceptions.

Costs.

Defect in Form not to invalidate Pleadings.

Process on Estreats may issue without reference to any Seal Day.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21.

Thirteenth Year of King George the Third, recited therein, as to the Examination of Witnesses within and out of the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and as to the Attendance of Witnesses, Production of Documents, Costs thereof, and other Matters relating to such Examinations, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions contained in the Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh, Forty-eighth, and Forty-ninth Sections of the " Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," are hereby extended to all Suits and Proceedings on the Revenue Side of the said Court of Exchequer; and if upon any Examination under this Enactment any Person wilfully and corruptly give any false Evidence, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Perjury, and shall and may be indicted and prosecuted for such Offence in the County where such Evidence is given, or in the County of Middlesex if the Evidence be given out of England.

XVII. From and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for all Justices of Assize, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, on their respective Circuits, to try Suits and Proceedings pending on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, and to

Sroceed thereon in like Manner as they can or may do in respect of Causes pending on the lea Side of the said Court, and it shall not be necessary hereafter to issue any Commission from the Revenue Side of the said Court for that Purpose.

XVIII. No Judgment in any Cause on the Revenue Side of the Exchequer shall be reversed or avoided for any Error or Defect therein unless Error be commenced or brought and prosecuted with Effect within Six Years after such Judgment signed or entered of Record: Provided that if the Party entitled to bring Error be at the Time of such Title accrued within the Age of Twenty-one Years, Feme Covert, Non compos mentis, or beyond the Seas, the Court or a Judge may allow Error to be brought at any other Time.

XIX. A Writ of Error shall not be necessary or used in any Suit or Proceeding in Error on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer,' and the Proceeding to Error shall be a Step in the Cause, and shall be taken in manner and subject as to such Terms and Conditions as to giving Bail or Security as may be directed by any Rule or Order made by the Barons under this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament authorizing the same; provided that nothing herein contained shall invalidate any Proceedings already taken or to be taken by reason of any Writ of Error issued before the Commencement of this Act, or before such Rules and Orders come into effect.

XX. Either Party may tender a Bill of Exceptions on the Trial of any Issues arising on the Revenue Side of the Court, and the like Proceedings may be had and taken thereon as in such Cases between Subject and Subject.

XXI. The Costs of all Suits, Informations, and other Proceedings, and of any interlocutory Matter or Proceeding on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, whether in Law or Equity, may be adjudged, decreed, or ordered by the Court or a Judge between the Crown and the Subject on the same Principles as such Costs are now allowed between Subject and Subject, so far as such Principles may be applicable, subject to such Rules and Orders as to the Allowance of such Costs as may be made by the Barons under this or any other Act of Parliament authorizing the same; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty*8 Treasury, and they are hereby required to pay Costs directed to be paid by the Crown out of any Monies which may hereafter be voted by Parliament for that Purpose.

XXII. No Pleading on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer shall be deemed insufficient for any Imperfection, Omission, Defect in or Lack of Form, or formal Commencement or Conclusion, or for the Want or Omission of an Averment of any Matters unnecessary to be proved.

XXIII. Unless stayed by Order of the Court of Exchequer, or a Baron thereof, or by Warrant of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, Process for duly levying and enforcing Payment of all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and forfeited Recognizances, estreated into the Court of Exchequer and not lawfully vacated and discharged, may

be

53

22° & 23° VICTORIES, c.21.

be issued by Her Majesty's Remembrancer at any Time or Times without reference to any Seal Day, and so from Time to Time until the same shall be fully paid or levied, vacated or discharged.

XXIV. For the Recovery of any Debt which by Record in Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England has become or shall become due to Her Majesty, in any Case where the Person of the Debtor, or the Estate or Effects of such Debtor, may be within the Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland, a Copy of the Record of such Debt may be exemplified and transmitted, under the Great Seal of the said Court of Exchequer in England, to such other of Her Majesty's said Courts of Exchequer having Jurisdiction in the Place where the Person liable to Payment of such Debt happens to reside, or where his Estate or Effects may be, and the Court to which such exemplified Copy is transmitted shall cause such Copy to be forthwith enrolled in the Rolls of the said Court; and upon the same being so enrolled, the said Court shall cause Execution or other Process to issue for recovering or levying the said Debt so due to Her Majesty, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court, in like Maimer in all respects as if such Record had been originally entered or filed in such Court, or the said Debt had originally accrued within the Jurisdiction thereof; and the Proceeds of such Debt, when so recovered, shall be accounted for and paid over in the same Manner as if the same had been recovered within the Jurisdiction of the Court in which such Debt originally accrued.

XXV. When a Right of Re-entry upon Lands or other Hereditaments shall have accrued to Her Majesty or Her Successors, such Right may be exercised or enforced without any Inquisition being taken or Office being found, or any actual Re-entry being made on the Premises.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and Two or more Barons of the Court of Excheqner from Time to Time to make all such Rules and Orders as to the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading on the Revenue Side of the Court, and as to the Allowance of Costs, and for the effectual Execution of this Act, and the Intention and Objects thereof, as may seem to them necessary and proper; and also from Time to Time by any such Rule or Order to extend, apply, or adapt any of the Provisions of the <c Common Law Procedure Act, 1852," and the " Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," and any of the Rules of Pleading and Practice on the Plea Side of the said Court to the Revenue Side of the said Court, as may seem to them expedient for making the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading on the Revenue Side of the said Court as nearly as may be uniform with the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading on the Plea Side of such Court.

XXVII. Such new or altered Writs and Forms of Proceedings and Scales of Costs for the Revenue Side of the said Court may be issued, altered, taken, and acted on as the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons shall from Time to Time think fit to order, and all such Writs and Proceedings shall be acted on and enforced in such and the same Manner as the Writs and Proceedings on the Revenue Side of the said Court are now acted on and enforced, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit; and any existing Form of Writ or Proceeding the Form of which shall be in any Manner altered in pursuance of this Act shall nevertheless be of the same force and virtue as if no Alteration had been made therein, except so far as the Effect thereof may be varied under the Powers of this Act.

XXVIII. Section Eight of the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-nine, and so much of any other Act as provides for the Examination and Audit of the Accounts of any Sheriff or Under Sheriff by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall be repealed, so far as respects the Accounts of any Sheriff who may leave Office after the passing of this Act, and the Accounts of the Under Sheriff of any such Sheriff; and all Accounts of such Sheriffs and their Under Sheriffs now required to be examined and audited by the said Commissioners shall be examined and audited by such Persons and in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct, and the

Commissioners

Provision for the Recovery of a Debt of Record due to Her Majesty, where the Party liable resides in another Jurisdiction.

The Crown may re-enter on Lands to enforce Right without Inquisition taken.

Rules may be made by the Barons as to the Process, Practice, and Pleading in Revenue.

New Forms of Writs and Proceedings may be made.

Sect. 8 of 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 99., &c. requiring Sheriff's Accounts to be audited by Commissioners of Audit, repealed.

54 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21.

Commissioners of the Treasury may, by any such Warrant, make all such Provisions in relation to the Transmission, Examination, and Audit of such Accounts, and for ascertaining and determining the Balances due from and the Discharge of the Persons accounting as to the said Commissioners may seem proper; and every such Warrant shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the making thereof if Parliament be sitting, and if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament

Transmission of Sheriff's Accounts.

XXIX, Subject to such other Provisions in this Behalf as may be made by any such Warrant as aforesaid, all Sheriffs and Under Sheriffs now required to transmit Accounts to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in manner provided by Section Nine of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, shall, in lieu of transmitting the same to such Commissioners, transmit the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: And so much of Section Thirty-one of the said Act as requires a Copy of the Accounts therein mentioned to be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts is hereby repealed.

Fonn subrti- XXX. The Form of Writ in the Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the Form 3*G?4?c. 46.m *n Schedule (A.) to the Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-CoDstiuction an(J Section One of the Act of the Fourth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter

of Sect. l. of Thirty-seven, amending the said Act of the Third Year of the same Beign, shall be conG. 4. o. 37. etrued as* if the Words " Lands or Tenements " were omitted therein.

Section 14. of 3 G. 4. c. 46. repealed.

Clerks of Assize now required to estreat Fines, &c. into the Exchequer, to send Process to the Sheriff.

Oath of Clerk of Assize sending Process.

XXXI. Section Fourteen of the said Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth shall be and is hereby repealed.

XXXII. The Clerks of Assize, and the Clerk of the Crown for the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge, by whom respectively any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances set, lost, imposed, or forfeited would, if this Act had not been passed, have been certified or estreated in or into the Exchequer, shall not so certify or estreat the same or transmit any Account thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, but every such Clerk of Assize and such Clerk of the Crown respectively shall in the like Cases and at the like Times in and at which he would, if this Act had not been passed, have certified or estreated such Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances as aforesaid, copy on a Roll such Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances, together with the Names and Residences, Trades, Professions, or Callings of the Parties, and distinguish such as have been paid, and send a Copy of such Roll, with a Writ, according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule to this Act, to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer of the County, City, Borough, or Place having Execution of Process therein in which the Parties liable to the Payment of such Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances are stated to be resident, and such Copy and Writ shall be the Authority to such Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer for proceeding to the immediate levying and recovering of such Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances on the Goods and Chattels of such Parties, or for taking into Custody their Bodies in case sufficient Goods and Chattels be not found whereon Distress can be made for Recovery thereof; and every Person so taken shall be lodged in the Common Gaol until Payment be made or he be discharged by the Authority of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or otherwise in due Course of Law; and it shall be competent for such Commissioners to give Authority under their Hands for such Discharge, either absolutely or on such Terms and Conditions as they may see fit: Provided always, that where the Residences of the Parties in such Roll liable as aforesaid are not all in One County, Borough, City, or Place, then a Copy of so much only of such Roll as relates to the Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances to be paid by the Parties resident in each County, City, Borough, or Place shall be sent with such Writ as aforesaid to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer having Execution of Process therein.

XXXIII. The Clerk of Assize and Clerk of the Crown respectively shall, before sending such Writ as aforesaid to any such Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer, make Oath before a Judge of Qne of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Reoord at Westminster, or before any Commissioner

55

22° & 23° VICTORIES, c. 21.

missioner for taking Affidavits in the same Courts, or to administer Oaths in Chancery, which Oath shall be endorsed on the Back of the Writ, or of the said Roll attached thereto; and such Oath shall be in the Form following:

‘ I make Oath, That this Roll is truly and carefully made

€ A up and examined, and that all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Reeog-‘ nizances which in right and due Course of Law ought to be levied and paid are, to the

* beat of my Knowledge and Understanding, inserted in the said Roll, and that in the said

* Roll are also contained and expressed all such Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and f Recognizances as have been paid to or received by me, without any wilful or fraudulent ‘ Discharge, Omission, Misnomer, or Defect whatever.

* So help me GOD.5

XXXIV. The Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer to whom any such Writ as aforesaid is sent shall, on such Day as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct, return such Writ to such Commissioners, and shall state on the Back of the said Roll what has been done in the Execution of such Process.

XXXV. The Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer to whom the said Writ is sent, shall, until all the said Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances have been paid or recovered or discharged, or it be duly ascertained to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, that the Party in default has not any Goods or Chattels in the County, City, Borough, or Place of such Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer, or in any other County, City, Borough, or Place in England in which a Levy can be made, and that such Party cannot be found or that his Body cannot be lodged in any of Her Majesty's Gaols, keep and detain in the Possession of such Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer the Writ so directed to him and the Roll attached to such Writ, delivering to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury a Copy of such Roll on the Day on which he is required to return such Writ, and also a Copy of any former Roll or Rolls in which the Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances have not been paid or discharged; and the original Writ and Roll or Writs and Rolls sent to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer, shall continue in force and effect, and shall be sufficient Authority without any further Writ or Roll, for the levying of the said Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances, and such Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer is hereby authorized and required on quitting his Office to deliver over to his Successor all Rolls and Writs in his Possession, particularizing any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Recognizances remaining unpaid or undischarged in order that the Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer coming into the Office may use every Means in his Power for recovering the Sums unpaid and not charged to his Predecessors on the passing of his Accounts before any Person duly authorized to pass the same.

XXXVI, In all Cases where the Party incurring or subject to the Payment of any Fine, Issue, Amerciament, Penalty, or Recognizance resides or has fled or removed from or out of the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer to whom any such Writ as aforesaid has been directed, such Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer shall issue his Warrant, together with a Copy of the said Writ, directed to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer acting for the County, City, Borough, or Place in which such Person then resides or is, or in which his Goods or Chattels may be found, requiring such Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer to execute such Writ; and every such last-mentioned Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer is hereby authorized and required to act in all respects under such Warrant in the same Manner as if the original Writ had been delivered to him, and the said Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer is hereby required within Thirty Days after the Receipt of such Warrant to return to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer from whom he received the same what he has done in the Execution of such Process; and in case a Levy has been made, to pay over all Monies received in pursuance of the Warrant to the Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer from whom he received the same.

XXXVII. Every Sheriff, Bailiff, or other Officer as aforesaid neglecting to do or perform any Duty by this Act required shall forfeit and pay such Sum as in Section Ten of

the

Return of Writ to the Treasury.

Until Fines,

Sc c. are levied. Sheriff to retain Writ, which shall continue in force and be Authority to act upon.

Where a Party resides in another County, &c., or has removed, Sheriff to issue his Warrant to the Sheriff of the other County, &c.

Penalty on Sheriff for Neglect

Estreats may be required to be enrolled in the Exchequer.

Fro vision as to setting over Fines, &c.

Recognizances forfeited at Coroners Inquests to be returned to Clerks of the Peace, as in the Case of Fines imposed by Coroners.

Rolls not to be returned into Exchequer.

Approval of Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of Middlesex, how to be signified in future.

As to Rents rendered by the Corporation of

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21.

the said Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth is provided for such Neglect as therein mentioned, and to be recovered in like Manner.

%

XXXVIII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the Party liable to pay any Fine, Issue, Amerciament, Penalty, or Recognizance which, if this Act had not been passed, would have been certified or estreated into the Exchequer, may, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Crown directed by this Act to proceed as herem-before provided for causing the same to be levied, require such Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Crown, within Twenty Days after such Notice, to return the Estreat thereof into the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, there to be enrolled, and such Estreat shall be returned and enrolled accordingly; and any and the like Proceedings may be had and taken, by Motion or otherwise, in the Court of Exchequer, in respect of such Estreat so enrolled, as might be had and taken in the Case of any Fine, Issue, Amerciament, Penalty, or Recognizance lawfully certified or estreated into the Exchequer in the ordinary Course of Law.

XXXIX. All Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, and Forfeitures now from Time to Time set over by Her Majesty's Remembrancer to Corporations, Lords of Liberties, and others entitled thereto, shall after the passing of this Act be set over by such Person as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and the Books of Reference to such Corporations, Lords of Liberties, and others now in the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer, or Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof as may be necessary, shall be delivered to such Commissioners or such Person as they may direct.

XL. Every Recognizance forfeited at any Inquest to be holden before the Coroner of any County, City, Town, Liberty, or Place in England, shall be certified by such Coroner to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place in which the Person forfeiting such Recognizance shall reside, on or before the First Day of the Quarter Session of the Peace then next ensuing, and such Coroner shall cause a Copy of such Certificate to be served upon the Person liable to the Payment of such Forfeiture by leaving it at his Residence; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall proceed to act in respect of such Forfeiture as in the Case of Fines certified by Coroners pursuant to Section Seventeen of the Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-two, and such Forfeiture shall be levied and applied in like Manner, and subject to the like Powers, Provisions, and Penalties, as such Fines.

XLI. The Rolls known as Originalia Rolls shall cease to be returned or sent from the Petty Bag Office of the Court of Chancery into the Court of Exchequer.

XLII. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be necessary for the Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of Middlesex to attend on the Morrow of Saint Michael in the Court of Exchequer as heretofore, and unless otherwise directed by Order of Her Majesty in Council, Warrants under the Great Seal of the Exchequer shall be prepared at the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer signifying the Approval by Her Majesty of the Election of such Sheriffs and Sheriff, which Warrants may be delivered to the said Sheriffs and Sheriff, or their Under Sheriffs or Agents duly authorized to receive the same, without Fee or Reward in that Behalf, on the said Morrow of Saint Michael, or between that Day and the Morrow of Saint Martin, in each Year, and an Entry shall from Time to Time be made on the Roll of the Court of such Warrants having been granted; and unless such Warrants be stayed by Order of Her Majesty in Council on or before the Morrow of Saint Michael the Election of such Sheriffs and Sheriff shall be deemed and taken to be approved by Her Majesty; and all Warrants, Orders, Certificates, and other Documents heretofore read and ordered to be filed and recorded in the said Court on the annual Presentation of the Sheriffs shall continue to be filed and recorded in the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer as heretofore, on being presented at such Office for that Purpose within the Period aforesaid, and shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been filed and recorded by Order of the Court itself.

XLIII. ‘ And whereas it has been the Custom on the Occasion of the Presentation of 4 the Sheriffs of the City of London and Sheriff of Middlesex Elect for the Approval of the

* Crown

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 21, 22.

* Crown to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster to render, on behalf of ‘ the Corporation of the said City, in open Court, certain ancient Rents and Services in

* respcfct of the Tenure of a Piece of Waste Ground, called the Moors, in the County of

* Salop, and of a Tenement, called " The 1Forge" in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in

* the County of Middlesex: *

The said Rents and Services in respect of the said Ground and Tenement may be rendered by the Corporation of London, or by their Agent in that Behalf, at the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer on the Morrow of Saint Michael, or between that Day and the Morrow of Saint Martin, and the proper Entries in respect thereof shall be made as heretofore on the Rolls of the Court.

XLIV. Save as herein expressly provided, nothing in this Act Bhall affect or prejudice the Jurisdiction or Authority of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Right or Privilege now exercised by Her Majesty's Attorney General on behalf of the Crown.

SCHEDULE.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith:

To the Sheriff or Bailiff or Officer [as the Case may he] for the County of [or City, Borough, or Place, as the Caes may he] greeting.

You are hereby required and commanded, as you regard yourself and all yours, That you omit not, by reason of any Liberty in your County, City, Borough, or Place [<2$ the Case may he], but that you enter the same, and of all the Goods and Chattels of all and singular the Persons in the Roll to this Writ annexed, you cause to be levied all and singular the Debts ard Sums of Money upon them in the same Roll severally charged, so that the Money may be ready for Payment at the [ Time of the Return of the Writ], to be paid over in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct; and if any of the several Debts cannot be levied, by reason of no Goods or Chattels being to be found belonging to the Parties, then in all Cases that you take the Bodies of the Parties refusing to pay the aforesaid Debts, and lodge them in the Gaol (of the County, City, $•<:.), there to remain until they pay the same, or be discharged by the Authority of the said Commissioners or otherwise in due Course of Law.

Dated the Day of in the Year of Our Reign.

[Signature]

Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Crown [as the Case may be].

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

[13th August 1859*]

* Vl/THEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixth Year

‘ ~ of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate the Laws

* relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland: And whereas the Lord Lieutenant, by virtue ‘ of the Authority given to him by the said recited Act, did, by Warrant under his Hand, c appoint Two Persons to be Deputy Inspectors General of the Police Force in Ireland, ‘ and did also appoint, by virtue of the like Authority, and in the like Manner, Four Persons t to be County Inspectors of Police in Ireland, to be charged with the general Government ‘ of the Police Force to be established within such Number of Counties as the Lord Lieu-( tenant ipight direct: And whereas, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Second

22 & 23 Vict. H « and

57

London before the Court of Exchequer.

Saving Rights herein named.

6 W. 4. c. 13.

58

aft a Vi*

a. 75.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 97. s. 6.

Interpretation of Term.

Lord Lien-tenant may, on the Retirement of One of the Two Deputy Inspectors General, appoint the remaining Deputy Inspector General to be the only Deputy Inspector General of Police in Ireland.

On Retirement of One of the Deputy Inspectors General an additional Assistant Inspector General to be appointed.

The Assistant Inspector General in Command of the Constabulary Depot to be styled " Commandant of the Depot."

Salary of Assistant Inspectors General.

22* & 23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

< and Third Years of the Reign of Her Majesty) Chapter Seventy-five, the Appointments

* of Two of the said County Inspectors were vacated, and the Designation of the remaining 4 Two County Inspectors was changed to " Provincial Inspectors/' which last-mentioned

* Designation was further changed to " Assistant Inspectors General " under the Provisions € of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter

* Ninety-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the Acta relating to the Constabulary 4 Force in Ireland should be further amendedBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In the Construction of this Act the Term " Lord Lieutenant " shall be held to include any other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

II. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, at any Time after the passing of this Act, upon the Retirement or Superannuation from his Office of One of the said Two Deputy Inspectors General appointed under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, to appoint the remaining Deputy Inspector General to discharge the Duties theretofore discharged by the said Two Deputy Inspectors General; and from and after such Appointment there shall be only One Deputy Inspector General of the Police Force in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to fix and appoint such annual Salary as to him may from Time to Time seem proper, to be paid to such Deputy Inspector General, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Salary fixed by the said first-recited Act, while he shall hold the said Office of Deputy Inspector General; and he shall, from and after such Appointment, receive the said Salary upon the same Conditions in all respects as if this Section had been included in the said first-recited Act.

III. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, as soon as conveniently may be after the Retirement or Superannuation from his Office of One of the said Deputy Inspectors General, as herein-before mentioned, by Warrant under his Hand, to nominate and appoint from Time to Time, when and as he may think necessary, One fit and proper Person to be an Assistant Inspector General of the Police Force in Ireland, in addition to the said Two Assistant Inspectors General, appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and such Assistant Inspector General shall, on his Appointment to such Office, have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be liable to all 9uch Duties and Responsibilities, as any Assistant Inspector General of the Police Force duly appointed now has or is liable to by virtue of any Statute in force in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to fix and appoint such annual Salary as to him may from Time to Time seem proper to be paid to such Assistant Inspector General to be appointed under this Act, not exceeding the Amount herein-after mentioned, while he shall hold the said Office of Assistant Inspector General; and he shall thenceforth receive the said Salary upon the same Conditions in all respects as if this Section had been included in the said first-recited Act.

»

IY. •' And whereas the Constabulary Dep&t in Dublin is placed under the Command of ‘ One of the said Assistant Inspectors General, and it is expedient that the Designation of c the Officer holding such Command for the Time being should be changed as herein-after ‘ mentionedTherefore, the Assistant Inspector General appointed under the said recited Aets or this Act holding such Command shall henceforth be styled " Commandant of the Depfit provided that such Change of Designation shall in no respect alter the Provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any other Act, in respect of the Salary, Duties, or Emoluments of the Person so appointed holding such Command.

V. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct that the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be paid to One of the said Two remaining Assistant Inspectors General, or divided between such Assistant Inspectors General in such Proportions as he shall think fit, in addition to the Salary of Five hundred Pounds by the said Acts limited for each of such Officers respectively: Provided always, that the gross Amount of the Money to be paid for the Sahuies of Deputy Inspector General and Assistant Inspectors General of Police

under

22° & 23° VICTORIA, o. 22,23,24. 69

under the Provisions of this Act shall not exceed the Amount which the said Lord Lieutenant is authorized by the said recited Acts to grant as and for the Salaries of the Deputy Inspectors General and the Assistant Inspectors General authorized tQ bo appointed thereunder,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland. [ 13th August 1859.]

* AX/'HERE AS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years n & 12 Vict.

* * ~ of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-two, certain Provisions are made c-

* relating to the Collectors of County Cess in Ireland: And whereas by certain other Acts

* subsequently passed, and more especially by an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the 16 & 17 Vi<&

* Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirteen, the said Provisions were revived and continued *•13-

€ as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first 20 & 21 Vict.

* Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seven, the said Provisions were revived and c* 7.

* continued, and amended as therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said

* Provisions contained in the said firstr-recited Act should be further continued, subject 1 to the Amendments thereof contained in the said thirdly recited ActBe it therefor? enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provisions contained in the said first-recited Act relating to the Collection of S^^ited11 County Cess in Ireland, subject to the Amendments thereof contained in the said thirdly Act relating recitea Act, shall be further continued, and shall remain in force for Two Years from and Collection of after the passing of this Act. contLLd.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to remove Doubts as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the Universities of Scotland. [13th August 1859-]

' XX/ HERE AS Doubts have arisen as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the

* *" Universities of Scotland under the Provisions of an Act of the Sixteenth and

* Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to regulate the 16 & 17 Vict ‘ Admission of Professors to the Lay Chairs in the Universities of Scotland, and or an Act of 89*

‘ the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her said Majesty, intit uled An Act to make 21 & 22 Vict. c Provision for the better Government and Discipline of the Universities of Scotland, and 83* c improving and regulating the Course of Study therein, and for the Union of the Two Univer-c sities and Colleges of Aberdeen: And whereas it is proper that such Doubts should be

* removed:* Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

It shall not be necessary for any Person who shall be elected, presented, or provided to Principals in the Office of Principal in any of the Universities or Colleges in Scotland, except the College of of Saint Marys in the University of Saint Andrew's, subsequently to the Date at which the coiiegw^n8 said second-recited Act shall have come into operation therein, to make and subscribe the Scotland, Acknowledgment or Declaration mentioned in an Act passed in the Fourth Session of the ^

H 2 First CoU*e'°f

^jOoq ie

St. Mary's in the University of St. Andrew's, not required to subscribe Confession of Faith.

5 & 6 W. 4.

c. 27.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 91.

5 & 6 Vict c. 68.

7 & 8 Vict, c. 47.

13 & 14 Vict, c. 48.

15 & 16 Vict c. 13.

16 & 17 Vict

c. 103.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 46.

Recited Acts, except as amended, further continued.

43 G. 3. c. 138.

22° & 23° VICTO R.IJ5, c. 24,25, 26.

First Parliament held in Scotland by Her Majesty Queen Anney intituled Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government; but every such Person shall make and subscribe, in the Manner provided by the said first-recited Act as to Persons elected, presented, or provided to Lay Chairs in any such University or College, the Declaration therein set forth.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. [13th August 1859*]

* V1THEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and

* ^ * Sixth Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-seven, to ‘ continue and ameud certain Acts relating to the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in c Ireland for a Period therein limited: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of s Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-c one, whereby a Part of the said first-recited Act was repealed, and the same, as amended,

* was continued for a Period therein limited: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session

* of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, ‘ Chapter Sixty-eight, whereby the said secondly recited Act was amended and continued

* for a Period therein limited: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament 6 held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter i Forty seven, whereby the said first-recited Act was amended, and the said recited Acts 1 were further continued for a Period therein mentioned: And whereas the said recited € Acts were further continued by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the € Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, and by an Act

* passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirteen, and by an 1 Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred

* and three, and by an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, ‘ Chapter Forty-six: And whereas it is expedient that the. said first-recited Act, and the

* said secondly and thirdly and fourthly recited Acts, should be further continued, subject € to the respective Amendments thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said first-recited Act, except such Parts thereof as have been repealed by the said secondly recited Act, and subject to the Amendments thereof in the said subsequent recited Acts contained, and the said secondly and thirdly and fourthly recited Acts, subject to the respective Amendments thereof, shall be further continued, and shall be and remain in force from the passing of this Act for Five Years.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the Trade with the Indians, and for the Administration of Justice in the North-western Territories of America. [13th August 1859.]

‘ yy/'HERE AS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of King George the Third € (Chapter One hundred and thirty-eight), " for extending the Jurisdiction of the

‘ " Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada to the Trial and Punish-

( "ment

61

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 26.

€ " ment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America

* " adjoining to the said Provinces," and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the f First and Second Years of King George the Fourth (Chapter Sixty-six), " for regulating

* " the Fur Trade, and for establishing a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain ‘ " Parts of North America and by the firstly herein mentioned Act it was enacted, that ' all Offences committed within any of the Indian Territories or Parts of America ' not within the Limits of either of the Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or of

* any Civil Government of the United States of America, should be and be deemed

* to be Offences of the same Nature, and should be tried in the same Manner, and i subject to the same Punishment, as if the same had been committed within the Pro-‘ vinces of Lower or Upper Canada; and by the secondly herein mentioned Act it was

* enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, if He should deem it convenient so ‘ to do, to issue a Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons to be and act as € Justices of the Peace within such Parts of America as aforesaid; and it was also enacted,

‘ that it should be lawful for His Majesty, by Commission under the Great Seal, to autho-‘ rize and empower such Persons so appointed Justices to sit and hold Courts of Record for € the Trial of Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors, and also of Civil Causes: And whereas c no Courts of Record have been established or authorized as aforesaid, and it is expedient

* to make further Provision for the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in the said ‘ Indian Territories, and such other Parts as aforesaid of America,, and also to make Provi-‘ sion for better regulating Trade with the Indians in the Territories and Parts aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by the Commission by which any Justices of the Peace are appointed under the said Act of King George the Fourth, or by any subsequent Commission, or by any Order in Council, from Time to Time to authorize any such Justice or Justices to take cognizance of and try in a summary Way all Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences whatsoever, except as herein-after mentioned, within the local Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices (or such Parts thereof as Her Majesty may direct in this Behalf), and to punish such Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences by Fine or Imprisonment, or both; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in manner aforesaid, from Time to Time to restrict or regulate the Exercise of such Jurisdiction as She may think fit, and to direct in what Cases the same may be exercised by One or by more than One of such Justices, and generally to make such Provision concerning the Exercise of such Jurisdiction as to Her Majesty may seem expedient; and it shall also be lawful for Her Majesty, in manner aforesaid, to order or authorize the Appointment of all proper Officers to act in aid of such Justices, and the said Justices respectively may do or cause to be done all Acts, Matters, and Things for the Execution of their Sentences, and in aid of their Jurisdiction under this Act, which might be done or caused to be done by Courts of Record having Jurisdiction in the like Cases: Provided always, that where the Offence with which any Person is charged before any such Justice or Justices is one which is punishable with Death, or one which in the Opinion of such Justice or Justices ought, either on account of the Inadequacy of the Punishment which such Justice or Justices can inflict, or for any other Reason, to be made the Subject of Prosecution in the ordinary Way, rather than to be disposed of summarily, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to safe Custody, and cause him to be sent in such Custody for Trial to Upper Canada, as provided by the said Act of King George the Fourth, or, where such Justice or Justices may see fit, to the Colony of British Columbia; and such Offender may be tried and dealt with by any Court constituted in British Columbia having Cognizance of the like Offences committed there, and such Court shall have the like Powers and Authorities for this Purpose as under the said Acts are given to any Court in Canada in the like Cases.

II. Provided, That nothing herein-beforc contained shall be taken to repeal or affect the Provisions of the said Act of King George the Fourth concerning the Establishment of Courts of Record in the said Territories, and where such Courts arc established any

Offenders

l & 2 G. 4. c. 66.

Justices of the Peace in the British American Indian Territories authorised to try Offences summarily, and punish by Fine or Imprisonment.

The Power to establish Courts of Record not to be affected.

Her Mqjeftty, by Order in Council, may make Regulations for the Trade with the Inriinna,

Hudson's Bay Company, British Columbia, and Vancouver's Island not affected.

Limit of European Troops of Her Majesty's Indian Army.

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 26,27.

Offenders within the Limits of the Jurisdiction thereof may be committed for Trial to such Courts instead of the Courts of Canada or British Columbia.

III. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations as She may deem expedient for the Conduct of the Trade with the Indians, and for diminishing or preventing the Sale and Distribution of Spirits to the Indians, or for promoting their Moral and Religious Improvement, to be in force in all or any Portions of the Territories mentioned in the said Act of King George the Fourth which may not be included in any Grant or Licence for the Time being in force under that Act

IV. Nothing herein contained shall extend to the Territories heretofore granted to the Company of Adventurers trading to Hudsons Bay; and nothing herein contained shall extend to the Colony of British Columbia, save as herein expressly provided, or to the Colony of Vancouver's Island.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to repeal the Thirty-first Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-five, and to alter the Limit of the Number of European Troops to be maintained for local Service in India. [13th August 1859-]

* \]U HERE AS it is expedient to repeal so much of the Section numbered Thirty-one of ( * * an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of c Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, as limits the Number of European Forces of the East

* India Company to be raised and maintained at any One Time out of the Revenues arising c from the Territories subject to the Government of the said Company to Twenty thousand f Men, and limits the Number of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men which it f should be lawful for the said Company to enlist and have in Pay and Train and Discipline c under the Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred c and nine, at any One Time, to Four thousandBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council, at any Time after the passing of this Act, and from Time to Time, to give such Directions as he may think fit for raising and maintaining out of the Revenues arising from the Territories of India vested in Her Majesty by virtue of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, such Number of European Forces as he may judge necessary for the Indian Army of Her Majesty, so that the Number of such Forces at any One Time do not amount in the whole to more than Thirty thousand Men, not including the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to enlist, and have in Pay and maintain out of the said Revenues in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, any Number of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men belonging to the said Indian Army, not exceeding at any One Time Six thousand.

22* & 23° VICTORIA, c. 28, 29.

63

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend the Oalway Harbour and Port Act (1853).

[13th August 1859*]

‘ V^HEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixteenth

* ~ * and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act fot 16 & 1? Vict.

* making a Piet and Breakwater in the Bay of Galway, and for conferring additional Powers ccv,i-c on the Galway Harbour Commissioners, and for other Purposes, it is, amongst other things,

‘ enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Harbour Commissioners to demand and take c the Tolls and Rates in the respective Schedules to the said Act annexed: And whereas c the Tolls and Rates by the said Act authorized to be levied are, subject to the necessary c Expenses of the Repair of the Works of the said Harbour, now paid to a Receiver € appointed by the Commissioners of Public Works, and applied, as by the said Act directed,

‘ in discharge of a Public Debt due to the said last-mentioned Commissioners: And whereas ‘ it is expedient to amend the said Galway Harbour and Port Act, 1853Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That for and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the said Act contained, it Power to shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to

and for the Receiver, Collector, or Officer heretofore or hereafter to be appointed by them, entering^d ' or acting for or on their Behalf, to charge and collect the Tonnage Rates set forth in Sche- using the dule A. to the said Act annexed on every Vessel, without Limitation of Tonnage, entering Flouting Dock, and lying in the Floating Dock, or alongside the Pier or Piers, Jetty or Jetties, in the said Schedule set forth, and also to charge and collect the several Rates and Dues by the said Schedule chargeable for Boats entering and using the said Floating Dock or Canal.

II. The said "Galway Harbour and Port Act, 1853," and the several Acts incorporated Acts to be con-

therewith, and this Act, shall be construed as One Act. strued together.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal a certain Toll levied upon Fishing Vessels passing the Nore.

[13th August 1859*]

HERE AS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present " * Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal, alter, and amend the several Acts relating to Billingsgate Market in the City of London: And whereas the said Act contained, amongst other Provisions, the following; that is to say,

‘ " That all Fishing Smacks, Steam Boats, or other Description of Vessels which shall be

* " solely employed in the catching, carrying, or importing Fish for the Supply of the said ‘ " Market shall be and they are hereby exempted from all Claims, Dues, and Customs what-

* " soever while the said Fishing Smacks, Steam Boats, or other Description of Vessels shall

* " be solely engaged in such Employment, save and except the Tolls payable by virtue of

* " this Act, and the Payment by each Fishing Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of

* " Vessel of the Sum of Two Shillings per Voyage for each Time of passing the Nore with ‘ " Fish for the said Market, as herein-after mentioned:

9 <c That the Owner, Master, chief Officer, or other Person who shall have the Care or Section is.

* " Conduct of any Fishing Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of Vessel which shall Fishing Boats

* " be wholly or partly made use of for catching, carrying, or importing Fish, or which shall yoylg^on*

* " be wholly or partly laden with Fish for the Supply of the said Market, and passing the passing'the

* « Nore with such Fish for the said Market, shall, within Three Days after such Fishing 10

9 & 10 Vict c. cccxlvi.

Section 17. Fishing Boats to be exempt from all Dues, except Tolls, and 28. per Cargo each Voy age on passing the Wore.

Customs,

London.

Section 19. Account of Cargo of Fishing Boats to be given.

Section 20. Penalty on neglecting to pay 2s. or deliver an Account of Cargo.

Section 21. Clerk to enter Monies paid and Account of Cargoes in a Book, and to make weekly Returns to the Marine Society.

Section 22. Application of the 2s. per Voyage.

Section 23. Marine Society to appoint Inspectors of Fishing Vessels.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 29.

" Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of Vessel shall have passed the Nore, pay to " the Person who for the Time being shall act as Deputed Clerk in the Coast Office under " the Collector Outwards in the Port of London at the Custom House, London, the Sum " of Two Shillings per Voyage for each Time of passing the Nore with any such Fish on " board as aforesaid:

‘ " That at the Time of making the said Payment of Two Shillings as aforesaid the " Owner, Master, chief Officer, or other Person who shall have the Care or Conduct of " such Fishing Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of Vessel, or his Agent, shall " deliver to the Person who shall for the Time being act as such Deputed Clerk as " aforesaid an Account, as near as may be, of the Quantity and Description of Fish so " imported for the said Market:

c " That in case the said Owner, Master, chief Officer, or other Person having the Care " or Conduct of any such Fishing Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of Vessel, or " his Agent, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of Two Shillings, or to deliver " the said Account as aforesaid, to such Person as aforesaid, the said Owner, Master, " chief Officer, or other Person, or his Agent, shall forfeit and pay, on Conviction before " any Justice, a Penalty of not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be paid to and for the Use of " the Marine Society; and that it shall be lawful for the said Marine Society, but for no " other Party, to prefer such Complaint as aforesaid before the said Justice as aforesaid, " and to recover the same Penalty in the Manner herein-after mentioned:

f " That such Person as aforesaid shall make a correct Entry in a Book to be kept for " that Purpose of the Sums paid to him as aforesaid, and also of the said Account of the " several Cargoes as aforesaid, and shall make a weekly Return of the same to the said " Marine Society; and in the event of such Person as aforesaid neglecting to make such " Entry or Return as aforesaid, such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay, upon Con-" viction before any Justice, a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be paid to and for the Use of " the said Marine Society as aforesaid, upon their Complaint, and to be recovered by them " as herein-after mentioned:

‘ " That the said Sum of Two Shillings so to be paid as aforesaid shall be applied in " manner following; (that is to say,) there shall be kept and retained by and for the Use " of the Person so receiving the said Sum of Two Shillings per Voyage the Sum of " Sixpence, and the remaining One Shilling and Sixpence is hereby vested in the said " Marine Society, and shall be paid by such Person from Time to Time to the said Society, " whose Receipt shall be and is hereby declared to be at all Times a full Discharge to such €i Person for the same, which said Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence shall be applied by " the said Society for the general Purposes of the said Society:

* " That the said Marine Society arc hereby authorized to appoint, and from Time to " Time, at their Pleasure, to remove. One or more Officer or Officers, to be called the " Inspector or Inspectors of Fishing Vessels, who shall take account of the Arrival and " passing of all Fishing Smacks, Steam Boats, and other Description of Vessels wholly or " partly laden with Fish for the Supply of the said Market, and of the Quantity and " Description of Fish on board the same, and shall make a Return of the same to the said " Marine Society; and that it shall be lawful for the said Officer or Officers to enter upon " and board any Fishing Smack, Steam Boat, or other Description of Vessel which he " shall suspect of having Fish on board for the said Market; and all and every the " Masters, chief Officers, or other Person or Persons having the Care or Conduct of the " said Fishing Smacks, Steam Boats, or other Description of Vessels are hereby required " to give to the said Inspectors such Account of the Arrival and passing thereof, and of " the Quantities and Description of Fish on board the same, according to the best of their " Knowledge; and any Person or Persons refusing to give such Account, or hindering " such Inspector or Inspectors in the Execution of his or their said Office, or preventing " or endeavouring to prevent any Person or Persons on board such Vessel or Vessels from " giving such Account as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before a Justice, be subject to a " Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to and for the Use of the said Marine

* " Society

65

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 29,30,31.

c 44 Society as aforesaid, upon their Complaint, and to be recovered by them a$ herein-after 4 44 mentioned:

44 * Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to entitle the said Officer to Section 24.

4 44 hinder, annoy, or molest any Fisherman or Person employed in the Fishery in the 4 44 carrying on of his lawful Calling, or unnecessarily to interfere with any Steam Vessel any Fisherman. 4 44 under way:"

4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Toll imposed by the said recited Enactments 1 be abolished: And whereas the said Marine Society have consented to such Abolition Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. The said recited Provisions of the said recited Act are hereby repealed.

II. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may award to any Person who by reason of the passing of this Act is deprived of any Salary or Emolument, such Amount of Compensation as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable, and any Compensation so awarded shall be paid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

Recited Sections repealed. Treasury may award Compensation to Persons deprived of Offices.

CAP- XXX.

An Act to extend the Enactments relating to the Copper Coin to Coin of mixed Metal. [13th August 1859*]

4 yi^HEREAS Her Majesty may think fit for the Public Convenience to cause to be 4 * * issued Coins of Bronze or mixed Metal instead of Copper Moneys, or for the Purposes of the like Payments for \vhich Copper Moneys have been made current:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. When any Coin of Bronze or mixed Metal shall be current by virtue of any Procla- Enactments mation that may be issued by Her Majesty, all the Penalties and Provisions of the Act of concerning the the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter W.0™* Thirty-four, 44 for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Coin,"* which are c. 34. to apply applicable to the current Copper Coin, or Offences or Acts relating thereto, shall be appli- to C^n^f j cable to such current Coin of Bronze or mixed Metal, or the like Offences or Acts relating mix cto ' thereto; and Sections Twelve and Fourteen of the said Act, and all other Provisions of such Act, and all Enactments whatever, where current Copper Coin is mentioned or referred to, shall be construed and take effect as if, in addition to current Copper Coin, current Coin of Bronze or mixed Metal had been also in every such Case mentioned or referred to.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in •Ireland. [13th August 18590

4 WHEREAS in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Year of Her present Majesty an 4 * * Act was passed, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters

4 of Administration in Ireland, herein-after designated 44 The Court of Probate Act: " And

22 & 23 Vict.

whereas

20 & 21 Vict.

c. 79.

66

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.31.

f whereas it is expedient to amend the sameBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: ,

Power to Judge of Court of Probate to sit in Chambers.

I. It shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Probate for the Time being to sit id Chambers for the Despatch of such Part of the Business of the said Court as can in th6 Opinion of the said Judge, with Advantage to the Suitors, be heard in Chambers; and the Times at which such Sittings shall be held shall from Time to Time be fixed by the Judge s Provided always, that no Question shall be heard in Chambers which either Party shall require to be heard in open Court.

The Treasury II. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time provide to cause Cham- Chambers in which the Judge of the Court of Probate shall sit for the Despatch of such provided.6 Business as aforesaid; and until such Chambers are provided elsewhere the said Judge shall sit in Chambers in any Room which he may find convenient for the Purpose.

Judge's Powers when sitting • in Chambers.

Clerks in Principal Registry eligible to be Registrars, &c.

Repeal of s. 22. of recited Act.

Where Personalty is under 200/1 County Court to have Jurisdiction.

HI. The Judge of the Court of Probate, when so sitting in Chambers, shall have and exercise the same Power and Jurisdiction in respect of the Business to be brought before him as if sitting in open Court.

IY. Clerks having served Five Years in the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate shall be eligible to be appointed District Registrars of the said Court.

Y. Section Twenty-two of the said Court of Probate Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. Where it appears by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of a Registrar of the Principal Registry that the Testator or Intestate in respect of whose Estate a Grant or Revocation of a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration is applied for had at the Time of his Death his fixed Place of Abode in One of the Districts specified in Schedule (A.) to the said " Court of Probate Act/' and that the Personal Estate in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration are to be or have been granted, exclusive of what the Deceased may have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee, and not beneficially, but without deducting anything on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased, was at the Time of his Death under the Value of Two hundred Pounds, and that the Deceased at the Time of his Death was not seised or entitled beneficially of or to any Real Estate of the Value of Three hundred Pounds or upwards, the Chairman of Quarter Sessions having Jurisdiction in the Place in which the Deceased had at the Time of his or her Death a fixed Place of Abode shall have the Contentious Jurisdiction and Authority of the Court of Probate in respect of Questions as to the Grant and Revocation of Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such deceased Person, in case there be any Contention in relation thereto.

S. 58. of recited VII. Section Fifty-eight of the said Court of Probate Act shall be and the same is Act repealed, hereby repealed*

S. 63. to apply to Applications for Revocation of Grants.

VIII. The said Court of Probate Act, Section Sixty-three, shall, so far as Assistant Barristers or their Courts are concerned, apply to an Application for the Revocation of a Grant of Probate or Administration as well as to an Application for any such Grant

Power to make Rules and Orders and frame Scales of Fees for the County Courts.

IX. The Power and Authority to make Rules and Orders for regulating the Proceedings of the Assistant Barristers Courts shall extend and be applicable to all Proceedings in the Assistant Barristers Courts under this Act, and also to framing a Scale of Costs and Charges to be paid to Counsel, Proctors, Solicitors, and Attorneys in respect of Proceedings in such Courts, under the said Court of Probate Act or this Act.

Non-conten-tious Business pending in any Ecclesiastical Court to be transferred.

X. All Non-con ten tious Business pending in any Ecclesiastical Court at the Time when " The Court of Probate Act " came into operation shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Court of Probate, in the same Way as all pending Suits were transferred to the said Court under the said Act, and all Acts executed under the Authority of such Ecclesiastical

Court

67

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 31.

Court with reference to such Business which would have been valid if the Authority of such Court had not been abolished shall be valid, and all Oaths and Bonds sworn and executed in manner required by any such Ecclesiastical Court in reference to such Business, prior to the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, shall continue to have and be deemed to have had the same Force and Effect in Law as they would have had if sworn and executed in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act or of this Act.

XI. Bonds given * to any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Person exercising Testamentary Jurisdiction in respect of Grants of Letters of Administration made prior to the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, or in respect of Grants made in pursuance of the Court of Probate Act or of this Act, whether taken under a Commission or Requisition executed before or after the said Eleventh Day of January, shall enure to the Benefit of the Judge of the Court of Probate, and, if necessary, shall be put in force in the same Manner and subject to the same Rules (so far as the same may be applicable to them) as if they had been given to the Judge of the said Court subsequently to that Day.

XII. Whenever an Executor appointed in a Will survives the Testator, but dies without having taken Probate, and whenever an Executor named in a Will is cited to take Probate, and does not appear to such Citation, the Right of such Person in respect of the Executorship shall wholly cease, and the Representation to the Testator and the Administration of his Effects shall and may, without any further Renunciation, go, devolve, and be committed in like Manner as if such Person had not been appointed Executor.

XIII. The Judge of the Court of Probate shall have and exercise the same Power of altering and amending Grants of Probate and Letters of Administration made before the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight as any Ecclesiastical Court had and exercised in respect of such Grants.

XIV* The Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of George the Third, Chapter Eighty-seven, and of " The Court of Probate Act," shall be extended to all Executors and Administrators residing out of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, whether it be or be not intended to institute Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, and to all Grants made before and subsequently to the passing of the last-nientioned Act; and it shall be lawful to alter the Language of the Grant prescribed by the first-named Statute so as to make it apply to Grants made in the Court of Probate under the said last-mentioned Act.

XY. From and after the Decease of any Person dying intestate, and until Letters of Administration shall be granted in respect of his Estate and Effects, the Personal Estate and Effects of such deceased Person shall be vested in the Judge of the Court of Probate for the Time being, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as heretofore they vested in the Ordinary.

XVI. All Second and subsequent Grants of Probate or Letters of Administration shall be made in the Principal Registry, or in the District Registry where the original Will is registered or the original Grant of Letters of Administration has been made, or in the District Registry to which the original Will or a registered Copy thereof, or the Record of the original Grant of Administration, have been transmitted, by virtue of a Requisition issued in pursuance of Section Ninety-six of " The Court of Probate Actand for and in respect of such Second or subsequent Grants of Probate or Letters of Administration to be made in a District Registry it shall not be requisite that it should appear by Affidavit that the Testator or Intestate had a fixed Place of Abode within the District in which the Application is made.

XVII. It shall be lawful for the Court of Probate to require Security by Bond in such Form as the Judge shall from Time to Time by any General or Special Orders direct, with or without Sureties, from any Receiver of the Real Estate of any deceased Person appointed by the said Court, under Section Seventy-five of " The Court of Probate Act," or for Pay-

I 2 ment

Bonds given before 11 Jan. 1853 to remain in force.

An Executor not acting or not appearing to a Citation to be treated as if he had renounced.

Judge of Court of Probate may amend Grants made before 11 Jan. 1858.

Provisions of 38 G. 3. c. 87. and 20 & 21 Vict c. 79. extended to all Cases of Executors and Administrators.

On Decease of Persons dying intestate, Estate to vest in the Judge for the Time being.

Second and subsequent Grants to be made where the original Will or the original Letters of Administration are deposited.

The Court of Probate may require Security from a Receiver of Real Estate.

Administration pending Suit deemed to apply to Appeals.

"Registrars may issue Subpoenas to produce Papers, &c.

The Registrars to do all Acts heretofore done by Surrogates.

Copies of Wills may be certified by a Stamp.

Certificates from the Principal Registry may be stamped.

Requisitions may be issued for the Transmission of a single Paper.

Power to enforce Decree as to Costs.

22° & 23" VICTORIA, e. 31.

ment of Costs in any Cause or Matter in which the Court shall direct Security for Costs to be given; and the Court may, on Application made on Motion or in a summary Way, order One of the Registrars of the Court to assign the same to some Person to be named in such Order; and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall thereupon be entitled to sue on the said Security, or put the same in force in his or their own Name or Names, both at Law and in Equity, as if the same had been originally given to him instead of to the Judge of the said Court, and shall be entitled to recover thereon, as Trustee for all Persons interested, the full Amount due in virtue thereof.

XVIII. All the Provisions contained in the Court of Probate Act respecting Ghrats of Administration pending Suit shall be deemed to apply to the Case of Appeals to the Court of Appeal in Chancery in Ireland\ and also to the House of Lords, under the said Act.

XIX. It shall be lawful for a Registrar of the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate, and whether any Suit or other Proceeding shall or shall not be pending in the said Court, to issue a Subpoena requiring any Person to produce and bring into the Principal or any District Registry, or otherwise as in the said Subpoena may be directed, any Paper or Writing being or purporting to be testamentary, which may be shown to be in the Possession, within .the Power, or under the Control of such Person; and such Person, upon being duly served with the said Subpoena, shall be bound to produce and bring in such Paper or Writing, and shall be subject to the like Process of Contempt in case of Default as if he had been a Party to a Suit in the said Court, and had been ordered by the Judge of the Court of Probate to produce and bring in such Paper or Writing.

XX. The Registrars of the Principal Registry shall be invested with and shall and may exercise with reference to Proceedings in the Court of Probate the same Power and Authority which Surrogates of the Judge of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury could or might before the passing of the Court of Probate Act have exercised in Chambers with reference to Proceedings in the said Prerogative Court.

XXI. Copies of Wills required to be transmitted by a District Registrar, and certified by him to be correct Copies, under Section Fifty-five of the Court of Probate Act, may be so certified and transmitted under a Stamp provided by the District Registrar for that Purpose, and approved of by the Judge of the Court of Probate.

XXII. Certificates issued from the Principal Registry with reference to Notices of Applications transmitted from the District Registrars, under Section Fifty-three of the Court of Probate Act, need not be made under the Hand of a Registrar of the Principal Registry, a3 required by the said Act, but may be issued under a Stamp provided for that Purpose, and approved of by the J udge of the Court of Probate.

XXIII. c Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether a Requisition can be issued f under Section Ninety-six of the Court of Probate Act for the Transmission of One or ‘ more Papers only, not being all the Papers and Documents in the Custody* of the Person f to whom any such Requisition may be addressed Be it therefore enacted and declared. That the said Section shall be construed to extend to all Requisitions, whether for the Transmission of One or of more Records, "Wills, Grants, Probates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds, Notes of Administration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, or other Instruments relating exclusively or principally to Matters and Causes Testamentary.

XXIV. The Judge of the Court of Probate, and the Registrars of the Principal Registry thereof, shall respectively, in any Case where an Ecclesiastical or other Court having Testamentary Jurisdiction had previously to the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight made an Order or Decree in respect of Costs, have the same Power of taxing such Costs and enforcing Payment thereof, or of otherwise carrying such Order or Decree into effect, as if the Cause wherein such Decree was made had been originally commenced and prosecuted in the said Court of Probate; provided that in taxing any such Costs, or any other Costs incurred in Causes depending in any such Courts before the Time

. aforesaid,

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 31. 69

aforesaid, all Feae, Charges, and Expenses shall be allowed whioh might have been legally made, charged, and enforced according to the Practice of the Prerogative Court of Ireland.

XXV. Letters of Administration granted by the Court of Probate in England shall not Letters of

be resealed, under Section Ninety-four of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-nine, until a Certificate has been filed, under the Hand of a Registrar of the Court Ireland not to of Probate in England, that Bond has been given to the Judge of the Court of Probate in resealed England in a Sum sufficient in Amount to cover the Property in Ireland as well as England J^tTuufficient in respect of which such Administration is required to be resealed. Bond is given.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Probate to appoint by Commis- Commissioners

sion, under Seal of the Court, any Persons practising as Solicitors in the Isle of Man, in the *^the

Channel Islands, or any of them, and also such Persons resident in England, Wales, and hleof Man, &c. Scotland as he shall think fit, to administer Oaths, and to take Declarations or Affirmations,

and to exercise any other Powers which can be exercised by Commissioners of Her Majesty's Court of Probate; and such Persons shall be entitled from Time to Time to charge and take such Fees as any other Tersons performing the same Duties in the Court of Probate may charge and take.

XXVII. In Cases where it is necessary to obtain Affidavits, Declarations, or Affirmations Affidavits, to be used in the Court of Probate from Persons residing in Foreign Parts out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the same may be sworn, declared, or affirmed before the Persons when p^ies empowered to administer Oaths under the Act of the Sixth of George the Fourth, Chapter making them Eighty-seven, or under the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter Forty- J^^Parts0" two; provided that in Places where there arc no such Persons as are mentioned in the said re,gn s* Acts such Affidavits, Declarations, or Affirmations may be made, declared, and affirmed

before any Foreign local Magistrate or other Person having Authority to administer an Oath.

XXVIII. Affidavits, Declarations, and Affirmations to be used in the Court of Probate Affidavits, may be sworn and taken in the Isle of Many the Channel Islandsy or any Colony, Island, before wbom. Plantation, or Place out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland under the Cobni^&c11 Dominion of Her Majesty, before any Court, Judge, Notary Public, or Person lawfully authorized to administer Oaths in such Country, Colony, Island, Plantation, or Place respectively, or, so far as relates to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands, before any Commissary, Ecclesiactical Judge, or Surrogate who at the Time of the passing of the Court

of Probate Act was authorized to administer Oaths in the Isle of Man or in the Channel Islands respectively, and all Registrars and other Officers of the Court of Probate shall take judicial Notice of the Seal or Signature, as the Case may be, of any such Court, Judge,

Notary Public, or Person, which shall be attached, suspended, or subscribed to any Buch Affidavit, Declaration, or Affirmation, or to any other Document.

XXIX. If any Person shall forge any such Seal or Signature as last aforesaid, or any Persons forging Seal or Signature impressed, affixed, or subscribed, under the Provisions of the said Act of Sealor.Signa-the Sixth of George the Fourth, or of the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth iXny.ltyC Victoria, to any Affidavit, Declaration, or Affirmation to be used in the Court of Probate, or

shall tender in Evidence any such Document as aforesaid with a false or counterfeit Seal or Signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Penal Servitude for the Term of his Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year; and whenever any such Document has been admitted in Evidence by virtue of this Act, the Court, or the Person who lias admitted the same, may, at the Request of any Party against whom the same is so admitted in Evidence, direct that the same shall be impounded and be kept in the Custody of some Officer of the Court or other proper Person, for such Period and subject to such Conditions as to the said Court or Person shall seem meet; and every Person charged with committing any Felony under this Act may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted, sentenced, and his Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed, in the County,

District, or Place in which he may be apprehended or be in Custody; and every Accessory

before

Persons taking a false Oath before a Surrogate guilty of Peijury.

Provision for

the necessary Absence of Officers.

The Judge to have the same Powers over Practitioners as Judges of other Courts.

Provision for Expenses of indexing, &c. Documents required to be removed under Requisition.

Mode of calculating Time of Service of Judges of Superior Courts of Law or Equity with reference to Retiring Pensions. ,

Sections 19. & 20. of 19 & 20 Vict, c. 92. to include Court of Probate in Ireland.

Short Title.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.31.

before or after the Fact to any such Offence may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted, sentenced, and his Offence laid and charged to have been committed, in any County, District, or Place in which the principal Offender may be tried.

XXX. Any Person who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or who shall wilfully swear, affirm, or declare falsely in any Affidavit or Deposition before any Surrogate having Authority to administer Oaths under the Court of Probate Act, or before any Person who before the passing of the said Act was a Surrogate authorized to administer Oaths in any of the Channel Islands, or before any Person authorized to administer Oaths under this Act, shall be liable to the Penalties and Consequences of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. In case any Officer appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the Court of Probate Act, 1857, or of this Act, shall by reason of Ill-health or other Infirmity become temporarily incapable of performing the Duties of his Office, it shall be lawful for the Judge to appoint some other fit and proper Person to discharge the Duties of such Office for any Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months at any One Time, and the Person so appointed shall, during such Period, have all the Power and Authority of the Officer in whose Place he shall be so appointed, and shall be paid by such Officer such Sum by way of Salary or Allowance as shall be agreed upon between them respectively, or be fixed by the J udge; and the J udge may, at his Discretion, give Leave of Absence to any Officer of the Court for any Period not exceeding Two Months in any Year, and shall have the like Power of making Provision for the Discharge of the Duties of the Office during such Absence.

XXXII. The Judge of the Court of Probate shall have and exercise, over Proctors, Solicitors, and Attorneys practising in the said Court, the like Authority and Control as is now exercised by the Judges of any Court of Equity or Common Law over Persons practising therein as Solicitors or Attorneys.

XXXIII. When any Requisition Bhall issue in pursuance of Section Ninety-six oft€ The Court of Probate Act, 1857," it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of such Moneys as may be provided and appropriated by Parliament for that Purpose, to cause to be paid all such Expenses attending the Arranging, Classification, Indexing, Carriage, or otherwise connected with the Removal of the Documents or Books required by such Requisition to be removed, as the Judge shall from Time to Time certify to the said Commissioners to be proper and necessary.

XXXIV. In calculating the Time of Service of any J udge of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland with reference to the Retiring Pension or Annuity to be granted to such Judge on the Resignation of his Office, the Period during which he shall have served as Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Probate in Ireland shall be allowed, in like and same Manner as if he had during said Period served as One of the J udges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland.

XXXV. Sections Nineteen and Twenty of the Chancery Appeal Court (Ireland) Act, 1856, so far as they refer to and include the Court of Prerogative in Ireland and the Judge thereof, shall be construed, deemed, and taken to refer to and include the Court of Probate in Ireland and the Judge thereof, in like and the same Manner as if the said Court of Probate in Ireland and the J udge thereof had been therein referred to and included, instead of the said Court of Prerogative in Ireland and the Judge thereof.

XXXVI. In citing this Act in any Instrument, Document, or Proceeding it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " Court of Probate Act (Ireland), 1859."

22° & 23° VICTORIA,

c. 32

71

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales. [13th August 1859.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Powers given to the Justices of the Peace in General or Quarter Sessions by Section Twenty-seven of* the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, and by Section Four of the Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, to alter from Time to Time the Extent of Police Districts, shall extend and be deemed to have extended to authorize the Union of Two or more Police Districts, with or without any other Alteration of Limits, or the Consolidation for Police Purposes of any such District or Districts with the rest or with any Part of their County.

II. No County Constable shall, as such Constable, be required to act in any Borough having a separate Police Establishment, except in Execution of Warrants of Justices of such County, or by the Order of his Chief Constable or Superintendent; and in all Cases of special Emergency the Chief Constable or Superintendent, when required so to do by the Watch Committee of any Borough having a separate Police Establishment, shall have Power to direct the County Constables to act within such Borough; and no Constable of any Borough having a separate Police Establishment shall as such Constable be required to act out of his Borough, except in Execution of Warrants of Justices of such Borough, or in pursuance of Directions from the Watch Committee in case of special Emergency.

III. No Chief or other Constable already appointed or hereafter to be appointed for any County, under the Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-three, or the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, or the said Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, shall during the Time he continues to be such Constable be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of any Person to any Municipal Office in any Borough within such County, or in any other Borough m which such Constable has Authority, nor shall any such Constable, by Word, Message, Writing, or in other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving, his Vote for the Choice of any Person to hold any Municipal Office in such Borough; and if any such Constable shall offend therein he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, by any Person who shall sue for the same within Six Months after the Commission of the Offence, and One Half of the Sum recovered shall be paid to the Person suing for the same, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the County, to be by him applied for the Purposes of the Police of the County.

IV. So much of Section Thirteen of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-three, as provides that every Constable who shall resign or withdraw himself without such Leave or Notice as therein mentioned shall be liable, on being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, to forfeit all Arrears of Pay then due to him, or to a Penalty not more than Five Pounds, shall be repealed; and in case any Constable under the said Acts of the Second and Third Years, Third and Fourth Years, and Nineteenth and Twentieth Yeara of Her Majesty, or any of them, shall resign or withdraw himself from his Duty without such Leave or IsTotice as is required by the said Section, such Besignation or Withdrawal shall be notified in Writing, by the Chief Constable or by the Superintendent under whom the offending Constable may have been placed, to the Treasurer of the County or the Paymaster of the Constabulary Force, and all Arrears of Pay then due to such Constable so resigning or withdrawing shall, without further Proceeding in respect of his Offence, be forfeited; and upon summary Conviction of such Offence before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County such Constable shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

V- So

Police Districts under 3 & 4 Yiot. c. 88. and 19 & 20 Vict, c, 69. may be consolidated or merged.

County Constables not to be required to act in any Borough,

County Constables not to vote in certain Municipal Elections.

Sect. 13. of 2 & 3 Vict, c. 93. amended

72

Limitation of Borough Watch Kate under 2 & 3 Vict, c. 28. and 3&4 Vict. c. 28. repealed.

Rates under said Acts not to exceed 8d. in the Pound.

11 & 12 Vict, c. 14. repealed.

Superannuation Fund to be provided for Constables.

Kates of Allowance from the said Fund.

22" & 23° VICTORI A, c.32.

V. So much of the Acts passed in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, for more equally assessing Watch Kates in certain Boroughs, and of the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, to explain and amend the previously mentioned Act, as provides that the Amount of Watch Rate to be levied by the Council of any Borough shall not exceed in any One Year the Rate or Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, or otherwise limits the Discretion of the said Council in relation to the Amount of such Rates, shall be repealed.

VI. The Watch Rates levied under the Authority of the said Act may be of any Amount, at the Discretion of the Council, not exceeding in any One Year the Suni of Eightpence in the Pound.

VII. The Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fourteen, " for authorizing a Borough Police Superannuation Fund," shall be repealed; but any Superannuation Fund created or applied under that Act shall be transferred to and form Part of the Superannuation Fund to be created or applied under this Act.

VIII. There shall be deducted from the Pay of every Constable belonging to the Police Force established in any Borough under the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, a Sum after such yearly Rate as the Council of the Borough may direct, not exceeding the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings in a Hundred Pounds for a Year, which Sum so deducted, and also the Moneys accruing from Stoppages from any of the said Constables during Sickness, and Fines imposed on any of the said Constables for Misconduct, and from any Portion of the Fines imposed by any Justice of the Peace upon drunken Persons, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, and from Moieties of Fines and Penalties awarded to Informers (being Police Constables) on summary Convictions as shall be directed by such Justice to be paid for the Benefit of this Fund, and all Moneys arising from the Sale of worn or cast Clothing supplied for the Use of the said Constables, shall from Time to Time be invested in such Manner as the Council may direct, and the Interest and Dividends thereof, or so much of the same as shall not be required for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, shall be likewise invested in the like Manner, and accumulate so as to form a Superannuation Fund, and shall be applied from Time to Time for Payment of such Superannuation or Retiring Allowances or Gratuities as may be ordered by the Watch Committee, as herein-after provided; and the Council shall guarantee the Security of the Superannuation Fund of their Borough, and make good out of the Borough Fund or the Borough Rates any Deficiency which may arise in such Superannuation Fund from the Default of any Treasurer or other Person intrusted with the Custody or Management thereof.

IX. It shall be lawful for the Watch Comifaittee of toy Borough, with the Approbation of the Council, to order that any of the said Constables who may be worn out or otherwise disabled from Infirmity of Mind or Body be superannuated, and receive thereupon, out of the Superannuation Fund, a yearly Allowance, subject to the following Conditions, and not exceeding the following Proportions; (that is to say,) if the Constable has served with Diligence and Fidelity for Fifteen Years and less than Twenty Years, an annual Sum not more than Half his Pay; if for Twenty Years or upwards, an annual Sum not more than Two Thirds of his Pay; provided that if he be under Sixty Years of Age it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance unless upon the Certificate of the Chief or Head Constable that the Constable to be superannuated is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office; provided also, that if any Constable be disabled, from any Wound or Injury received in the actual Execution of the Duty of his Office, it shall be lawful to grant him any Allowance not more than the whole of his Pay; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to entitle any Constable absolutely to any Superannuation Allowance, or to prevent his being dismissed without Superannuation Allowance.

X. It

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 32. 73

X. It shall be lawful for the Watch Committee of any Borough/if they think fit, with Power to grant the Approbation of the Council, and upon the Recommendation of the Chief or Head Gratuities to Constable, and upon his certifying that any Constable belonging to the Police Force of the c^^Jies Borough who has not served so long as Fifteen Years is incapable from Infirmity of Mind who have not or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office, to order that such Constable shall receive out Fifteen of the Superannuation Fund such Sum in gross as a Gratuity upon his Retirement as to the

said Watch Committee may seem proper.

XI. Any Fee payable to any Constable appointed for any Borough, for the Performance of any Act done in the Execution of his Duty as such Constable, shall be received in such Manner as the Watch Committee, subject to the Approbation of the Council, may direct, and shall be paid over to the Superannuation Fund.

XII. If at any Time the Superannuation Fund to be created under this Act for any Borough be found insufficient to pay the Allowances granted upon it, the Amount in which the Fund shall from Time to Time be found insufficient shall be made good from the Borough Fund, or where such Fund be inadequate then from the Borough Rates.

XIII. The Superannuation Fund created under this Act in any Borough shall vest in Superannua-the Treasurer of the Borough, and such Treasurer shall keep a separate Account of all ^on Sums of Money by him received and paid in respect of such Superannuation Fund or for ^gh*Trea-Superannuations, and of the several Matters for which such Sums have been received and surer, paid, and all Provisions concerning the keeping, auditing, and publishing, and otherwise in relation to the Accounts kept by such Treasurer, under the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, shall be applied to the Accounts kept under this Enactment.

XIY. That a Moiety of any Penalty imposed on summary Conviction by the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for further regulating the Sale of Beer and other Liquors on the Lord's Dayy and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof may be directed by the Justice imposing the Penalty to be

Eaid for the Benefit of the Superannuation Fund herein-before mentioned of the County or lorough, according as the Offence so punished shall be committed within the Limits of the County or Borough, and shall be invested and otherwise dealt with accordingly.

XY. Allowances heretofore granted to Constables, or which might have been granted to Constables appointed previous to the passing of this Act, under the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, shall be paid from the Superannuation Fund to be applicable under this Act; and all Constables now appointed in any Borough in which the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act are now in force shall be entitled to receive from the Superannuation Fund all such Allowances, payable at such Times, and with and under the same Rights and Conditions, as they would have been entitled to if this Act had not passed.

XVI. The Periods of Service during which Constables have been subjected to Deduc-tions from their Pay towards a Superannuation Fund under the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty shall, in determining what Superannuation Allowances may be granted to them, be reckoned and allowed to such Constables, and in the Case of Constables permanently appointed in any Borough for which no Superannuation Fund has been provided, and from whose Pay no such Deduction has been paid, One Half only of the respective Periods of Service of such Constables before the passing of this Act shall be reckoned or allowed to such Constables in determining what Superannuation Allowances may be granted under this Act.

XVII. On the Consolidation of the Police of any Borough with the Police of any Provision for County, under the Provisions of the Act of the Session holdeu in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, the Superannuation Allowance previously granted of County and 1 o any Borough Constable shall be charged on the Borough Fund or the Borough Rates o Borough 22 & 23 Vict * K the r°llce-

Moiety of Penalty on summary Conviction may be directed to be paid for the Benefit of Superannuation Fund.

Provision for Payment of Allowances heretofore granted.

Rights, Stc. under the repealed Act reserved.

How past

Services of existing Constables t o be reckoned for Superannuation Allowance.

Fees received by Constables of a Borough to be paid to the Superannuation Fund. Provision for Insufficiency of Superannuation Fund.

Justices may direct Police to' Jteep Order in Court of Assize.

On Promotion of Constables from one Force to another,

Half of past Service may be reckoned as Service in the latter Force.

General or Quarter Sessions of Counties, &c. may grant Gratuities to Widows of Constables dying in Service.

Act not to apply, as to Superannuate nFund, to Places where such a Fund already exists.

Superannuation Fund for the whole County of Lincoln to be One common Fund.

Brighton Watchmen's Superannuation Fund to be transferred to Brighton

22° & 23° VICTORIAE, c.32.

the Borough, and the Superannuation Allowance to be thereafter granted to any Borough Constable transferred under such Consolidation shall be charged upon the Superannuation Fund of the County; and in determining the Amount of any such Allowance the Period of Service of any such Constable in the Borough shall be reckoned as if the same had been in the County Police; and this Charge, and the Disposal of the Borough Superannuation Fund, shall form a Part of the Agreement to be entered into on the Consolidation,

XVIII. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, if they shall think fit, to direct that a sufficient Number of Police Constables of the said County shall be employed to keep Order in and within the Precincts of the Court of Assize, and the Chief Constable of the County shall thereupon employ a sufficient Number of such Constables for such Purpose, and in that Case it shall not be necessary for the High Sheriff to provide and maintain any Javelin Men, or other Men Servants with Liveries, at the Assizes, anything contained in the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty King Charles the Second, Chapter Twenty-one, notwithstanding.

XIX. In order to provide the most meritorious and fit Men to fill the superior Ranks in the Police, any Constable or Officer promoted from one Force to another, either of a County or a Borough, who shall have served in his last Force for a Period of Seven Years, shall, for the Purposes of Superannuation, reckon as Service in the Force to which he is promoted One Half of the Period of his previous Service, provided that the Promotion be made, in the Case of a County Constable, on the Recommendation of the Chief Constable, with the Sanction of the Court of Quarter Sessions, and in the Case of a Borough Constable on the Recommendation of the Head Constable of the Borough, with the Sanction of the Council, and that in both Cases the Service be formally certified at the Time of Promotion.

XX. The Court of General or Quarter Sessions for any County, and the Watch Committee, subject to the Approbation of the Council for any Borough, may, upon the Recommendation of the Chief or Head Constable, grant a Gratuity out of the Superannuation Fund of their County or Borough to the Widow of any Constable who has died in the Service, provided the Sum so granted do not exceed the Amount of One Year's Pay of such Constable, and that he have contributed to the Superannuation Fund for a Period of not less than Three Years.

XXI. None of the Provisions of this Act relating to a Police Superannuation Fund, or Contributions thereto or Payments thereout, shall apply to any County, City, or Borough in which a Police Superannuation Fund has at the Time of the passing of this Act been established under the Provisions of any Local Act now in force.

XXII. c Whereas the County of Lincoln is under Three separate Commissions of the c Peace, namely, Lindsey, Kesteven, and Holland, but is for Police Superintendence under e One Chief Constable, and it is found inconvenient and unjust that the Superannuation ‘ Fund should be separate Be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act the said Superannuation Fund shall be One common Account, so long as the Police Force for the said County of Lincoln shall be under the Direction of One Chief Constable for the Three Divisions; but if the said Force shall hereafter be separated under different Chief Constables, in that Case it shall be lawful to divide the said Superannuation Fund in proportion to the Number of Men for each Division of the said County of Lincoln at that Time serving in the said Force, the said Superannuation Fund to be under the Management of the Joint Committee for the Three Divisions, and invested by them from Time to Time.

XXIII. * And whereas under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the

* Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georye the Fourth, intituled An Act ‘ for the better regulating, paving, improving, and managing the Town of Brighthelmston in

* the County of Sussex, and the Poor thereof the Commissioners therein named appointed

* Watchmen under the Power of that Act to keep Watch and Ward within the Limits

* thereof

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.32. 75

* thereof (such Limits being the same as those of the Borough);  and such Watchmen were Folic* Super-

* sworn in as Constables, and such Watchmen contributed from their weekly Wages Sums to

* form a Fund in the Nature of a Police Superannuation Fund: And whereas Her present

* Majesty, by the Advice of Her Privy Council, by certain Letters Patent under the Great

* Seal of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the First Day of April in the Seven-

* teenth Year of Her Reign, granted that the Inhabitants of the said Town should be for € ever thereafter One Body Politic and Corporate, and should be called " The Mayor,

‘ " Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Brightonand should have perpetual < Succession and a Common Seal, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors of the said

* Borough have been duly e^jgted, and the Council thereof duly established, pursuant to the

* Charter: And whereas at theTFime when the said recited Charter of Incorporation came

* into operation within the Borough the said Fund amounted to a considerable Sum, which c was deposited in the Hands of Trustees, and had been invested by them in Government

* Securities, and the same now remains vested in such Securities: And whereas the Watch

* Committee of the Borough, on their first Appointment of Constables for the Borough, s appointed all the said Watchmen who were then in Office to be such Constables: And ‘ whereas, under the Powers and Provisions of an Act made and passed in the Session of ‘ Parliament held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

‘ intituled An Act for authorizing a Borough Police Superannuation Fund, the Council have

* established a Police Superannuation Fund in and for the Borough: And whereas it is V expedient that the Fund so contributed as aforesaid, and the Securities wherein the same

* is invested, should be added to the Borough of Brighton Police Superannuation Fund:' Bb it enacted, That the Fund so contributed as aforesaid by the Watchmen -appointed by the said Commissioners, and the Securities wherein the same is invested, and all Arrears of Dividends thereon, shall be and the same is hereby vested in the Treasurer of the said Borough for the Time being, and shall be transferred and paid to such Treasurer accord-, ingly, who shall hold the same as Part of the Police Superannuation Fund of the said Borough so as aforesaid established under the Authority of the said Act for authorizing a Borough Police Superannuation Fund.

XXIV. The Court of General or Quarter Sessions for any County, and the Watch Gratuities may Committee, subject to the Approbation of the Council for any Borough, may, upon the Recommendation of the Chief Constable of any County Police Force, or of the Super- go^Service intendent of the Police for the said Borough, grant to any Constable in the said County or to Police out Borough, out of the Police Rate or Borough Fund, a Gratuity in Money not exceeding of Police Kates, Three Pounds, in respect of and as a Reward for any meritorious Act done by the said c' Constable in the Execution of his Duty.

XXV. All the Penalties and Provisions of the Act passed in the Second and Third Embezzlement Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Four, "for more effectually preventing b^n^s^bles " Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Public Service of His Majesty," shall extend 2 & 3 and be applicable to Constables and other Persons employed in the Police of any County,' W. 4. c. 4. City, Borough, District, or Place whatsoever, in like Manner as to any Person employed in'

the Public Service of Her Majesty within the Meaning of that Act, and for all the Purposes of the said Act the Employment of Constable or any other such Employment in the Police shall be deemed an Employment in the Public Service of Her Majesty.

XXVI. The Chief Constable of any County Police Force, and the Watch Committee of Chief Consta-any City, Borough, District, or Place, is and are hereby empowered to suspend any ^e8^°Jered Constable, within their respective Jurisdiction, whom he or they , shall think remiss or Constables, negligent in the Discharge of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same; and the said Chief Constable or Watch Committee is and are hereby also empowered, at his or their Discretion,

to fine any such Constable in a Sum of Money not exceeding One Week's Pay, and to reduce the said Constable from a superior to an inferior Rank, such Fine and Reduction in Rank to be in addition to any other Punishment to which the said Constable may be liable; and all Punishment, Penalties, and Fines, such as above enumerated, heretofore imposed or

K 2 inflicted

Inspectors under 19 &

20 VicL c. 69. still entitled to Half Pay.

Kepeal cf Parts of 34 4Vict.c.88. as to Local Constables.

14 & 15 Vict, c. 38.

Provisional Orders confirmed.

22° & 23° VICTOKLE, c.32,33.

inflicted under Rules framed under and by virtue of the Third Section of the Act of the Second and Third Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, shall be deemed to have been legally imposed or inflicted.

XXVII. The Office or Employment of Inspector under the Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, shall not prevent the Holder thereof from receiving any Half Pay to which if he did not hold such Office or Employment he might be or become entitled.

XXVIII. That Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, and Eighteen of the Act, Third and Fourth Victoria, Chapter Eighty-eight, be repealed as far as relates to local Constables; provided that the Power of Justices of the County in General or Quarter Session assembled, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to settle Tables of Fees and Allowances, shall be retained as far as relates to the County Constabulary.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. [13th August 1859.]

* YV HERE AS, in pursuance of the Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, "to

‘ * * "facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain

* €t Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," certain Provisional Orders have been ‘ made for reducing the Rate of Interest on the Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the

* Tolls or Revenues of certain Turnpike Roads, and such Orders have been published in the

* London Gazette and in Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood of such Roads, and 6 the Dates of such Provisional Orders, and the Acts under which the Tolls or Revenues on € which such Debts are charged or secured are levied or raised, together with the Amount 6 to which the Rate of Interest on such Debts is to be reduced, and the Day from which i the Interest on such Debts is to be reduced by such Orders, are mentioned in the Schedule 4 to this Act, and the First and Second of the said Orders bearing Date in the Year One 4 thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight were made by the Right Honourable Spencer

* Horatio Walpole, who at the Date thereof was One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries ( of State, and the Third of the said Orders bearing Date in the Year One thousand eight

* hundred and fifty-nine was mode by the Right Honourable Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron

* Estcourt, who at the Date thereof was One of such Secretaries of State: And whereas it

* is expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be confirmed and made absolute:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Provisional Orders are hereby confirmed and made absolute, and shall be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions thereof had been expressly enacted by Parliament.

SCHE-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.33,34

77

SCHEDULE.

Date of Provisional Order. TITLE OF LOCAL ACT. Amonnt of Principal Debt. Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum. Interest to be reduced from the following Dates.

1858. £ s. d.

9 Nov. 1 & 2 G. 4. c. xvi., " An Act for continuing " the Term and altering and enlarging the " Powers granted by Two Acts of His late " Majesty, for repairing and widening the " Road from Skipton to the Turnpike Road " leading from Leeds to Ripon near Ockbeck " in the Township of Bilton-with-Harrogate, " and from thence to communicate with the " Road leading from Knaresborough to " Wethcrby, in the West Riding of the " County of York." 3,565 0 0 4/. per Cent. 24 June 1858.

21 Dec. 1859. 9 G. 4. c. lxxvii., " An Act to alter, amend, " and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of " several Acts relating to the Road from " Chester to Wrexham in the City and " County of Chester and the Counties of " Flint and Denbigh." 4,800 0 0 4/. per Cent. 31 Dec. 1858.

31 March 9 G. 4. c. lxxxiv., " An Act for more effectually " repairing the Dunstcr, Stowey, Watchet, " and Crowcombe Districts of the Minehead " Roads in the Counties of Somerset and " Devon; and for making and repairing " several other Roads communicating with " the same Districts of Road, or some of " them." 8,449 10 0 3/. per Cent. 1 Jan. 1859.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, concerning the University of Cambridge and the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

[13th August 1859-]

Vl/'HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, "to make further Provision for the " good Government and Extension of the University of Cambridge, of the Colleges therein, " and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at EtonAnd whereas by the said Act it was provided, that the Powers thereby conferred on the Commissioners for the Purposes of that Act should be in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to continue the same until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and no longer: And whereas Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, has continued the said Powers until the First Day of January One thousand

4 eight

19 & 20 Vict, c. S8.

Powers of the Commissioners continued until the 1st January' 1861.

Repeal of the University Statutes of Queen Elizabeth postponed to 1st January 1861.

Restriction on Effect of Licence to alien.

Restricted Operation of partial Licences.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 34, 35.

* eight hundred and sixty: And whereas it is expedient that the said Powers should be c further continuedBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Powers conferred on the said Commissioners by the said Act shall continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and all Powers which under the said Act might have been exercised by Colleges or other Bodies or Persons during the Continuance of the Ptfwers of the said Commissioners shall continue and may be exercised until the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

II. The Statutes made by Queen Elizabeth for the Government and Regulation of the said University, which by Section Forty-one of the said Act would be repealed after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or such or so much of them or of any of them as shall be unrepealed by any Statute made under the Authority of the said Act and this Act or either of them, shall continue in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and no longer.

CAP. XXXV,

An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees.

[13th August 1859.]

TIE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Leases.

I. Where any Licence to do any Act which without such Licence would create a Forfeiture, or give a Right to re-enter, under a Condition or Power reserved in any Lease heretofore granted or to be hereafter granted, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be given to any Lessee or his Assigns, every such Licence shall, unless otherwise expressed, extend only to the Permission actually given, or to any specific Breach of any Proviso or Covenant made or to be made, or to the actual Assignment, Under-lease, or other Matter thereby specifically authorized to be done, but not so as to prevent any Proceeding for any subsequent Breach (unless otherwise specified in such Licence); and all Rights under Covenants and Powers of Forfeiture and Re-entry in the Lease contained shall remain in full force and virtue, and shall be available as against any subsequent Breach of Covenant or Condition, Assignment, Under-lease, or other Matter not specifically authorized or made dispunishable by such Licence, in the same Manner as if no such Licence had been given; and the Condition or Right of Re-entry shall be and remain in all respects as if such Licence had not been given, except in respect of the particular Matter authorized to be done.

II. Where in any Lease heretofore granted or to be hereafter granted there is or shall be a Power or Condition of Re-entry on assigning or underletting or doing any other specified Act without Licence, and a Licence at any Time after the passing of this Act shall be given to One of several Lessees or Co-Owners to assign or underlet his Share or Interest, or to do any other Act prohibited to be done without Licence, or shall be given to any Lessee or Owner, or any One of several Lessees or Owners, to assign or underlet Part only of the Property, or to do any other such Act as aforesaid in respect of Part only of such Property, such Licence shall not operate to destroy or extinguish the Right of Re-entry in case of any Breach of the Covenant or Condition by the Co-Lessee or Co-Lessees, or Owner or Owners, of the other Shares or Interests in the Property, or by the Lessee or Owner of the rest of the Property (as the Case may be) over or in respect of such Shares or Interests or

remaining

79

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 35.

remaining Property, but such Right of Re-entry shall remain in full Force over or in respect of the Shares or Interests or Property not the subject of such Licence.

III. Where the Reversion upon a Lease is severed, and the Rent or other Reservation is legally apportioned, the Assignee of each Part of the Reversion shall, in respect of the apportioned Rent or other Reservation allotted or belonging to him, have and be entitled to the Benefit of all Conditions or Powers of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the original Rent or other Reservation, in like Manner as if such Conditions or Powers had been reserved to him as incident to his Part of the Reversion in respect of the apportioned Rent or other Reservation allotted or belonging to him.

Policies of Insurance.

IV. A Court of Equity shall have Power to relieve against a Forfeiture for Breach of a Covenant or Condition to insure against Loss or Damage by Fire, where no Loss or Damage by Fire has happened, and the Breach has, in the Opinion of the Court, been committed through Accident or Mistake, or otherwise without Fraud or gross Negligence, and there is an Insurance on foot at the Time of the Application to the Court in conformity with the Covenant to insure, upon such Terms as to the Court may seem fit

V. The Court, where Relief shall be granted, shall direct a Record of such Relief having been granted to be made by Endorsement on the Lease or otherwise.

VI. The Court shall not have Power under this Act to relieve the same Person more than once in respect of the same Covenant or Condition; nor shall it have Power to grant any Relief under this Act where a Forfeiture under the Covenant in respect of which Relief is sought shall have been already waived out of Court in favour of the Person seeking the Relief.

VII. The Person entitled to the Benefit of a Covenant on the Part of a Lessee or Mortgagor to insure against Loss or Damage by Fire shall, on Loss or Damage by Fire happening, have the same Advantage from any then subsisting Insurance relating to the Building covenanted to be insured, effected by the Lessee or Mortgagor in respect of his Interest under the Lease or in the Property, or by any Person claiming under him, but not effected in conformity with the Covenant, as he would have from an Insurance effected in conformity with the Covenant.

VIII. Where, on the bonA fide Purchase after the passing of this Act of a Leasehold Interest under a Lease containing a Covenant on the Part of the Lessee to insure against Loss or Damage by Fire, the Purchaser is furnished with the written Receipt of the Person entitled to receive the Rent, or his Agent, for the last Payment of Rent accrued due before the Completion of the Purchase, and there is subsisting at the Time of the Completion of the Purchase an Insurance in conformity with the Covenant, the Purchaser or any Person claiming under him shall not be subject to any Liability, by way of Forfeiture or Damages or otherwise, in respect of any Breach of the Covenant committed at any Time before the Completion of the Purchase, of which the Purchaser had not Notice before the Completion of the Purchase; but this Provision is not to take away any Remedy which the Lessor or his legal Representatives may have against the Lessee or his legal Representatives for Breach of Covenant.

IX. The preceding Provisions shall be applicable to Leases for a Term of Years absolute, or determinable on a Life or Lives or otherwise, and also to a Lease for the Life of the Lessee or the Life or Lives of any other Person or Persons.

Rentcharge^.

X. The Release from a Rentcharge of Part of the Hereditaments charged therewith shall not extinguish the whole Rentcharge, but shall operate only to bar the Right to recover any Part of the Rentcharge out of the Hereditaments released, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Rights of all Persons interested in the Hereditaments remaining unreleased, and not concurring in or confirming the Release.

Judgments.

Apportionment of Conditions of Re-entry in certain Cases.

Relief against Forfeiture for Breach of Covenant to insure in certain Cases.

When Relief granted the same to be recorded.

Court not to relieve any Person more than once in respect of the same Covenant, &c.

Lessor to have Benefit of an informal Insurance.

Protection of Purchaser against Forfeiture under Covenant for Insurance against Fire in certain Cases.

Preceding Provisions to apply to Leases for a Term of Years absolute, &c.

Release of Part ofLand charged not to be an Extinguishment

Release of I'art of Land charged not to affect Judgment

Mode of Execution of Powers.

Rale under Power not to be avoided by reason of mistaken Payment to Tenant for Life.

Devisee in Trust may raise Money by Sale, notwithstanding Want of express Power in the WilL

Powers given by last Section extended to Survivors, Devisees, &c.

22" & 23" VICTORIA c. 35.

Judgments.

XI. The Release from a Judgment of Part of any Hereditaments charged therewith shall not affect the Validity of the Judgment as to the Hereditaments remaining unreleased, or as to any other Property not specifically released, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Rights of all Persons interested in the Hereditaments or Property remaining unreleased, and not concurring in or confirming the Release.

Powers.

XII. A Deed hereafter executed in the Presence of and attested by Two or more Witnesses in the Manner in which Deeds are ordinarily executed and attested shall, so far as respects the Execution and Attestation thereof, be a valid Execution of a Power of Appointment by Deed or by any Instrument in Writing not testamentary, notwithstanding it shall have been expressly required that a Deed or Instrument in Writing made in exercise of such Power should be executed or attested with some additional or other Form of Execution or Attestation or Solemnity: Provided always, that this Provision shall not operate to defeat any Direction in the Instrument creating the Power that the Consent of any particular Person shall be necessary to a valid Execution, or that any Act shall be performed in order to give Validity to any Appointment, having no Relation to the Mode of executing and attesting the Instrument, and nothing herein contained shall prevent the Donee of a Power from executing it conformably to the Power by Writing or otherwise than by an Instrument executed and attested as an ordinary Deed, and to any such Execution of a Power this Provision shall not extend.

XIII. Where under a Power of Sale a bon& fide Sale shall be made of an Estate with the Timber thereon, or any other Articles attached thereto, and the Tenant for Life or any other Party to the Transaction shall by Mistake be allowed to receive for his own Benefit a Portion of the Purchase Money as the Value of the Timber or other Articles, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, upon any Bill or Claim or Application in a summary Way, as the Case may require or permit, to declare that upon Payment by the Purchaser, or the Claimant under him, of the full Value of the Timber and Articles at the Time of Sale, with such Interest thereon as the Court shall direct, and the Settlement of the said Principal Moneys and Interest under the Direction of the Court upon such Parties as in the Opinion of the Court shall be entitled thereto, the said Sale ought to be established; and upon such Payment and Settlement being made accordingly the Court may declare that the said Sale is valid, and thereupon the legal Estate shall vest and go in like Manner as if the Power had been duly executed, and the Costs of the said Application as between Solicitor and Client shall be paid by the Purchaser or the Claimant under him.

XIV. Where by any Will which shall come into operation after the passing of this Act the Testator shall have charged his Real Estate or any specific Portion thereof with the Payments of his Debts, or with the Payment of any Legacy or other specific Sum of Money, and shall have devised the Estate so charged to any Trustee or Trustees for the whole of his Estate or Interest therein, and shall not have made any express Provision for the raising of such Debt, Legacy, or Sum of Money out of such Estate, it shall be lawful for the said Devisee or Devisees in Trust, notwithstanding any Trusts actually declared by the Testator, to raise such Debts, Legacy, or Money as aforesaid by a Sale and absolute Disposition by Public Auction or Private Contract of the said Hereditaments or any Part thereof, or by a Mortgage of the same, or partly in one Mode and partly in the other, and any Deed or Deeds of Mortgage so executed may reserve such Rate of Interest and fix such Period or Periods of Repayment as the Person or Persons executing the same shall think proper.

XV. The Powers conferred by the last Section shall extend to all and every Person or Persons in whom the Estate devised shall for the Time being be vested by Survivorship, Descent, or Devise, or to any Person or Persons who may be appointed under any Power in the Will, or by the Court of Chancery, to succeed to the Trusteeship vested in such Devisee or Devisees in Trust as aforesaid.

XVL If

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 35. 81

XVI. If any Testator who shall have created such a Charge as is described in the Executors to Fourteenth Section shall not have devised the Hereditaments charged as aforesaid in such

Terms as that his whole Estate and Interest therein shall become vested in any Trustee or Money,"fc. Trustees, the Executor or Executors for the Time being named in such Will (if any) shall yhere there have the same or the like Power of raising the said Moneys as is herein-before vested in the Devisee or Devisees in Trust of the said Hereditaments, and such Power shall from Time to Time devolve to and become vested in the Person or Persons (if any)r in whom the Executorship shall for the Time being be vested; but any Sale or Mortgage under this Act shall operate only on the Estate and Interest, whether legal or equitable, of the Testator, and shall not render it unnecessary to get in any outstanding subsisting legal Estate.

XVII. Purchasers or Mortgagees shall not be bound to inquire whether the Powers Purchasers, conferred by Sections Fourteen, Fifteen, and Sixteen of this Act, or either of them, shall *c:nn®t.^"d have been duly and correctly exercised by the Person or Persons acting in virtue thereof. to PowersaS

XVIII. The Provisions contained in Sections Fourteen, Fifteen, and Sixteen shall not Sections u,

in any way prejudice or affect any Sale or Mortgage already made or hereafter to be made, ^5,an^^t under or in pursuance of any Will coming into operation before the passing of this Act, but certai^Saief, the Validity of any such Sale or Mortgage shall be ascertained and determined in all &c. nor to respects as if this Act had not passed; and the said several Sections shall not extend to a Fee

Devise to any Person or Persons in Fee or in Tail, or for the Testators whole Estate and orT^Taih ** Interest charged with Debts or Legacies, nor shall they affect the Power of any such

Devisee or Devisees to sell or mortgage as he or they may by Law now do.

Inheritance.

XIX. Where there shall be a total Failure of Heirs of the Purchaser, or where any Dascenthow Land shall be descendible as if an Ancestor had been the Purchaser thereof, and there shall be traced* be a total Failure of the Heirs of such Ancestor, then and in every such Case the Land shall descend and the Descent shall thenceforth be traced from the Person last entitled to the Laud as if he had been the Purchaser thereof.

XX. The last preceding Section shall be read as Part of the Act " For the Amendment Preceding " of the Law of Inheritance," of the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of plated wST King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and six. 3 & 4 w. 4.

c. 106.

Assignment of Personalty.

XXI. Any Person shall have Power to assign Personal Property, now by Law assignable, Assignment including Chattels Real, directly to himself and another Person or other Persons or Cor- and poration, by the like Means as he might assign the same to another.

Purchasers.

XXII. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred After Dec. 31, and fifty-nine the Provision for Re-registry of Judgments, Decrees or Orders, Rules or 1859, Provision Orders,, contained in the Act of the Session of the Second and Third Years of Queen Stained L*7' Victoria, Chapter Eleven, ns explained and amended by the Act of the Session of the 2 & 3 Vict. Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Fifteen, shall extend and fg y|ct apply to every such Judgment, Statute, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation, Specialty, or 15<> toappiy Acceptance of Office as is by Section Eight of the first-mentioned Act required to be to Crown registered, so that it shall be obligatory on the Crown, in order to bind the Lands, Tene- 1)ebt8* ments, or Hereditaments of its Debtors or Accountants, as against Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors becoming such after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, to re-register, in like Manner as it is obligatory on a private Person, and so that Notice of any such Judgment, Statute, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation,

Specialty, or Acceptance of Office, not duly re-registered, shall not avail against Purchasers,

Mortgagees, or Creditors becoming such after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, as to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and this Provision shall apply to every such Judgment, Statute, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation, Specialty, or Acceptance of Office as since the passing of the first-mentioned Act has 22 & 23 Vict. L been

Not to be bound to sed to the Application of Purchase Money.

Punishment of Vendor, &c. for fraudulent Concealment of Deeds, &c. or falsifying Pedigree.

Interpretation of Terms*

Trustee, &c. making Payment under Power of Attorney not to be liable by reason of Death of Party giving such Power.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 35.

been registered under the Provisions therein contained, or as shall hereafter be so registered: This Section shall not extend to Ireland.

XXIII. The bond fide Payment to and the Receipt of any Person to whom any Purchase or Mortgage Money shall be payable upon any express or implied Trust shall effectually discharge the Person paying the same from seeing to the Application or being answerable for the Misapplication thereof, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared by the Instrument creating the Trust or Security.

XXIV* Any Seller or Mortgagor of Land, ot of any Chattels, Real or Personal, or Choses in Action conveyed or assigned to a Purchaser, or the Solicitor or Agent of ally such Seller or Mortgagor, who shall after the passing of this Act conceal any Settlement, Deed, Will, or other Instrument material to the Title or any Incumbrance from the Purchaser, or falsify any Pedigree upon which the Title does or may depend, in order to induce him to accept the Title offered or produced to him, with Intent in any of such Cases to defraud, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being found guilty shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to suffer such Punishment, by Fine or Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, or by both, as the Court shall award, and shall also be liable to an Action for Damages at the Suit of the Purchaser or Mortgagee, or those claiming under the Purchaser or Mortgagee, for any Loss sustained by them or either or any of them in consequence of the Settlement, Deed, Will, or other Instruments or Incumbrance so concealed,! or of any Claim made by any Person under such Pedigree, but whose Right was concealed by the Falsification of such Pedigree; and in estimating such Damages, where the Estate shall be recovered from such Purchaser or Mortgagee, or from those claiming under the Purchaser or Mortgagee, regard shall be had to any Expenditure by them or either or any of them in Improvements on the Land; but no Prosecution for any Offence included in this Section against any Seller or Mortgagor, or any Solicitor or Agent, shall be commenced without the Sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney General, or in case that Office be vacant of Her Majesty's Solicitor General; and no such Sanction shall be given without such previous Notice of the Application for Leave to prosecute to the Person intended to be prosecuted as the Attorney General or the Solicitor General (as the Case may be) shall direct.

XXV. In the Construction of the previous Provisions in this Act the Term " Land " shall be taken to include all Tenements and Hereditaments, and any Part or Share of or Estate or Interest in any Tenements or Hereditaments, of what Tenure or Kind soever; and

The Term " Mortgage " shall be taken to include every Instrument by virtue whereof Land is in any Manner conveyed, assigned, pledged, or charged as Security for the Repayment of Money or Money's Worth lent, and to be reconveyed, re-assigned, or released on Satisfaction of the Debt; and

The Term " Mortgagor " shall be taken to include every Person by whom any such Conveyance, Assignment, Pledge, or Charge as aforesaid shall be made; and

The Term " Mortgagee " shall be taken to include every Peipon to whom or in whose Favour any such Conveyance* Assignment, Pledge, or Charge as aforesaid is made or transferred:

The Term "Judgment" shall be taken to include registered Decrees, Orders of Courts of Equity and Bankruptcy, and other Orders having the Operation of Judgments.

Trustees and Executors.

XXVI. No Trustee, Executor, or Administrator making any Payment or doing any Act bond fide under or in pursuance of any Power of Attorney shall be liable for the Moneys so paid or the Act so done, by reason that the Person who gave the Power of Attorney was dead at the Time of such Payment or Act, or had done some Act to avoid the Power, pro^ vided that the Fact of the Death, or of the doing of such Act as last aforesaid, at the Time of such Payment or Act bond fide done as aforesaid by such Trustee, Executor, or Administrator, was not known to him: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner affect or prejudice the Right of any Person entitled to the Money against

the

m

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 35.

the Person to whom such Payment shall have been made, but that such Pcrsoh so entitled shall have the same Remedy against siich Person to whom such Payment shall be made as he would have had against the Trustee, Executor, or Administrator if the Money had not been paid away under such Power of Attorney.

XXVII. Where an Executor or Administrator, liable as such to the Rents, Covenants, or Agreements contained in any Lease or Agreement for a Lease granted or assigned to the Testator or Intestate whose Estate is being administered, shall have satisfied all such Liabilities under the said Lease or Agreement for a Lease as may have accrued due and been claimed up to the Time of the Assignment hereafter mentioned, and shall have set apart a sufficient Fund to answer any future Claim that may be made in respect of any fixed and ascertained Sum covenanted or agreed by the Lessee to be laid out on the Property demised or agreed to be demised, although the Period for laying out the same may not have arrived, and shall have assigned the Lease or Agreement for a Lease to a Purchaser thereof, he shall be at liberty to distribute the Residuary Personal Estate of the Deceased to and amongst the Parties entitled thereto respectively, without appropriating any Part, or any further Part, fas the Case may be,) of the Personal Estate of the Deceased to meet any future Liability under the said Lease or Agreement for a Lease; and the Executor or Administrator so distributing the Residuary Estate shall not, after having assigned the said Lease or Agreement for a Lease, and having, where necessary, set apart such sufficient Fund as aforesaid, be personally liable in respect of any subsequent Claim under the said Lease or Agreement for a Lease; but nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Right of the Lessor or those claiming under him to follow the Assets of the Deceased into the Hands of the Person or Persons to or amongst whom the said Assets may have been distributed^

XXVIII. In like Manner, where an Executor or Administrator liable as such to the Rent, Covenants, or Agreements contained in any Conveyance on Chief Rent or Rent-charge (whether any such Rent be by Limitation of Use, Grant, or Reservation,) or Agreement for such Conveyance, granted or assigned to or made and entered into with the Testator or Intestate whose Estate is being administered, shall have satisfied all such Liabilities under the said Conveyance, or Agreement for a Conveyance, as may have accrued due and been claimed up to the Time of the Conveyance hereafter mentioned, and shall have set apart a sufficient Fund to answer any future Claim that may be made in respect of any fixed and ascertained Sum covenanted or agreed by the Grantee to be laid out on the Property conveyed, or agreed to be conveyed, although the Period for laying out the same may not have arrived, and shall have conveyed such Property, or assigned the said Agreement for such Conveyance as aforesaid, to a Purchaser thereof, he shall be at liberty to distribute the Residuary Personal Estate of the Deceased to and amongst the Parties entitled thereto respectively, without appropriating any Part or any further Part (as the Case may be) of the Personal Estate of the Deceased to meet any future Liability under the said Conveyance or Agreement for a Conveyance; and the Executor or Administrator so distributing the Residuary Estate shall not, after having made or executed such Conveyance or Assignment, and having, where necessary, set apart such sufficient Fund as aforesaid, be personally liable in respect of any subsequent Claim under the said Conveyance, or Agreement for Conveyance; but nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Right of the Grantor, or those claiming under him, to follow the Assets of the Deceased into the Hands of the Person or Persons to or among whom the said Assets may have been distributed.

XXIX. Where an Executor or Administrator shall have given such or the like Notices as in the Opinion of the Court in which such Executor or Administrator is sought to be charged would have been given by the Court of Chancery in an Administration Suit, for Creditors and others to send in to the Executor or Administrator their Claims against the Estate of the Testator or Intestate, such Executor or Administrator shall, at the Expiration of the Time named in the said Notices or the last of the said Notices for sending in such Claims, be at liberty to distribute the Assets of the Testator or Intestate, or any Part thereof, amongst the Parties entitled thereto, having regard to the Claims of which such Executor or Administrator has then Notice, and shall not be liable for the Assets or any Part thereof so distributed to any Person of whose Claim such Executor or Administrator

L 2 shall

As to Liability of Executot or Administrator in respect of Rents, Covenants, or Agrefeihents.

As to Liability of Executor, &c. in respect of Rents, &c. in Conveyances on Rents-charge.

As to Distribution of the Assets of Testator or Intestate after Notice given by Executor or Administrator.

Trustee, Executor, & c. may apply by Petition to Judge of Chancery for Opinion, Advice, &c. in Management, &c. of Trust Property.

Every Trust Instrument to be deemed to contain Clause* for the Indemnity and Reimbursement of the. Trustees.

As to Investments by Trustees.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

22° & 23° VICTORIAS,- c.3f>.

shall not have had Notice at the Time of Distribution of the said Assets or a Part thereof, as the Case may be; but nothing in the present Act contained shall prejudice the Right of any Creditor or Claimant to follow the Assets or any Part thereof into the Hands of the Person or Persons who may have received the same respectively.

XXX. Any Trustee, Executor, or Administrator shall be at liberty, without the Institution of a Suit, to apply by Petition to any Judge of the High Court of Chancery, or by Summons upon a written Statement to any such Judge at Chambers, for the Opinion, Advice, or Direction of such Judge on any Question respecting the Management or Administration of the Trust Property or the Assets of any Testator or Intestate, such Application to be served upon or the Hearing thereof to be attended by all Persons interested in such Application, or such of them as the said Judge shall think expedient; and the Trustee, Executor, or Administrator acting upon the Opinion, Advice, or Direction given by the said J udge shall be deemed, so far as regards his own Responsibility, to have discharged his Duty as such Trustee, Executor, or Administrator in the Subject Matter of the said Application; provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend to indemnify any Trustee, Executor, or Administrator in respect of any Act done in accordance with such Opinion, Advice, or Direction as aforesaid, if such Trustee, Executor, or Administrator shall have been guilty of any Fraud or wilful Concealment or Misrepresentation in obtaining such Opinion, Advice, or Direction; and the Costs of such Application as aforesaid shall be in the Discretion of the Judge to whom the said Application shall be made.

XXXI. Every Deed, Will, or other Instrument creating a Trust either expressly or by Implication shall, without Prejudice to the Clauses actually contained therein, be deemed to contain a Clause in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say, u That the Trus-" tees or Trustee for the Time being of the said Deed, Will, or other Instrument shall be €t respectively chargeable only for such Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities as they shall " respectively actually receive notwithstanding their respectively signing any Receipt for " the sake of Conformity, and shall be answerable and accountable only for their own Acts, " Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults, and not for those of each other, nor for any Banker, st Broker, or other Person with whom any Trust Monies or Securities may be deposited, nor " for the Insufficiency or Deficiency of any Stocks, Funds, or Securities, nor for any other " Loss, unless the same shall happen through their own wilful Default respectively; and " also that it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being of the said " Deed, Will, or other Instrument to reimburse themselves or himself, or pay or discharge " out of the Trust Premises all Expenses incurred in or about the Execution of the Trusts " or Powers of the said Deed, Will, or other Instrument/5

XXXII. When a Trustee, Executor, or Administrator shall not, by some Instruments creating his Trust, be expressly forbidden to invest any Trust Fund on Real Securities, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or on the Stock of the Bank of England or Ireland, or on East India Stock, it shall be lawful for such Trustee, Executor, or Administrator to invest such Trust Fund on such Securities or Stock; and he shall not be liable on that Account as for a Breach of Trust, provided that such Investment shall in other respects be reasonable and proper.

Extent of Act.

XX XIII. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.36.

85

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to alter the Stamp Duties payable upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences to exercise the Faculty of Physic, and to amend the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars.

[13th August 1859-]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VI/'E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United " Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, nave resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Stamp Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. € Whereas certain Stamp Duties contained in the Schedule to the Act passed in the ‘ Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eighty-€ four, are now payable upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration in England ( and Ireland, and upon Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court ‘ in Scotland, and are imposed by certain graduated Scales according to the Value of the ( Estate and Effects for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration ‘ are granted, or whereof such Inventory is exhibited or recorded, but such graduated Scales

* of Duty cease where such Value amounts to One million Pounds and upwards; and it is c expedient to extend and continue such Graduation of Duty as herein-after mentioned Be it enacted, That in lieu of the said Stamp Duties upon such Probates and Letters of Administration and Inventories respectively, where such Value as aforesaid shall amount to One million Pounds or upwards, there shall be charged and paid the following Duties respectively; that is to say,

For every One hundred thousand Pounds of the whole Value of such Estate and Effects, and any fractional Part of One hundred thousand Pounds,

Where the Deceased shall have left any Will or Testament or Testamentary Disposition of his Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects, the Stamp Duty of One thousand five hundred Pounds;

And where the Deceased shall not have left any such Will or Testament or Testamentary Disposition, the Stamp Duty of Two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds.

II. The Stamp of Fifteen Pounds for and in respect of the Admission or Licence of any Person by the College of Physicians in England or Scotland to exercise the Faculty of Physic, or practise as a Licentiate, granted by the said Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eighty-four, and the like Duty now payable in Ireland by and under an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. i And whereas an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of the late f King George the Third, Chapter Forty-one, intituled An Act for placing the Duties of

* Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, by € which certain Rates and Duties (now under the Care and Management of the Commis-€ sioners of Inland Revenue) are required to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty € Chapman, and other trading Person going from Town to Town or to other Mefi's Houses

* in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed; and every such Person is thereby required

* to take out a Licence as therein mentioned; and it is by the said Act provided, that c nothing therein contained shall extend to hinder the real Worker or Workers, Maker or c Makers, of any Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or their

* Children, Apprentices, or known Agents or Servants, usually residing with such real

* Workers

Graduated Scales of Stamp Duties oq Probates, &c. continued on Property above the Value of 1,000,000*.

The Stamp Duty on Licences to exercise the Faculty of Physic repealed.

Nothing in 50G.3.C.41. or 55 G.3. c. 71. to hinder Maker of Goods, or his Children, &c., from carrying abroad or exposing to Sale such Goods.

tower to Justices, on Conviction of a Hawker, to mitigate the Penalty to Qne Fourth.

Repeal of 3&4W.4, c. 101.

Lien for Freight payable before Delivery of Goods from Queen's Warehouse.

Goods under Bond for Exportation to he duly shipped.

Goods to he correctly stated in the Declaration on Shipping Bills.

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 36,37.

* Workers or Makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to Sale and selling by Retail

* or otherwise any of the said Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of his, her, or their own

* making, in any Mart, Market, or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate, and ‘ Market Town: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of

* King George the Third, Chapter Seventy-one, to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland,

* Licences chargeable with certain Duties (now likewise under the Care and Management c of the said Commissioners) are required to be taken out by every such trading Person in f Scotland, with a similar ProvisoBe it also enacted, That nothing in the said Two last-mentioned Acts respectively shall extend to hinder any such real Worker or Maker, or his Children, Apprentices, or known Agents or Servants aforesaid, from carrying abroad or exposing to Sale any of the said Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of his own making, at any Place whatever in Great Britain.

IV. Where any Person shall be convicted of an Offence under either of the aforesaid Acts relating to Hawkers and Pedlars whereby a pecuniary Penalty has become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace, or other Person before whom the Information or Complaint is heard, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, if he shall think fit so to do, to mitigate the Penalty to any Sum not less than One Fourth Part thereof, over and above the necessary Costs of the Proceedings to be allowed by him.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Customs.

[13th August 1859.]

T>E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Act of Third and Fourth William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and one, is hereby repealed.

II. Any Officer of the Customs having the Charge or Custody of any Goods which shall have come to his Hands under the Laws relating to the Customs is hereby authorized and empowered to refuse Delivery thereof from the Queen's Warehouse or other Place in which the same shall be deposited until Proof shall be given to his Satisfaction that the Freight due upon such Goods has teen paid.

III. If any Goods delivered from any Warehouse for Exportation, or for Removal from one Port to another in the United Kingdom, or otherwise, under any Bond required by the Laws relating to the Customs on the Exportation or Removal of such Goods, shall be illegally removed or carried away from any Carriage, Cart, Boat, Lighter, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, prior to the Shipment thereof on board the exporting or removing Vessel, or from any Ship, Cart, or Carriage in or on which the same shall have been shipped or laden, such Bond shall be forfeited, and may forthwith be put in Suit for the Penalty thereof, although the Time prescribed in such Bond for the landing or Removal and re-warehousing of such Goods at the Place of Destination shall not have expired.

IV. In addition to the Declaration upon the Shipping Bill required by the One hundred and twenty-fifth Section of " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," the Exporter or his Agent shall declare that the Quantity and Description of the Goods mentioned in any such Shipping Bill delivered by him in pursuance of the said Act are correctly stated, and the Declaration hereby required shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of such Shipping Bill, as fully as if the 6apae had been required by the said Act, and if the same shall be false in any Particular the Person making the same shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty founds.

V. Any

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 37.

V. Any Exporter of Goods who shall fail, either by himself or his Agent, to deliver to the Searcher a Shipping Bill, with Duplicates thereof, of the Goods exported by him, as prescribed by 'the One hundred and twenty-fifth Section of " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," and this Act, or who, having delivered such Shipping Bill and Duplicates, shall, in the event of the Goods or any Part thereof comprised therein not being duly shipped, in pursuance thereof, fail within Three Days after the final Clearance Outwards of the Ship in which such Goods were in such Shipping Bill entered to be shipped, to attend the proper Officer of Customs, either by himself or his Agent, and correct and make perfect such Shipping Bill, by striking out of the same such of the Goods entered therein as shall not have been shipped in pursuance thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

YI. If any Person shall cause to be imported Goods of one Denomination concealed in Packages of Goods of any other Denomination, or shall directly or indirectly cause to be imported or entered any Package of Goods as of one Denomination, but which shall afterwards be discovered, either before or after Delivery thereof, to contain other Goods subject to a, higher Rate or Amount of Duty than those of the Denomination by which such Package was entered, such Package and all Goods contained therein shall be forfeited, and every Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence g, Peqalty of One hundred Pounds, or treble the Value of the Goods contained in such Package at the Option of the Commissioners of Customs.

VII. (Whereas by Section Forty-three of " The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," it is

* enacted," that no Goods shall be deemed to be imported fropa any particular Place unless

* " they be imported direct from such Place, and shall have been there laden on board the g " importing Ship either as the first Shipment of such Goods or after the same shall have ‘ " been actually landed at such Place and by Section Seventy-seven of the same Act it € is further enacted, " that no Goods shall be entered as being of or from any British

* " Possession abroad (if any Benefit attach to such Distinction), (except as therein ‘ " excepted), unless the Master of the Ship importing the same shaft have delivered to the

* " Collector or Comptroller a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Plaoe ‘ " where such Goo'ds were taken on board of the due Clearance of such Ship from thence,

* " containing an Account of such Goods;" and by "The Customs Tariff Aot, 1855," g certain Goods of and from a British Possession are entitled to Entry upon Importation ‘ into the United Kingdom at a lower Rate of Duty than when imported from a Foreign c Country, but are, under the Provisions of Section Forty-three of " The Customs Consoli-s dation Act, 1853," required to be imported direct from the Place of Growth or Produce:

* And whereas it is expedient to relax the Provisions of the said Act in regard to Butter ( and Deals the Produce of Canada imported from thence into the United Kingdom via c Portland in the United States of America Be it therefore enacted. That, notwithstanding, anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary, it shall and may be lawful to import Butter and Deals into the United Kingdom from Canada vid Portland, under such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Commissioners of Customs may from Time to Time direct and appoint; and that such Goods so Imported shall be entitled to the same Privileges, and admissible at the same Rate of Duty, as if imported direct from Canada.

VIII. For the Removal of Doubts as to the Meaning and Application of the Word " Importer," as used in the Customs Acts, the Word " Importer " m any Act relating to the Customs is hereby declared to apply to and include any Owner or other Person for the Time being possessed of or beneficially Interested in any Goods imported into the United Kingdom, from the Time of the Importation thereof until they shall, on Payment of the Duties thereon or otherwise, be duly delivered or discharged from the Custody or Control of the Customs.

IX. In citing this Act in other Acts and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Customs Amendment Act, 1859."

87

Shipping Bills on Exportation to be delivered, and if not acted upon to be notified.

Penalty on fraudulent Import Entries and Concealments.

Butter and Deals from Canada may be imported via Portland.

Interpretation of Terms.

Short Title,

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.38.

51 G. 3. c. 118.

Sections 8 and 9 of the Act 51 G. 3. c. 118. repealed as to Men hereafter raised for the Militia.

Her Majesty may employ the present Militia making voluntary Offers beyond the limited Period of Interchange.

The Militia who volunteer may be employed in addition to the Proportion now limited.

Her Majesty may accept voluntary

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia. [13th August 1859.]

4 \1/HERE AS an Act was passed in the Fifty-first Year of King George the Third, ^ * * Chapter One hundred and eighteen, " to permit the Interchange of the British and ‘ " Irish Militias respectivelyand by Section Eight of that Act it was enacted, that no

* Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of British or Irish Militia should continue to serve in 4 Ireland or Great Britain respectively for any longer Period than Two Years successively,

* and that no greater Number than One Fourth Part of the Militia of Great Britain should f at any One Time be employed in Ireland, nor any greater Number than One Third Part ‘ of the Militia of Ireland be at One Time employed in Great Britain, except in case of ‘ Invasion or Rebellion, as therein mentioned; and by Section Nine of that Act it was 4 enacted, that no Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of British or Irish Militia, having once

* performed its Period of Service in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, should be again 4 liable to. serve in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, until the Expiration of Six or

* Four Years respectively, to be calculated from the Termination of such Period of Service,

4 except in case of Invasion or Rebellion as therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the Restrictions contained in the said Sections on the Interchange of the Militia in 4 different Parts of the United Kingdom should, except as to Persons now serving in the 4 Militia, be repealed, and that the Laws relating to the Militia should be otherwise 4 amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the* Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present * Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Persons who maybe commissioned, raised, and enrolled in and for the regular Militia in Great Britain and Ireland respectively at any Time after the passing of this Act, under any Act now in force or which may hereafter be in force for raising Men for the Militia, shall be liable to serve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during all or any Part of their Terms of Service in the Militia; and as respects' such Persons as aforesaid, Sections Eight and Nine of the said Act of the Fifty-first Year of King George the Third shall be repealed.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to employ, in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, beyond the Period of Two Years mentioned in Section Eight of the said Act, or before the Expiration of Six or Four Years mentioned in Section Nine of the said Act, such Part of the British and Irish Militia respectively raised before the passing of this Act, as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, so to extend their Services, and as Her Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland or by his or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said British or Irish Militia respectively, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to extend the Period of their Services in Ireland or Great Britain, as the Case may be, beyond the said Term of Two Years, or before the Expiration of the said Six Years or Four Years respectively, under such Rules and Regulations as Her Majesty may think fit and appoint.

III. In reckoning the One Fourth Part of the British Militia which may at one Time be employed in Ireland, or the One Third Part of the Irish Militia which may at one Time be employed in Great Britain, any Part of the present British or Irish Militia respectively which shall have volunteered to serve in Ireland or Great Britain respectively beyond the said Period of Two Years, or before the Expiration of such Six Years or Four Years, shall be excluded, and may be so employed in addition to such One Fourth Part or One Third Part of the same Militia, as the Case may be.

IV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to employ in any of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, and the Isle of Man, such Fart of the Militia now raised or hereafter

to

22"& 23° VICTORIA, c. 38. 89

to be raised in any Part of the United Kingdom as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified 9ffers of Mi-by their respective Commanding Officers, so to extend their Services, and as Her Majesty may f^^Channel think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as islands, aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland or by his or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia respectively, to propose to such Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps to extend their Services to the said Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, and Man, under such Rules and Regulations as Her Majesty may think fit and appoint.

V. No Person serving in the said Militia raised before the passing of this Act shall be Commanding compelled to make an Offer to serve or be engaged to serve, except by his own Consent, °,ffi^t0£y beyond the said Period of Two Years, or before the Expiration of the said Six Years or ^be voluntary. Four Years respectively, out of that Part of the United Kingdom in or for which he was enrolled; and no Person now serving, or hereafter serving in such Militia, shall be compelled to make an Offer to serve in the said Channel Isles9 or be engaged so to serve,

except by his own Consent; and no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Act any voluntary Offer previously to his having explained to every Person of the Militia offering so to serve that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

VI. Where under the Enactments respecting the Appointment of Adjutants in the Qualification

Militia in Ireland, Three Years Service in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or the Forces of i^i^n^and the East India Company is a Qualification, Five Years Service shall be required for Adjutants Great Britain hereafter to be appointed; and for the Qualification of Persons to be appointed Adjutants assimilated, in the Militia, as well in England and Scotland as in Ireland, Service in the Army of the Service in the East India Company and in Her Majesty's Indian Army or in either of them shall be Amytobea deemed equivalent to Service for the like Term in Her Majesty's Regular Army. Qualification.

VII. The Power vested in Her Majesty to direct the Militia of a County, Riding, or Powers vested Place in England to be united with a Militia of nny County, Riding, or Place adjoining, *n Her Majesty

. and the like Power vested in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland as to the Militia of a County MiHriMof C in Ireland, may be exercised not only where the Number of Militiamen required to be Counties raised for the County, Riding, or Place appears insufficient to be conveniently formed into extended, a separate Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, but also where the Number of Militiamen actually raised and serving for such County, Riding, or Place appears to Her Majesty or (in Ireland) to the Lord Lieutenant insufficient to be conveniently formed into or continued as a separate Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and in every Case where the Militia of Two or more Counties, Ridings, or Places are united, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty or (in Ireland) for the Lord Lieutenant to direct what Officers shall be appointed by the Lieutenants of such respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, and what Officers already appointed for the separate Militias shall serve in the United Militia, and generally to give such Orders and Directions in relation to the Organization of the United Militia as to Her Majesty or (in Ireland) to the Lord Lieutenant may seem convenient.

VIII. So much of the following Sections of the Acts passed in the Session holden in the Times and Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, videlicet, Chapter One hundred and xiSSng in five. Section Thirty-eight, Chapter One hundred and six, Section Forty-four, and Chapter Great Britain One hundred and seven, Section Seventeen, as provides for the Appointment of the Times to be appointed and Places of Training and Exercise of Militiamen in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, shall be repealed; and the Times and Places of Training and Exercise of the by the Lord Militiamen in England and Scotland respectively shall be appointed by Her Majesty, by Lieutenant. Order signified by One of Her Principal Secretaries of State; and the Times and Places

of Training and Exercise of the Militiamen in Ireland shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, by Order signified by his Chief or Under Secretary; and the Powers vested in the Lord Lieutenant under this and the preceding Section may be exercised by the other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

IX. Any Militia Volunteer who unlawfully absents himself during the whole of the TemofSer-Time of Training and Exercise in any Year, or during any Part of such Time exceeding

22 & 23 Vict. M Fourteen m

90

from annual Training to be fended.

Fraudulent Re-enlistment to be deemed Desertion.

Volunteer fraudulently re-enlisting to be subject to serve in any Regiment in which he has enlisted, and to be subject to Stoppages.

Deserters may be tried by Court-martia) or may be proceeded against summarily before Justices.

17 & 18 Vict c. 105. 8. 40.,

17 & 18 Vict, c. 106. s. 59., and 17 & 18 Vict c. 107. s. 23. repealed.

Application of Penalties.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 38.

Fourteen Days, shalj, whether he shall or shall not have been punished for his Offence, be liable to serve, after the Expiration of the Term for which he may have been enrolled, for an additional Vear for every annual Period of Training and Exercise from or during which he so absents himaelf; and in every such Case the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall make an Entry on the Roll in which such Volunteer is enrolled of his Absence as aforesaid, and such Entry shall be conclusive Evidence of the Fact of such Volunteer having so absented himself,

X. Any Militia Volunteer who before the Expiration of his Engagement as a Militiaman in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, enrols or offers to enrol himself in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia raised in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in the same Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, whether by the same or by different Names (save in the Way of lawful Renewal of his Engagement,) shall be deemed a Deserter.

XL Any Militia Volunteer who before the Expiration of his Engagement enrols or offers to enrol himself as aforesaid, may, by Order of the Secretary-at-War, be required to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in which he may have fraudulently enrolled or offered to enrol himself, and thereupon such Militia Volunteer shall be liable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps for the same Term and in the same Manner as if his Enrolment therein had been lawful, or he had been lawfully enrolled pursuant to his Offer; and such Order may be made upon any such Militia Volunteer in lieu of or in addition to any Punishment to which he may be otherwise liable, whether he may have been tried by a Court-martial or before a Justice of the Peace; and every such Offender shall forfeit all Bounty due or which would have become due to him, and shall be subjected to such Stoppages from his daily Pay, and for such Time, and to be applied in such Manner, as the Secretary-at-War may direct, to meet the Loss or Expense occasioned by the fraudulent Conduct of the Offender.

XII. Every Deserter from the Militia in any Part of the United Kingdom, and every Person who in respect of any Offence against the Militia Laws is deemed a Deserter, may, whenever he is apprehended, and whether his Term of Service shall or shall not have expired, be tried by a Regimental Court-martial, and punished in manner provided for the Punishment of Deserters by any Act in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War for the Time being in force, with regard to Persons subject to such Act and Article# of War who are tried by District Court-martial, but so that no Punislynent shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb; or such Deserter may, whenever he is apprehended as aforesaid or within One Month thereafter, be tried summarily by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in any Part of the United Kingdom where such Deserter may be when summary Proceedings against him are instituted, and upon summary Conviction before any such Justice or Justices shall forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Forty Shillings and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and in default of Payment shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not less than Two Months and not exceeding Six Months; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to direct in which of the aforesaid Modes any such Deserter shall be tried.

XIJI. Section Forty of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five; Section Fifty-nine of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six; and Section Twenty-three of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, shall be repealed.

XIV. All Penalties imposed by this Act upon Militiamen (except the Stoppages from Pay herein-before provided for, and except the Deductions from Bounty which shall be brought to Public Credit,) shall be paid to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia to which the Offenders belong, and shall be made and accounted for as Part of the Public Stock of such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps respectively.

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c.39.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

[13th Avgust 1859-]

1 YI^HEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of Her Majesty, Chapter ‘ * * Three, Power was given to the East India Company to raise Money by Bonds and

‘ Debentures to the Extent of Eight Millions: And whereas by an Act passed in the last

* Session, Chapter Eleven, Power was given to the Secretary of State in Council of India ‘ to raise Money by Bonds and Debentures to the Extent of Seven Millions: And whereas

* it is expedient that the Secretary of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise a

* further Sum of Money in the United Kingdom on the Credit of the Revenues of India:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council of India, at any Time or Times before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or, if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Government of India, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Five Millions, and such Sum or Sums may be raised by the Creation and Issue of Bonds or Debentures, or Capital Stock bearing Interest, or Annuities, pr partly by one of such Modes and partly by another or others.

II. All Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act, or hereafter issued under the Authority of either of the recited Acts, may be issued under the Hands of Two Members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India, or One of his Under Secretaries, or his Assistant Under Secretary, and shall be for such respective Amounts, payable after such Notice, and at such Rate or Rates pf Interest, as the said Secretary of State in Council may think fit.

III. All Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act, or hereafter issued under the Authority of either of the recited Acts, may be issued under the Hands of Two Members of the Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective Amounts and at such Rate or Rates of Interest as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such Prices and on such Terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council.

IY. All Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act shall be paid off at Par, at a Time or Times to be mentioned in such Debentures respectively; and the Interest on all such Debentures shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be mentioned therein; and the Principal Moneys and Interest secured by such Debentures, and by all Debentures issued under the Authority of either of the said recited Acts, shall be payable either at the Treasury of the Secretary of State in Council in London^ or at the Bank of England.

Y. All or any Number of the Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act, and all Right to and in respect of the Principal and Interest Moneys secured thereby, shall be transferable either by the Delivery of such Debentures respectively, or, at the Discretion of the Secretary of State in Council, by Deed; provided that the Coupons for Interest annexed to any Debenture issued under the Authority of this Act or under the Authority of either of the recited Acts shall pass by Delivery.

VI. Any Capital Stock created under the Authority of this Act shall bear such a Rate of Interest, and any Annuities to be created under the Authority of this Act shall be at such Rate per Cent per Annum, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and such Capital Stock and such Annuities may be issued on such Terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council; and any such Capital Stock may bear Interest during such Period, and be paid off at Par at such Time, as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the Issue of such Capital Stock; . and such Annuities may be

M 2 terminable

91

Power to the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise any Sum not exceeding Five Million^.

Bonds may be issued under the Hands of Two Members of the Council, countersigned by Secretary of State, &c.

Debentures may be issued.

As to Payment

of Principal and Interest on Debentures.

Debentures transferable by Delivery or Deed;

Coupons by Delivery.

Capital Stock and Annuities may be created and issued.

Transfer Books of such Capital Stock and Annuities to be kept.

Annuities

Personal

Estate.

The whole Amount charged on Revenue of India not to exceed Five Millions.

Power to raise Money for Paytaent of Principal Money.

Securities, &c. to be charged on Revenues of India.

Provision as to Composition for Stamp Duties on India Bonds extended to Bonds and Debentures under this Act.

Forgery of Debentures to be punishable as Forgery of East India Bonds.

Returns to be annually prepared of

22° & 2.3" VICTORIA, c. 39.

terminable at such Period as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the Issue of such Annuities.

VII. In case of the Creation and Issue of any such Capital Stock or of any such Annuities, there shall be kept, either at the Office of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England, Books wherein Entries shall be made of the said Capital Stock and Annuities respectively, and wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the same respectively, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and no other Mode of assigning or transferring the said Capital Stock or the said Annuities, or any Part thereof respectively, or any Interest therein respectively, shall be good and available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers or any of them.

VIII. All Annuities created and issued under the Authority of this Act shall be deemed and taken to be Personal and not Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or entitled thereto, and not to the Heir-at-Law, nor be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise.

IX. The whole Amount of the Principal Moneys to be charged on the Revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed Five Millions; and no Money shall be raised or secured under the Authority of this Act after the said Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, or if Parliament be then sitting, after the End of the then Session of Parliament, save for or upon the Repayment of Principal Moneys previously secured under this Act, as herein-after provided.

X. Upon or for the Repayment of any Principal Money secured under the Authority of this Act or under the Authority of either of the recited Acts, the Secretary of State in Council may at any Time borrow or raise, by all or any of the Modes aforesaid, all or any Part of the Amount of Principal Money repaid or to be repaid, and so from Time to Time as all or any Part of any Principal Money under this Act or either of the recited Acts may require to be repaid, but the Amount to be charged upon the Revenues of India shall not in any Case exceed the Principal Money required to be repaid.

XI. All Bonds and Debentures to be issued under this Act, and the Principal Moneys and Interest thereby secured, and all Capital Stock to be issued under this Act, and the Interest thereon, and all Annuities to be issued under this Act, shall be charged on and payable out of the Revenues of India, in like Manner as other Liabilities incurred on account of the Government of the said Territories.

XII. The Provisions contained in Section Four of the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, with respect to the Composition and Agreement for the Payment by the East India Company of an annual Sum in lieu of Stamp Duties on their Bonds, and the Exemption of their Bonds from Stamp Duties, shall be applicable with respect to the Bonds and Debentures to be issued under the Authority of this Act, as if such Provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

XIII. All Provisions now in force in anywise relating to the Offence of forging, or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India Bond, with Intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any Debenture issued under the Authority of this Act, as well as to and in respect of any Bond issued under the same Authority.

XIV. Provided always, That on or before the First Day of February in each Year the said Secretary of State in Council shall prepare or cause to be prepared a Return of all

Moneys

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 39,40.

Moneys raised on Loan under the Provisions of this Act, also a Return of all Stocks, Loans, Debts, and Liabilities then chargeable on the Revenues of India, at home and abroad, up to the latest Period of Time to which such Return can be made out: That all such Returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or before the First Day of February in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented within Ten Days of the First Meeting of Parliament after the First Day of February in each Year.

XV. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any Power of raising or borrowing Money vested in the said Secretary of State in Council at the Time of passing thereof.

< CAP. XL.

An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same. [13th August 1859.]

* YV7 HERE AS it is expedient that there should be a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen c * * for Service in Her Majesty's Fleet in Time of Emergency, and that the Seamen ‘ composing such Force should be duly entered and trained:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for exacting the Office of Lord High Admiral, to raise and from Time to Time to keep up a Number of Men not exceeding Thirty thousand, to be called " The Royal Naval Volunteers," such Men to be raised by voluntary Entry from among seafaring Men and others who may be deemed suitable for the Services in which such Volunteers may be employed, and to be so raised and entered at such Times and in such Places in the United Kingdom and the Islands of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, or any of them, by such Persons and in such Manner as the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct.

II. Every Volunteer raised under this Act shall be entered for the Term of Five Years, and shall continue subject as a Volunteer to the Provisions of this Act during such Term, and no longer, save as herein after otherwise provided; and at the Expiration of every Fifth Year of the Period of his Service as a Volunteer he shall be entitled to claim his Discharge, save as herein-after provided; but when any Volunteer shall be entitled to claim his Discharge as aforesaid, he shall continue liable to the Provisions of this Act until actually discharged from such Volunteers by the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners, or by some Officer duly appointed by him or them to give such Discharges.

III. The Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may cause all or any of the Volunteers under this Act to be instructed, trained, and exercised on shore or on board any Ships or Vessels, or partly on shore and partly on board any Ships or Vessels; and for the Purpose of such Instruction, Training, and Exercise all or any of such Volunteers may be called out, and may be required to attend at such Times and Places, and may be placed under the Command of such Officers as the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may think fit, and may form Part of and be under the like Command as the respective Crews of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War which the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may see fit to cause them to join: Provided always, that no Volunteer shall under this Enactment be required to attend Instruction, Training, and Exercise more than Twenty-eight Days in the whole in any One Year.

IV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, on such Occasions a9 She shall deem fit (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament if Parliament be sitting, or declared in

Council

93

Moneys raised on Loan, &c., and presented to Parliament

Saving Towers of the Secretary of State in Council.

Power to Admiralty to raise " Royal Naval Volunteers," not to exceed 30,000 Men.

Term of

Service.

Volunteers may be trained and exercised for 28 Days in each Year, and on shore or on board Ship.

Her Majesty may order the Volunteers to

be tailed into actual Service.

Volunteers to be called into actual Service accordingly.

Volunteers to serve in Navy Three Years.

The Service of Volunteers in actual Service may be extended Two Years by Proclamation.

Volunteers whose Services are extended entitled to extra Pay.

As to serving in the Navy at Intervals.

Volunteers when called out to be victualled in the same Manner as Seamen of the Fleet.

Volunteer exempt from Militia and from being a. Peace or Parish Officer;

22° A 23° VICTORIA, c. 40.

Council and notified by Proclamation if Parliament be not sitting or in being,) to order and direct that the Volunteers under thi9 Act, or so many or such Part of them as Her Majesty may deem necessary, shall be called into actual Service.

V. Whenever Her Maiesty shall as aforesaid order all or any Number or Part of the Volunteers under this Act to be called into actual Service, the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall cause the said Volunteers, or such Number or Part of them as Her Majesty may have ordered, to be called into actual Service accordingly; and the Volunteers so called into actual Service shall be liable to serve on shore or on board any Ships or Vessels, or partly on shore and partly on board any Ships or Vessels, as the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may direct; and such Volunteers shall be placed under the Command of such Officers as the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may direct, and where he or they may so direct, shall form Part of the Crews, and be under the like Command as the respective Crews of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War which the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may see fit to cause them to join; and every such Volunteer so called into actual Service shall be liable to such Service for the Term of Three Years from the Time of his coming into actual Service, and at the Expiration of such Period he shall be entitled to be discharged from actual Service: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in case She see fit, on any Emergency by Proclamation to declare that such Volunteers as may at the Date of such Proclamation be in actual Service as aforesaid shall continue in such actual Service for the Period of Five Years from the Date of their respectively coming into actual Service, if their Services be so long required, and such Volunteers shall not be entitled to claim their Discharge during such Period, and every such Volunteer who may be in actual Service at the Date of such Proclamation shall be liable to such Service accordingly; and every Volunteer whose Period of actual Service is extended under or in consequence of such Proclamation shall, beyond Three Years from the Date of his coming into actual Service, be entitled to receive. for his Services during the extra Period for which they are required beyond such Three Years Twopence per Day in addition to his ordinary Pay: Provided also, that in case any such Volunteer be called into actual Service, and shall be detained in such Service for a Period of less than Five Years, he shall, during the Period of Five Years from the Date of his joining the Royal Naval Volunteers, be liable from Time to Time to be again called into actual Service, and to serve therein for such Period as with his former actual Service will make up a Period of Five Years actual Service, but after Three Years actual Service, either continuously or from Time to Time during his Engagement as a Royal Naval Volunteer, he will be entitled as aforesaid to Twopence per Day, in addition to his ordinary Pay, for the Period of his actual Service beyond Three Years.

VI. The Volunteers under this Act shall, for such Time as they shall be called out for, and shall attend Instruction, Training, and Exercise, be victualled in the same Manner as Seamen of the Fleet; or if trained on shore and not victualled, they shall be entitled to a Money Allowance in lieu of Provisions, at such Rate per Diem each as may be established on this Behalf by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral; and for such Time as they shall be in actual Service under this Act they shall be entitled when on shore or afloat to the Pay and other Advantages of Petty Officers or Seamen in the Royal Navy entered for Ten Years continuous and general Service, according to the Ratings which they may be found qualified to fill; and they shall be entitled to such Conduct Money in respect of travelling to and from any Place at which they may be required to attend for Instruction, Training, and Exercise, or for the Purpose of entering into actual Service as aforesaid, as may be allowed by the Regulations made under this Act: Provided always, that any such Volunteer who may be appointed, and be or perform the Duties of a Petty Officer, shall be entitled to the Pay and Allowances of a Petty Officer in the Royal Navy of the same Rank, in lieu of the Pay and Allowances of an Able Seaman in the Navy.

VII. Every Volunteer under this Act shall, while he shall be such Volunteer, be exempt from Service in the Militia, and from serving as a Peace or Parish Officer, and upon his entering the Royal Naval Volunteers he shall cease to be a Royal Naval Coast Volunteer,' if

then

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 40.

then belonging to that Force; and every such Volunteer shall under such Regulations as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may from Time to Time establish, be eligible for Admission into the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and be thereupon entitled to the same Privileges and Advantages as Men who are, or may be, or have been in Her Majesty's Navy.

VIII. All Provisions for the Time being in force for and in relation to the billeting of the Royal Marines shall extend and be applicable to the Volunteers under this Act during such Time as they shall attend Instruction, Training, and Exercise, or be in actual Service; and all Powers and Authorities for or in relation to the billeting of the Royal Marines, which may be exercised by any Colonel, Commandant, or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, may, for the Purpose of billeting such Volunteers, be exercised by any Officer in the Royal Navy holding the Rank of Commander, or any higher Rank authorized in this Behalf by the Regulations made under this Act.

IX. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, from Time to Time to make Regulations as to the Sums to be paid to Volunteers under this Act, by way of periodical Payment or Allowance, in consideration of their entering under this Act, and to Volunteers or Persons who may have served as Volunteers, in consideration of their re-entering under this Act, such periodical Payment or Allowance, during the Term of Service for which the Volunteer is entered, to be paid in such Portions, at such Times, by such Persons, and under such Conditions as the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners may from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that such periodical Payments shall be paid in the United Kingdom, or in the Islands of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, and nowhere else, and only to the Volunteer himself, and not to his Attorney, Agent, or Assign.

X. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to grant Pensions to Volunteers under this Act, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners to make Regulations as to the Amount, the Time or respective Times, and the Manner of the Payment of such Pensions, and at what Ages such Pensions shall be payable: Provided always, that any Pension conferred under this Act shall be paid to the Pensioner himself only, and not to his Agent, Attorney, or Assign.

XI. Whenever any Emergency shall arise which, in the Opinion of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lora High Admiral, renders it advisable to require the Services in Her Majesty's Navy of any of the Persons who may have been pensioned, and be in the Receipt of Pensions, under this Act, it shall be lawful fbr such Lord High Admiral or Commissioners to order any of such Persons to join Her Majesty's Navy; and those so ordered shall join such of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War as the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, and shall form the Crews or Parts of the Crews of such Ships or Vessels, and shall continue to serve in Her Majesty's Navy during such Time as such Emergency may in the Opinion of the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners continue; and while so serving shall be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances, according to their respective Ratings on board such Ships or Vessels, as Petty Officers in Her Majesty's Navy and Men in Her Majesty's Navy entered for Ten Years continuous and general Service, and shall also continue to receive their Pensions.

XII. All the Law's and Customs for the Time being in force for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and applicable to any Person in or belonging to the Fleet, or to any Person being in actual Service and Full Pay, and Part of the Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall be applicable in like Manner to every Person pensioned under this Act during such Period as he shall be in actual Service, either on board any Ship or Vessel or otherwise under this Act; and every such Person as aforesaid required to serve in the Navy under this Act who shall not at or within such Time as may be appointed by any Order of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the

95

and, under certain Regulations, eligible for Greenwich Hospital.

Provisions relating to billeting Marines to extend to Volunteers.

Admiralty to make Regulations as to Sums to be paid to Volunteers for entering or reentering under this Act.

Admiralty to grant Pensions to Volunteers.

In Cases of Emergency Pensioners to join Her Majesty's Navy.

Laws and Customs in force for the Government of Her Majesty's Fleet to be applicable to Pensioners while on actual Service.

22" &. 23" VICTORIA, c. 40.

Office of Lord High Admiral, made under this Act, appear for the Purpose of entering into actual Service, or join any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels which he may be required to join for that Purpose, shall be liable to be apprehended and punished in the same Manner as any Person belonging to Her Majesty's Navy, and deserting or improperly absenting himself from Duty.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, from Time to Time to make Regulations as to the Manner or Form in which Volunteers under this Act shall be entered to serve; and generally as to the entering and re-entering of Men as such Volunteers; and as to the Arms, Clothing, and Accoutrements with which such Volunteers are to be provided; and for forming such Volunteers into Divisions or Classes, or other Bodies, and assigning Numbers to them; and as to the Manner in which Notices of the Times and Places at which such Volunteers may be required to attend Instruction, Training, and Exercise; and for the Purpose of their entering into actual Service under the Provisions of this Act; and for securing and enforcing the Attendance, good Conduct, and Discipline of and among such Volunteers; and for imposing Fines or Forfeitures of Pay, Allowances, or Pensions for Misconduct and Breach of Discipline or of any such Regidations; and as to the Pay and Allowances to Officers commanding such Volunteers; and generally as to all other Matters and Proceedings under this Act.

Admiralty may XIV. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Volunteers. Office of Lord High Admiral, in his or their Discretion at any Time to discharge any of the Volunteers raised under this Act.

Admiralty to make Regula* tions as to the Manner or Form in which Volunteers shall be entered to

Laws relating to the Government of the Navy extended to Volunteers during Exercise, and to such Volunteers and others when in actual Service.

Pen ilt yon joining the Forces as a new Volunteer more than once during the same Period.

Information to be transmitted by Shipping-master.

XV. All the Laws and Customs for the Time being in force for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and applicable to any Person in or belonging to the Fleet, or to any Person being in actual Service and Full Pay, and Part of the Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, shall be applicable in like Manner to every Volunteer under this Act during such Period as he shall be on board any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of Instruction, Training, and Exercise, or shall be otherwise under Instruction, Training, and Exercise; and to every such Volunteer during such Time as he shall be in actual Service either on board any Ship or Vessel or otherwise under this Act; and to all Officers having any Command over any such Volunteers during the Time of Instruction, Training, and Exercise, or while in actual Service; and the said Volunteers under this Act shall while in actual Service have the same Privileges of making Allotments of Wages and of making Remittances, and otherwise have the Benefit of and be subject to the Provisions of the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy in like Manner as Officers and Men of their respective Ratings in Her Majesty's Navy; and the Laws concerning the Discharge of Seamen serving on board Her Majesty's Ships, and becoming entitled to be discharged, shall be applicable to and for the Discharge of any of the said Volunteers.

XVI. If any Person shall enter or attempt to enter the Royal Naval Volunteers as a new Volunteer more than once during the whole or any Part of the same Period of Service, he shall for every such Act forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XVII. Every Shipping-master acting under "The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854," shall give all the Assistance in his Power towards carrying into effect the Objects of this Act in such Manner as the Board of Trade, at the Instance of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, may direct; and every such Shipping-master shall for this Purpose have the Power to call for such Answers or Information concerning Reserve Men from the Masters of and other Persons belonging to British Merchant Ships as may be necessary or desirable in order to enable him to render such Assistance as aforesaid, or to make any Returns which the Board of Trade or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may require; and every Master of or other Person belonging to a British Merchant Ship, who when duly called on by the Shipping-master, omits or refuses to give any such Answer or Information as aforesaid which it is in his Power to give, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. In

4.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 40. 97

XVIII. In case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person enlist any Man to serve in Her Enlistment of Majesty's Regular Forces, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or in the Militia, or in the ^er thj^Act Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, who at the Time of such enlisting is entered to serve as a inHerMa-Volunteer under this Act, such enlisting shall be null and void; and in case any Person enter jesty's Regular any Man to serve as a Volunteer under this Act who at the Time of such entering is en- Jn

rolled to serve in the Militia, or belongs to the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, such entering the Militia, or shall be null and void; and any such Volunteer under this Act offering himself to be Naval Coast enlisted in Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or who shall Mi-

be enlisted or enrolled or offer himself to be enlisted or enrolled as a Militiaman, or to serve litia as Naval in the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, and every Militiaman or any Royal Naval Coast Coast Volun-Volunteer offering himself to be entered as a Volunteer under this Act, shall, on Conviction be

thereof, upon the Oath of One Witness before any Justice of the Peace in or near to the void.

Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen punishment to be, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceed- of Persons ing Six Months; and any Officer or other Person knowingly enlisting or enrolling any offendmg-Volunteer under this Act to serve in Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or in Her Majesty3^

Indian Forces, or in the Militia, or in the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, or knowingly entering any Militiaman or Royal Naval Coast Volunteer to serve as a Volunteer under this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds:

Provided always, that Men may, on their Application to that Effect, be discharged by proper Authority from the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers to be enrolled as Volunteers under this Act.

XIX. Any Volunteer under this Act who shall sell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Penalty on sell-Clothes, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, Slops or Necessaries, or any of such Articles provided for him under this Act, or refuse or neglect to return the same in good Order to Volunteers, any Person appointed by or under the Authority of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to receive the same, shall for every s ch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds $ and every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, receive in pledge, or otherwise receive or conceal any Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, or Slops or Necessaries belonging to any such Volunteer or provided for him under this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the treble Value of all or any of the Articles so bought, taken in exchange, received, or concealed; and if any Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority, that there is reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any such Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, or Ammunition, or Slops or Necessaries, such Justice or Person may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, and Ammunition, and Slops and Necessaries, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Articles shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, or any Person aiding him therein, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession or upon whose Premises the same shall be found before such Justice or Person, to be dealt with according to Law.

XX. Every Volunteer under this Act, unless absent from the United Kingdom, in conformity with the Regulations that may be made at any Time or Times by the aforesaid Lord High Admiral or Commissioners, or labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him, who shall not attend at any Time and Place, or on board the Ship at or on board of which he shall be appointed to attend or join for the Purpose of Instruction, Training, and Exercise, according to the Provisions of this Act, Notice of his being required so to attend or join having been given in such Manner as may be provided by any Regulations made under this Act, and any Volunteer who having so attended or joined afterwards deserts or absents himself during the Time of such Instruction, Training, and Exercise, shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Penalty on Volunteer for not attending Training and Exercise.

XXI. If any such Volunteer (being in the United Kingdom, and not labouring any Infirmity incapacitating him) required to serve in the Navy under this Act shall 22 & 23 Vict. N

under not at or

Persons not attending when called into

98

actual Service may be apprehended and punished as Deserters from the Navy.

Penalty for inducing Volunteers to absent themselves, or harbouring or employing Volunteers absenting themselves.

Recovery of Penalties.

Summary

Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict C. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 40.

or within such Time as may be appointed by any Order of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral made under this Act, appear for the Purpose of entering into actual Service, or join any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels which he may be required to join for that Purpose, every such Person so offending shall be liable to be apprehended and punished in the same Manner as any Person belonging to Her Majesty's Navy deserting or improperly absenting himself from Duty.

XXII. Every Person who by Words or other Means shall persuade any Volunteer under this Act to desert from the Royal Naval Volunteers, or to be improperly absent from his Duty, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Act, and every Person who shall assist or procure any such Volunteer to desert, or to be improperly absent as aforesaid, or shall conceal or employ or continue to conceal or employ any such Volunteer, knowing him to be such a Deserter or so improperly absent, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds.

XXIII. No Man by reason of his entering or serving as a Volunteer under this Act shall lose or forfeit, or be deemed to have lost or forfeited, any Interest he may possess, or may have possessed at the Time of his being so entered or serving, in any Friendly or Benefit Society, any Laws, Rules, or Regulations of such Society to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any Dispute shall arise between any such Society and any such Man by reason of such Entry or Service, it shall be considered as being a Dispute directed by the Rules of such Society to be decided by Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts in force relating to Friendly Societies.

XXIV. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act im-

?>sed shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the lace where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and any Forfeiture of treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered in England or Wales, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Months, which said Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeitures of treble Value, as fully to all Intents as if such Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said Act, or in an Act passed in a Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings of Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture not including the treble Value of any Articles shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the treble Value of any Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such treble Value shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the farthest report the same and his Adjudication thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

22° & 23° VICTORIAE, c.41

99

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India.

[13th August 1859.]

4 TI^HEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-€ * ? second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better

* Government of India: And whereas it has been considered that, under the Enactment in ‘ the Fortieth Section of the said Act, the local Governments in India and Officers intrusted c with the Charge of Provinces or Districts there respectively cannot enter into and execute

* such Contracts and Assurances in India on behalf of the Secretary of State in Council as f before the Commencement of the said Act they were respectively competent to enter into ‘ and execute on behalf of the East India Company, and it is expedient to give them such

* Powers: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the proper Mode of the Execution of € Contracts entered into by the Secretary of State in Council pursuant to the Provision of

the said Fortieth Section of the said Act, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be f removed: And whereas it is expedient to alter so much of the Enactment in the Fortvthird Section of the said Act as relates to the Mode of signing and countersigning the 4 Drafts or Orders therein mentioned:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. The Governor General of India in Council, the Governor in Council of Fort St. George, Powers to the Governor in Council of Bombay, the Lieutenant Governor of the North-western Pro-vinces now under the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, respectively, or any Officer for Government of the Time being intrusted witn the Government, Charge, or Care of any Presidency, India. Province, or District in India, subject to such Provisions or Restrictions as the Secretary of State in Council, with the Concurrence of a Majority of Votes at a Meeting, shall from Time to Time prescribe, are hereby respectively empowered to sell and dispose of all Real and Personal Estate whatsoever in India for the Time being vested in Her Majesty under the said Act, within the Limits of their respective Governments, Provinces, or Districts, or to raise Money on any such Real Estate by way of Mortgage, and to make proper Assurances for that Purpose, and to purchase and acquire any Land or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, Stores, Goods, Chattels, and other Property in India, within the said respective Limits, and to enter into any Contracts whatsoever, within the said respective Limits, for the Purposes of the said Act, and all Property so acquired shall vest in Her Majesty for the Service of the Government of India.

II. The Secretary of State in Council may be named as a Party to any such Deed, Modeofexecut-Contract, or other Instrument, and it shall be sufficient to use the Designation of Secretary }{j^^tract8 of State in Council in such Deed, Contract, or other Instrument, and the same may be expressed to be executed on behalf of the Secretary of State in Council, by or by Order of

the Governor General in Council, Governor in Council, Lieutenant Governor of the Northwestern Provinces, or other Officer intrusted as aforesaid, but may be executed in other respects in like Manner as other Instruments executed by or on behalf of him or them respectively in his or their official Capacity, and may be enforced by or against the Secretary of State in Council for the Time being; and neither the Secretary of State, nor any Member Secretary of of the Council, nor any Person executing such Deed, Contract, or other Instrument, shall c?not^o be personally liable in respect thereof; and all Liabilities, Costs, and Damages in respect personally thereof shall be satisfied and paid out of the Revenues of India. liable.

III. Notwithstanding anything contained in the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Mode of signing Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay out all or any of the Moneys paid Draft*

to the Credit of the Account opened under the said Act by the Governor and Company of jwiSd. °* the Bank of England, intituled 44 The Account of the Secretary of State in Council of India f upon any Drafts or Orders signed by the Accountant General on the Establishment of the Secretary of State in Council, or by either of the Two Senior Clerks in the Deport-.

N 2 ment

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 41, 42.

ment of the said Accountant General, and countersigned in such Manner as the Secretary of State for India in Council shall from Time to Time order or establish; and any Draft or Order signed and countersigned as aforesaid, or in manner directed by the said Act, shall effectually discharge the Bank of England for all Moneys paid upon the same.

As to Validity IV. If before the passing of this Act any Contracts or Assurances shall have been ftc^ter^into en*ere<^ ^nto or made on behalf of the Secretary of State in Council, or the Government of before the pass- India, by any Person in India who, previously to the Commencement of the said Act, would ing of this Act have been authorized to enter into and make the same on behalf of the East India Company, such Contracts or Assurances shall have the same Validity in favour of and against the Secretary of State in Council as they would have had in favour of and against the said Company if made on behalf of the said Company, and if the said Act had not been passed; but neither the Secretary of State nor any Member of the Council shall be personally liable in respect of any such Contracts or Assurances; and all Liabilities, Costs, and Damages in respect thereof shall be satisfied and paid out of the Revenues of India.

Mode of exe- V. All Contracts purporting to be entered into by the Secretary of State in Council talct!? C°n" which shall have been previous to the passing of this Act made under the Hands and Seals or Hands of Three or more Members of Council shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same would have been if Section Forty of the said Act had contained an express Provision that the Contracts to be entered into by the Secretary of State in Council pursuant to that Act might be so made; and from and after the passing of this Act all Contracts in Writing entered into by the Secretary of State in Council, with the Concurrence of a Majority of Votes at a Meeting, may be expressed to be made by the Secretary of State in Council under that Designation, and if such, as if made between private Persons would be by Law required to be under Seal may be made, varied, or discharged under the Hands and Seals of Two Members of the Council, or if such as if made between private Persons would be by Law required to be signed by the Parties to be charged therewith, may be made, varied, or discharged under the Hands of Two Members of the Council; and the Benefit and Liability of such Contracts shall pass to the Secretary of State in Council for the Time being.

Actions to be VI. All Actions, Suits, and Proceedings in any Court of Justice in respect of any of the NameofSecre Matters aforesaid shall and may be carried on, prosecuted, or defended in the Name of the tary of State for Secretary of State for India in Council.

India.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to provide for the Establishment of a Reserve Force of Men who have been in Her Majesty's Service. [13th August 1859.]

\\I HERE AS it is expedient that Her Majesty should be enabled to enrol as a Reserve c * * Force for Service within the United Kingdom in Cases of Emergency such of the c Men who have served in Her other Forces as may be willing to engage for such Service Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Reserve Force not exceeding

20,000 Men for Service in Great Britain.

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, to cause to be enrolled and kept up as a Reserve Force in the United Kingdom any Number of Men not exceeding in the whole Twenty thousand, the Men so enrolled to be Persons who shall have previously served in Her Majesty's other Forces or in the Forces of the East India Company, and who may voluntarily engage to serve under this Act; and such Reserve Force shall be formed into or attached to such Battalions, Corps, or Companies as Her Majesty may think fit

IL The

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.42.

101

II. The Men to be enrolled as aforesaid shall be engaged to serve for such Term of Years or for such respective Terms, having regard to their previous Periods of Service, as ^ribedby^el shall be directed by the Regulations under this Act, and every Person so engaging to serve gulations, reshall make and sign a Declaration in such Form as with reference to the Terms of his gard being had Engagement may be prescribed by such Regulations. Senrtee!0US

Appointment of Officers.

Force to be called out for Training and Exercise for 12 Days in each Year.

Reserve Force may be called out in aid of the Civil Power.

III. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint to the Force under this Act such Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of Her Majesty's other Forces, or of the Forces of the East India Company, whether from Full or Half Pay or from the Pension List, as may be deemed expedient, and to put the whole or any Part of the Force under the Command pf such General or other Superior Officers of the same Forces as Her Majesty shall please to appoint.

IY. The Men enrolled under this Act shall be called out for Training and Exercise at such Place or Places within the United Kingdom, and for such Time or Times not exceeding Twelve Days in any Year, as Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State shall direct.

V. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland, at any Time when the Occasion may appear to them respectively to require, to call out the whole or 60 many of the Force enrolled under this Act as such Secretary of State or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor may think necessary, to aid the Civil Power in the Preservation of the Public Peace in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

VI. In case of actual Invasion or imminent Danger thereof, or in case a State of War In case of In* exists between Her Majesty and any Foreign Power, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty,

by Proclamation, to direct that the said Reserve Force, or such Part thereof as Her Majesty may ^ called shall think fit, shall be called out on permanent Service in aid of the Defence of the Realm, out for peraia-in any Part of the United Kingdom where their Services may be required, and the said nent s®rvice' Forces, or such of them as shall be so called out, shall serve in pursuance of such Proclamation until it shall be signified to them by Her Majesty's Command that their Services are no longer required.

VII. It shall also be lawful for Her Majesty to direct that such and 60 many of the Reserve Force Force enrolled under this Act as volunteer their Services may be kept on Duty and Pay fo£^^tecr for any Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in the same Way as the Regular

Forces of Her Majesty's Army, and any Person who shall volunteer for such Service shall be liable to serve accordingly.

VIII. Whenever the Reserve Force under this Act shall be called out for Training and Reserve Force, Exercise, or when any of them who may have volunteered their Services for that Purpose ^^tobe^ub-shall be kept on Duty as aforesaid, or when the said Force, or any of them, shall be called jeettothe out on Service in aid of the Civil Power as aforesaid, or shall be called out on permanent Mutiny Act. Service under Her Majesty's Proclamation, all the Provisions of any Act then in force for

the punishing of Mutiny and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as well with regard to billeting as in all other respects whatsoever, and also the Articles of War established or to be established by Her Majesty pursuant to the Provisions of such Act, shall extend and apply to the Men of the said Force and to the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers appointed to command them, and Offences committed by such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Men, or any of them, on the Occasions aforesaid, may be inquired of and tried by Court-martial assembled under the Provisions of any such Act according to the usual Discipline of Her Majesty's Anny, and Courts-martial for the ^

Trial of any such Offences may be holden, and the Punishment awarded by any such Courts ' martial may be inflicted, either during the Time for which the said Force shall be so on Duty or at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender shall have been apprehended.

IX. Every Man enrolled under this Act, and not labouring under certified Infirmity or Punishment for Incapacity, who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his Training and

Exercise, Exercise.

boogie

Regulations to be made by Secretary-at-War.

Provisions of Turnpike and Railway Acts as to Soldiers to apply to the Force under this Act

Men to be exempted from serving Parish Offices, &c.

Provisional Order to specify what Rights are reserved as to Mines, &c.

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 42, 43.

Exercise, or for permanent or voluntary Service, or for his Service in aid of the Civil Power, or who having appeared or joined the Force at the Place appointed shall desert or absent himself before the Expiration of the Time of Training and Exercise, or before being duly discharged from such permanent or voluntary Service, shall be deemed a Deserter, and shall be liable to be tried and punished by Court-martial under the foregoing Provisions, and shall also be liable to such Forfeiture of Pay, Pension, or Allowance as may be directed by the Regulations under this Act.

X. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to authorize Her Secretary-at-War to make Regulations concerning the Term or Terms of Service of the Men to be enrolled under this Act, and the Declarations to be made in relation thereto, and for the Pay of the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Men enrolled under this Act, and, if Her Majesty so think fit, for Pensions of Men in respect as well of their Services under this Act as of their previous Services, and also in regard to the Arms, Clothing, Equipment, and Allowances of Men and Officers, and also for the Government of the said Force, and for the Fines and Penalties or Forfeitures for Absence from or Misconduct during Training and Exercise, or during permanent, voluntary, or other Service, or for the Breach of any of the said Regulations, and for the Deduction of such Fines and Penalties from any Pay, Allowance, or Pension which may become due to the Offender; and all Warrants and Regulations to be issued under this Act in every Year shall be laid before both Houses of Parliainent in the Month of February in every Year, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament

XI. For the Purposes of all Enactments relating to Turnpike Roads and to Tolls, the Men enrolled and Officers and Non-commissioned Officers appointed under this Act while on Duty, or going to or returning from any Place of Training and Exercise, or of permanent, voluntary, or other Service, shall be deemed Soldiers and Officers of Her Majesty on Duty, and all such Enactments having reference to Officers and Soldiers on Duty shall be construed accordingly; and the Enactments in force concerning the Conveyance by Railway of Her Majesty's Forces of the Line, and their Baggage, Stores, Arms, and Ammunition, shall apply to the Conveyance of the Force under this Act, their Baggage, Stores, Arms, and Ammunition, and to the Officers and Men of such Force.

XII. Men enrolled and Officers appointed under this Act shall not be liable to serve on any Jury, nor to serve the Office of Constable, or any other Parochial, Township, or Borough Office.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land. [13th August 1859.]

( T\^HEREAS it is expedient to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the c " Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. On any Inclosure where the Mines, Minerals, Stone, or other Substrata under the Land to be inclosed shall be excepted or reserved to the Lord of the Manor or any other Person, the Provisional Order to be made by the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales shall (in addition to the other Matters to be specified therein under the said Acts) specify whether or not a Right to enter the Lands when inclosed for the Purpose of opening, working, or winning such Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata, is to be reserved to such Lord or other Person, and whether or not any Compensation is to bo made by the

Persons

103

22' & 23' VICTORIA, c. 43.

Persons exercising such last-mentioned Eight for any Damage to the Surface which may thereby be done, and if not, then whether or not any such other Provision for Compensation of such Damage as herein-after mentioned is to be made.

IL For the Purpose of providing for Compensation for any such Damage as aforesaid, it Provision as shall be lawful for the Lord of the Manor or other the Person entitled to such Mines, Damage^ Minerals, Stone, or other Substrata as aforesaid, and for the other Persons interested in the Land proposed to be inclosed, or such Proportion of the Persons so interested as by the Twenty-seventh Section of the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen, are required to consent to an Inclosure before the Inclosure Commissioners can in any annual General Eeport certify their Opinion that the proposed Inclosure would be expedient, to agree as to the Mode in which Compensation for Surface Damage from such Entry, and opening, working or winning, shall be made to the individual Owners whose Allotments may be so damaged, whether wholly by the Lord or such other Person entitled to the Mines, Minerals, Stone, or other Substrata as aforesaid, or wholly by the Owners of Allotments (including the Lord or such other Person) collectively, or partly by the Lord or such other Person and partly by the other Owners of Allotments collectively; and such Agreement, when made, shall, if allowed by the Inclosure Commissioners, be stated to the Valuer as Part of his Instructions, and its Terms shall be embodied by him in his Report and in his Award of which it shall form Part.

IIL In every Case in which the Eight and Interest in all or any Mines, Minerals, Stone, Powers to work and other Substrata are reserved by any Provisional Order to be issued after the passing of Mines>&c* this Act to the Lord of the Manor or such other Person entitled to the Soil of the Land enclosed as aforesaid, and with a further Reservation to the Lord or to such other Person of a Eight to enter the Lands when inclosed, and work such Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata, it shall be lawful for the Lord, his Heirs and Assigns, or for such other Person entitled to the Soil as aforesdid, his Heirs and Assigns, at any and at all Time and Times thereafter, by ^himself or themselves, or his or their Tenants, Agents, or Servants, and with or without Horses or other Animals, or Carriages, and Materials of all Bonds, to enter upon the said Lands or any Part thereof, and to break the Surface thereof, and search for, win, work, take, and carry away the said Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata, or any of them, and for that Purpose to dig, sink, drive, and make Pits, Shafts, Drifts, Headways, Levels, Adits,

Airgates, Watercourses, Soughs, Trenches, Buddies, Fences, and Sluices, and to erect, build, and make Pumps, Engines, Furnaces, Smelting Houses, Stamping Mills, Ore and Store Houses, Sheds, Hovels, and Stables, and other Erections, and to do all other Things necessary or convenient, as well for working the said Mines, as for refining the Metals and Minerals, hewing and working the Stone and other Substrata, and removing all the Water,

Slag, and Rubbish from the Works, and for the Accommodation of the Persons employed therein, and to occupy such Part of the said Land as shall be convenient and sufficient for laying, ordering, and dressing the Ores, Minerals, Metals, Stone, and other Substrata, and if judged necessary, to alter the Course of Streams, and to maintain, repair, and use any Rmboads or other Roads for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and generally to do all other Things necessary or convenient for the sinking, winning, working, and carrying away the said Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata, and for refining the Metals and Minerals, and hewing and working the Stone and other Substrata thereby produced.

IV. In case it shall be provided that the whole or any Part of such Compensation as How Damages aforesaid shall be made by the Owners of Allotments collectively, either including or not ** asse88ed* including the Lord or such other Person as aforesaid, then all such Damage as may at any Time and from Time to Time be done to any Allotment by any of the Means aforesaid shall be assessed and raised as follows; (that is to say,) it shall be lawful for any Person who may sustain any such Damage as aforesaid to give Information thereof to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Riding or other Division or Place within which the Lands which shall have been inclosed, or the greater Part thereof, shall be situate (Ten Days previous Notice of such intended Information having been fixed on the Church Door of the Parish or other Ecclesiastical District);  and suoh Justices shall and are hereby empowered to examine and inquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, and by Examination

Payment of Damages,

To be levied by Distress.

Annual Value of Allotments to be stated in Award.

Herbage may be let.

Purchase Money of Land sold may be apportioned.

Lessees need not join in Application for Partition.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 43.

nation of Witnesses upon Oath, or by such other Evidence as they shall think proper; and such Justices shall determine the Amount of such Damage, and order the Payment thereof to the Party damaged by the Persons and in the Manner herein-after expressed.

Y. Every Sum of Money to be paid in satisfaction of such Damages, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information, (to be settled by the said Justices,) shall be borne and paid by the Owners for the Time being of all the Allotments on whom it shall by the Award have been imposed, or their Tenants, including the Owner of the Allotment damaged, or his Tenant, by a Rate to be assessed upon them in respect of their Allotments or their Shares therein by such Justices according to the respective yearly Values thereof, which shall be ascertained in manner herein-after in that Behalf directed or referred to.

VI. In case any Person who shall be charged to such Rate as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the same within a Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person for the Time being entitled to such Payment, then any Two or more Justices of such County or Riding, or other District or Place as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress; and in case any occupying Tenant of any Hereditaments constituting or being Part of any of the said Allotments shall pay any Part of such Rate as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at liberty to deduct the same out of his next Rent, and his Landlord shall allow such Deduction, unless there shall be some Provision to the contrary in the Lease or Agreement under which such Hereditaments are held by such Occupier.

VII. In every Case to which the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable, the Valuer acting in the Matter of the Inclosure shall by his Award ascertain and determine the proportionate Shares of any such Rate as aforesaid to be paid in respect of each of the Allotments to be set out under the Inclosure, and the averagb annual Value per Acre of each Allotment at the Time of making his Award, and such average annual Value shall thereafter be taken to be the yearly Value per Acre of such Allotment for the Purpose of the Assessment of the same to the Rate by this Act imposed thereon in the Cases hereinbefore provided for.

VIII. Where Instructions shall be given to the Valuer to let the Herbage of any Land to be inclosed, the same shall, at any Time after the Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, or other Rights have been extinguished or the Exercise thereof suspended, be let by the Valuer for such Time and in such Manner and subject to such Conditions as he, with the Approbation of the Inclosure Commissioners, shall think right; and any Person taking such Herbage shall hold the same as Tenant to the Valuer, and all Moneys received by way of Rent shall be applied in and towards Payment of the Expenses of the Inclosure.

IX. Where the Sale of any Land proposed to be inclosed, not exceeding Fifty Acres, shall have been authorized by the Commissioners, under the Provisions of the said Acts, the Surplus of the Purchase Money may be either appropriated as provided by the said Acts, or a Majority in Number and Interest of the Persons interested therein may, at a Meeting to be convened by the Commissioners for the Purpose, resolve that such Surplus shall be apportioned, and thereupon the same shall be dealt with in such and the same Manner as if the same were Money received under a The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and paid into the Bank of England to the Credit of an Account to be named by the Commissioners, under the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-seven.

X. In Partitions it shall not be necessary that any Lessee, being a Person jointly interested within the Provisions of the said Acts in any Land or other Subject Matter of Partition, should join in the Application to the Commissioners; and whenever any Land or other Subject Matter of such Partition shall be held by One entire Rent, the Order of Partition shall apportion the Rent to be paid to each of the Persons to whom any Part of the same may be allotted in Severalty; and after the Confirmation of such Order all Rents and Services due and owing or thereafter to become due and owing in respect of the Land

or

105

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 43,44.

or other Subject Matter of Partition shall be paid and payable to the Person to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty: Provided always, that such Lessee shall not have the Power of giving Notice of Dissent, under the Provisions of the said Acts.

XI. Notwithstanding anything therein contained, the Provisions of the said Acts as to InPaititioni

Notice of Dissent shall not apply to Partitions in which the Application is made by dissents Two Thirds in Value of the Persons interested in the Land or other Subject Matter of Case«,mC *

Partition.

XII. Whenever the Patronage of any Benefice to which the Provisions of the said Acts Where Patron-are applicable shall be vested in Her Majesty, the Lord High Treasurer or First Lord Cro^ ^ho Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being where the Value of such Benefice is d<^ed ° above the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the King's Books, and where such Value is Patron.

of or below the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in the King's Books the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or First Lord Commissioner of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall for the Purposes of the said Acts be substituted instead of the Patron: Provided nevertheless, that if such Patronage is vested in Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster the Chancellor for the Time being of such Duchy shall for the Purposes of the said Acts be substituted instead of the Patron.

XIII. Whenever a Valuer acting in the Matter of any Inclosure shall have directed the Tenancies at Allotments to be entered upon by the Persons respectively for whom the same shall be Backrent. intended, all Leases, Agreements, and Tenancies at Kackrent subsisting of any Part of the

Land to be inclosed or exchanged under the Award of the Valuer, or any Common Bight thereon, shall, so far only as respects the Land to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, or Common Bight, cease and be void, at such Time or Times as the Valuer shall by Writing under his Hand direct or appoint, although the Lessees or Landlords may not have made and paid such Satisfaction to the respective Lessees or Tenants as is by the said Acts provided: Provided always, that Interest at the Bate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be payable from the Day on which such Tenancies shall cease to the Day of Payment, on the Sum which has been or shall thereafter be ascertained to be due to such Lessees or Tenants, and shall, with the Amount ascertained to be due as aforesaid, be recoverable from the Person liable to pay the same in t^he same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are recoverable under the said Acts.

XIV. Where by reason of the Size of the Map or other Circumstances the Commis- Annexation of

sioners shall be of opinion that it is not expedient that the Valuer should annex to the Map to m In-

Engrossment of any Inclosure Award the Map required by the said Acts to be annexed maybedi*. thereto, they may, if they shall see fit, in lieu of such Annexation, certify under their Hands pensed with, and Seal that the Map not so annexed is the Map referred to in the Award to which the

same applies, and thereupon every Map having such Certificate shall have the same Force and Effect and be referred to as if the same were annexed to the said Award.

XV. This Act shall be taken to be Part of the said Acts, and shall be construed there-

with, and be deemed to be included under any Eeference to u The Acts for the Inclosure, Act* for the Exchange, and Improvement of Land.,, inciwrare, &c.

r of Land."

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue the Act for the Exemption of Stock in Trade from Rating.

[13th August 1859-]

4 YI^HEBEAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Beign of Her present € * * Majesty, intituled An Act to exempt until the Thirty-first Day of December One 3 & 4 Vict. _

* thousand eight hundred and forty-one Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from 89«

22 & 23 ViCT. O * Liability

Recited Act farther continued.

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 44,45,46.

* Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of

* the Poor: And whereas the said Act has been since continued by sundry Acts until the

* First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and it is 1 expedient that the said Act should be further continuedBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the said Act shall continue in force until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

10 All Vict c. 98.

Certain tem-penury Prori-siosa of recited Act continued.

An Act to continue certain Jurisdiction in England.

CAR XLV.

temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical

[13th August 1859.]

‘ \\T HEBE AS an Act was pa * * * Years of the Reign of Hei

jassed in the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh ler present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England, by which it was enacted, that certain of the

* Provisions therein contained should continue until the First Day of August One thousand ‘ eight hundred and forty-eight, and, if Parliament were then sitting, until the End of the

* then Session of Parliament: And whereas such of the said Provisions as relate to Matters ‘ Testamentary and the Administration of the Personal Estates of Intestates have been

* repealed; and such of the said Provisions as have not been so repealed have been continued f under sundry Acts, and ultimately by an Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second

* Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty, until the First Day of August One thousand eight

* hundred and fifty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And € whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions which have not been repealed should be

* further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the said Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty as were continued by the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty shall continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

u A 15 Vict c. 104.

17 A 18 Vict C.11S.

CAR XL VI.

An Act to continue and amend the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. [13th August 1859*]

‘ Vl^ HERE AS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and « " Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, " to facilitate the € " Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England? which

* Act was limited in Duration to Three Years from the End of the then Session of Parlia-

* ment; and by the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of

* Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, the said Act of the Fourteenth and

* Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty was amended, and, as so amended, has, by the last-men-

‘ tioned

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c. 46,47. 107

4 tioned and other Acts, and ultimately by an Act of the Session holden in the Twentieth 20 & 21 Vict

* and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, been further continued c* 74until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and until the End

of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that said Act of the 4 Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, as amended as aforesaid, should be further

* continued:9 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All such Acts and Deeds as are now by Law required to be done or executed by the Two Commie-Church Estates Commissioners, under the Authority of this Act or the Acts hereby affected, may be done or executed by any Two of such Church Estates Commissioners.

II. The Publication in the London Gazette of the Notice of the Appointment of any Church Evidence of

Estates Commissioners shall at all Times and for all Purposes be full and sufficient Evidence charch^Ste»f of the Fact of such Appointment. Commissioners.

III. The said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, as amended u&isVict.

by the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, shall continue in ^n1^j,eJ8b_

force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and until

the End of the then next Sessionof Parliament. c. ns., con-

tinued until Jan. 1, 1861.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales.

[13th August 1859-]

c YV HERE AS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance

* * T of " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land,* issued their

* Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule ( to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been given since the Date of their

* Fourteenth Annual General Report: And whereas the said Commissioners have by a € Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Inclosures would be expedient; ‘ but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament \ Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

II. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1859," or The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

Inclosnres in Schedule may be proceeded with.

Short Title.

O 2

SCHE-

' ^.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosurc.

Titchfield -

Leathcrhead Common Dorchester -

Holyhead - -

Margaret Marsh Hawkshead -Marnhull -

Carnforth -Portslade -

Chich, St. Osytli Crofton Manor -Newlaud Manor WadlCy -

Swanwick Common Leatherhead Common Fields and Down -Whitlaw -

County. Date of Provisional Order.

Southampton - 6th January 1859.

Surrey - 11th October 1850.

Oxford - 24th March 1859.

Anglesey - 21st April 1859.

Dorset - 26th January 185 9;

Lancaster ... 3d March 1859.

Dorset . 26th January 1859.

Lancaster - - 24 th February 1859.

Sussex - 5th May 1859.

Essex - 3d March 1859.

Southampton - 14th April 1859.

>5. " 14th April 1859.

Berks - 29th April 1859.

Southampton - 9th June 1859.

Surrey 18th May 1859.

Northumberland 9th June 1859.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

[13th August 1859.]

‘ \1J HERE AS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Seventeenth and 17 & 18 Vict. ‘ " Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, " to consolidate

«•l02- ‘ " and amend the Laws relating to Bribery, Treating, and undue Influence at Elections of

*l8*22 ct# ‘ " Members of Parliament; " and by an Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and i Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-seven, the said first-mentioned * Act was amended and was continued until the Tenth Day of August One thousand eight ‘ hundred and fifty-nine, and thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: ‘ And whereas it is expedient that the said first-mentioned Act as so amended should be ‘ further continued:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Duration of The said first-mentioned Act, as amended by the said Act of the Twenty-first and Act* Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, shall continue in force until the Tenth Day of

August One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to provide for the Payment of Debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in School Districts.

[13th August 1859.]

* T\I HERE AS it is expedient to define and limit the Period during which any Debt

* " hereafter incurred by Guardians of Unions or Parishes or by District Boards of

< Management in the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor may be paid, ‘ and to make Provision, in respect of Debts heretofore lawfully incurred by them, for Pay-

* ment of the same:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by

and

109

22°& 23° VICTORIA, c. 49.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. With respect to any Debt, Claim, or Demand, which may, after the passing of this When Debts in Act, be lawfully incurred by or become due from the Guardians of any Union or Parish, or fuV£e m to ** the Board of Management of any School or Asylum District, such Debt, Claim, or Demand ***

shall be paid within the Half Year in which the same shall have been incurred or become due, or within Three Months after the Expiration of such Half Year, but not afterwards, the Commencement of such Half Year to be reckoned from the Time when the last Half Year's Account shall or ought to have been closed according to the Order of the Poor Law Commissioners or Poor Law Board: Provided that the Poor Law Board, by their Order, Pow**t0 may, if they see fit, extend the Time within which such Payment shall be made for a Period Boardtocxtend not exceeding Twelve Months after the Date of such Debt, Claim, or Demand. the Time.

II. With respect to any Debt, Claim, or Demand which may have been lawfully incurred As to Pay~ by any such Guardians or Board of Management or on their Account before the passing of i^^ti^ibefore this Act, they may, if they think proper, pay within Twelve Months after the passing of the passing of this Act, out of the Funds in their Possession, any such Debt, Claim, or Demand which this Act may have been so incurred or have become due within Two Years before the Date of this

Act, and may, within the said Period of Twelve Months, make Provision for the Payment of any Debt, Claim, or Demand lawfully incurred as aforesaid which shall have become due from them at some Time beyond Two Years but not beyond Six Years from such Date in full at once, or by equal annual Instalments, not exceeding Five, if the Poor Law Board, after open and public Investigation, during which Counsel or Solicitors may appear and Witnesses may be examined on both Sides, when the same shall be required by any Ratepayer of the Union, Parish, or District, shall be satisfied that no Fraud, Collusion, or Neglect of the General Rules of the Poor Law Board respecting the Contraction or Discharge of such Debt, Claim, or Demand have been committed by the Party to whom such Claim or Demand is alleged to be due, and that such Party has not been accessory to any Fraud on such Guardians or Board of Management, and shall give their Consent in manner aforesaid to such Payment; and such Guardians or Board respectively shall charge every such Payment to the Account to which the same should have been charged if the Payment had been made in due Time; and the President or Secretary of the Poor Law Board shall, within One Calendar Month after the Expiration of such Period of Twelve Months as aforesaid, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, then within One Calendar Month after the next Meeting thereof, lay or cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament a Return of all such Payments as shall have been made or authorized under the Power lastly hereinbefore contained.

III. Where any Sum shall have been or shall be borrowed by any Guardians or Provision for

Managers, and the Debt shall have been or shall be charged by the said Guardians upon the on the

Poor Rates, under the Authority of any Statute, and the same shall be made payable on a

Day certain, the Time of Limitation prescribed by this Act for Payment of Debts shall commence on that Day; where it shall not have been made payable on any Day certain, then on the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Day when the Money was advanced; and in the Case of any Debt repayable by Instalments each Instalment shall be payable within One Year next after the Day when the same shall fall due* unless the said Board shall in any of the Cases provided for in this Section allow an Extension of the Time for the Payment not exceeding Six Months; and the Interest payable in every Case hereby provided for shall be payable within the like Times only as the Principal.

IV. If any Person claiming any Debt or Demand shall have commenced or shall here- Provision for after commence Proceedings in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice or other Actio1?8 against competent Authority, within the Time herein-bcfore limited, or within the Time to which Makers! °F the Poor Law Board may grant Extension, and shall with due Diligence prosecute such Proceedings to Judgment or other final Settlement of the Question, such Judgment shall be

satisfied by the Guardians or Managers against whom or against whose Officer the same may be brought, notwithstanding that such Judgment may be recovered or such final Settlement arrived at after the Expiration of the Period herein-before provided, and all

Proceedings

no

Payment of Attorneys Bills, Delay of.

No Call or Order to be invalidated.

Interpretation of Terms.

Preamble.

16 & 17 Vict, c. 137.

18 & 19 Vict, c. 124.

21 & 22 Vict c. 51.

Exemption continued until 1st July 1860.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.49, 50.

Proceedings taken by Mandamus or otherwise for the enforcing of such Judgment without Delay shall be deemed to be within the Operation of this Section.

V. Where the Guardians or Managers shall be engaged in a Suit, Action, or Proceedings in any Court, they shall not be required by any Rule of Law or Provision herein contained to pay the Bill of Costs of any Solicitor or Attorney retained by them for the Purpose thereof until the final Determination of such Suit or Proceeding, or until he shall cease to be so retained by or for them therein; but the Bill of Costs of such Solicitor or Attorney shall be duly taxed and paid within the Term of One Year next after such final Determination of the said Suit, Proceeding, or Retainer, and not afterwards, unless the Poor Law Board shall authorize an Extension of Time not exceeding Six Months; provided that if the said Solicitor or Attorney take Proceedings for the Recovery of his Bill within such Time or the Extension thereof, he shall in such Case have the same Right to be paid as in Section Four; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Guardians or Managers from paying Money at any Time on account of the Suit or Proceeding.

VL No Call or Order for Contribution made by anv Guardians, nor any Poor Rate made to meet such Call or Order, shall be deemed to be illegal on the Ground that the same is made to provide for any Debt, Claim, or Demand, the Payment whereof is authorized by this Act, or on the Ground that the said Call or Order for Contribution includes a Balance due from any Parish or Parishes at the Time when the half-yearly Accounts are made up and balanced as aforesaid: Provided always, that when the Fund out of which any such Debt, Claim, or Demand should have been discharged shall have been already paid by any Parish to the Board of Guardians of any Union, and shall not have been applied for that Purpose, any Funds which may be required to be again contributed to discharge such Debt, Claim, or Demand shall be levied on each Parish in the Union in proportion to the rateable Value of each such Parish.

VII. The Words used in this Act shall be construed in like Manner as the same Words are directed to be construed by the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, or any subsequent Act amending or explaining the same.

CAP. L.

An Act farther to continue the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts. [13th August 1859-]

* Vl^HEREAS by "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853/' it was provided, that that Act ‘ * * should not, for the Period of Two Years from the passing thereof, extend or be in € any Manner applied to Charities or Institutions the Funds or Income of which were c applicable exclusively for the Benefit of Persons of the Roman Catholic Persuasion, and ‘ which were under the Superintendence or Control of Persons of that Persuasion: And £ whereas by €t The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855/' such Charities or Insti-

* tutions as aforesaid were exempted in like Manner from the Operation of the said Amendment Act, and the Exemption so extended was continued until the First Day

c of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and has since been extended to the € First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine: And whereas it is € expedient that such Exemption should be further continued as herein-after mentioned:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Acts shall not, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty, extend or be in any Manner applied to the Charities or Institutions aforesaid.

Ill

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 51.

CAP. LI.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[13th August 1859-]

c WHEREAS it is expedient to continue ' * _ specifiedBe it enacted by the Queen's

for limited Times the Acts herein-after *8 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire on or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall be'continued until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty to and the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, " for continuing the Term of " an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, " intituled An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the New North Road, " leading from the South End of Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk in the €t Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for vesting the " Management of the said Road in the Metropolis Roads Commissioners, for the Purpose of " paying off the Debt due thereon? and except as herein-after mentioned.

IL The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and no longer, unless Parliament shall in the meantime continue the same respectively.

III. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1859.*

SCHEDULE.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane in the Town of St Neots in the County of Huntingdon to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane in the Town of Cambridge.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury in the County of Huntingdon to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton in the Parish of Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from a Bridge over a Stream called Sudbrook near the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road near the Clay Pitts in the County of Gloucester, and for extending the Powers thereof to the Entrance of the City of Gloucester.

An Act for amending and repairing the Road from Thirsk over Skipton Bridge to Hutton Moor, and through Ainderby-Quernhow and Nosterfield to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the North End of a Lane, called • Rosemary Lane, in the Township of Broughton to the Town of Mold in the County of Flint, and for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communi-oate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding, in the said County of Lincoln.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called the Old Gallows in the Parish of Sonning otherwise Sunning in the County of Berks, through

Wokingham,

All Turnpike Acts expiring before the End of the next Session continued to 1st Oct.

1860, except 12 & 13 Vict, c. Ixvi.

Acts in Schedule continued till 1st Nov. 1860.

Short Title.

54 G. 3. c. iv.

59 G. 3. c. xxv.

1 & 2 G. 4.

c. vi. •

1 & 2 G. 4. c. vii.

3 G. 4. c. L

3 G. 4. c. Ixvi.

3 G. 4. c. lxxxviii.

4 G. 4. c. xlviii

4 G. 4. c. cx.

5 G. 4. c. xxxv

6 G. 4.

c. lxxxvii.

6 G. 4. c. cxlix.

7 G. 4. c.xvi.

7 G. 4. c. Ixxiii. 9 G. 4. c. lxx.

1 Vict. c. xli.

6&7W.4. c. 29.

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c. 51,52.

Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunninghill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford through Haworth to Blue Bell near Colne, and from the Two Laws to Kighley, in the Counties of York and Lancaster.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Skipton in the County of York to Colne in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Glossop to Marple Bridge in the County of Derby, and the several Branches of Roads leading to and from the same.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth and from Petersfield to the Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near Ropley in the County of Southampton, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and maint lining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and the several Branches and Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salters Brook in^Jie County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining several Extensions or D^ersions of Road, and a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Milestone in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks towards Reading, to a Place called the Seven Mile Stone in the Parish of Beenham in the same County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

' An Act for repairing the Roads from Horsham to Steyning, and from thence to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussed, and from the Bottom of Steyning Hill to Slaughter's Corner in the Parish of Beeding, and from thence to Shoreham Bridge in the Parish of Old Shoreham in the said County.

An Act to alter, f^mend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled an Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Mile Stone in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks towards Reading, to a Place called The Seven Mile Stone in the Parish of Beenham in the said County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

CAP. LIL

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

[13th August 1859.]

€ 11JHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King t v ▼ William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-nine, it was enacted, that it should be lawful ( for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint Two ' fit Persons as Justices of the Peace for and of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis,

* to execute such Duties as are in the said Act specified or referred to, and the said Act 6 also empowered the said Lord Lieutenant to direct that an annual Salary not exceeding ‘ the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds should be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the ‘ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to each of the Justices to be so appointed; € and by the said Act the Commissioners of the Treasury were empowered to appoint a ( Person to receive all Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of the said Act, and to

* allow to him such yearly Salary as therein mentioned; and the Duties of such Receiver ‘ were in the said Act particularly set forth: And Whereas bjr several subsequent Acts the € Duties and Powers of the Justices appointed under the said first-recited Act, and which ( Justices are in such subsequent Acts denominated Commissioners of Police for the said

< District,

113

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 52.

g District, have been extended and defined; and the Office of Secretary to the said Commis-c sioners is recognized, and certain Notices are directed to be served upon him: And whereas 17 & is Vict g by an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present c. 94. g Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, the Charge of the Salaries of the said Justices or Commis-g sioners has been removed from the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the f said Salaries are now annually provided for by Parliament: And whereas by an Act passed 1 Vict c. 25.

€ in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-five, Power was given to € the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to divide the Police € District of Dublin Metropolis into any Number not exceeding Four Divisions, and to € define and declare the Limits thereof accordingly, and to establish Public Offices therein, g One in each such Division, and to attach to each such Office any Number not exceeding g Three Divisional Justices; and it was thereby further enacted, that whenever the Number g of Divisional Justices at any Public Office in the said District should not exceed Two, or g the Number of Offices be reduced below Four, it should be lawful for the said Lord Lieu-g tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to increase the Salary of each Divisional g Justice at the said Office, or in case of the Reduction of the Number of Offices at the g remaining Offices, to any Sum not exceeding Six hundred Pounds by the Year, to be g charged on the Funds applicable to the Maintenance of the said Police: And whereas by 3 & 4 Vict. g another Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One l03* g hundred and three, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or g other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of g Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to establish in any One or more of the Divisions g of the said District such Number of Public Offices as should to him or them, with the g Advice and Consent aforesaid, appear necessary: And whereas, in pursuance of the said ‘ recited Acts, the Divisions of the said District have been reduced to Three, and in One g of such Divisions Two Public Offices are established, One in the City of Dublin and the g other in the Town of Kingstown, and in the said last-mentioned Office Justice is adminis-‘ tered by One of the Justices of the Division to which the same belongs: And whereas it g is expedient that instead of Two Commissioners of Police there should be One Commis-g sioner and One Assistant Commissioner of Police for the said District of Dublin Metropolis, g and that Provision should be made for consolidating the Offices of Receiver of the said g Police District, Secretary to the said Commissioners, and Supervisor of Taxes of the said g District, and that Provision should be made for consolidating the Divisions of the said g District, and administering Justice at One or more Police Courts in the said District, g without reference to such Divisions:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In the Interpretation of this Act the Words gg Lord Lieutenant " shall mean Lord Interpretation Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, ig Commissioners of Police99 of Terms, and ggReceiver" shall mean respectively the Justices and the Receiver appointed under the

first herein-before recited Act, " Justices" shall mean " Divisional Justices," or Justices appointed to administer Justice at the Police Office or Police Courts of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

II. Whenever a Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Commissioner of Police, it shall be WhentheOffice lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he shall so think fit, to appoint an Assistant Commis- ^^r^Pollce sioner to act with the remaining Commissioner, and from Time to Time to appoint Successors ig vacant, Lord to such Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner; and such Assistant Commissioner shall Lieutenant may take the Oath required to be taken by the Commissioners of Police, and shall thereupon,

with the remaining Commissioner, who shall be styled henceforward " the Chief Commis- missioned sioner," possess and be subject to all the Powers, Duties, and Provisions of or affecting the Commissioners of Police, but subject to the Provisions herein-after contained.

III. The Salary of the Chief Commissioner of Police shall from and after the Occurrence Salaries to be of such Vacancy be One thousand Pounds by the Year, and the Salary of such Assistant ^^n^shall1 Commissioner when so appointed as aforesaid shall be Six hundred Pounds by the Year, takTpSce. *

22 & 23 VICT. P and

One Commissioner to act in certain Cases;

When the Offices of Receiver, Secretary, and Supervisor be vacant Lord Lieutenant may appoint One Person to hold the said Offices.

Offices may be consolidated if no Vacancy have occurred, and Compensation granted for Loss of Office.

When Consolidation of Offices shall include Receiver, that Officer to be styled the Accountant, and Property to be vested in him, &c.

Lord Lieutenant may abolish Divisions of Police Dis* trict, and appoint Courts and Justices.

When Number of Justices reduced to Five, Lord Lieu- *

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 52.

and the Salaries of the said Commissioners, or Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner, as the Case may be, shall from and after the passing of this Act be payable out of such Monies as shall be annually provided by Parliament for the Purpose.

IV. Anything authorized to be done by the Commissioners by any Act herein recited or by any other Act may be done by either of the Commissioners now holding Office, and after the Commissioners shall have become Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner, as herein provided, may be done by the Chief Commissioner alone, or in his Absence by the Assistant Commissioner alone; provided that to establish the Validity of any Act or Thing done by the Assistant Commissioner it shall not be necessary to prove the Absence of the Chief Commissioner.

V. Whenever the Offices of Receiver, Secretary to the Commissioners of Police, and Supervisor of Taxes, or any of them, shall be vacant, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, with the Consent of the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint One and the same Person to hold the said Offices, or such of them as shall be vacaiit; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to assign to the Person to be appointed to the said Offices an annual Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds.

VI. If the Commissioners of the Treasury shall be of opinion that it would be for the Advantage of the Public Service that the said Offices should be so consolidated as aforesaid, notwithstanding that no such Vacancy shall have occurred, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant, to carry into effect such Consolidation, and to grant to the Holders of the said Offices of Receiver, Secretary, and Supervisor such Pension or Annuity by way of Compensation for the Loss thereof as to them may appear just, not exceeding Two Thirds of the respective Salaries of the said Receiver, Secretary, or Supervisor, when the Holders of the said Offices shall have served for a Period of less than Twenty Years, and an annual Sum not exceeding the whole of the Salary when such Service shall have exceeded the said Period of Twenty Years.

VII. Whenever the Consolidation of the Offices aforesaid shall include the Office of Receiver, the Person to be appointed to the consolidated Office shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be designated " the Accountant" of the said Commissioners of Police; and all Property belonging to, acquired, or purchased by the said Receiver in his public Capacity, and all Monies standing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and all Cash Balances in hand, shall be vested in the said Accountant; and all Proceedings, of what Kind soever, which if this Act had not been passed should have been taken or done by or in the Name of any of the Holders of the Offices so consolidated shall thereafter be taken or done by or in the Name of the said Accountant, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Word " Accountant" had been used in the Act of Parliament, Lease, Contract, Licence, or other Instrument which authorized the taking or doing thereof, instead of the Words " Receiver," "Secretary," or " Supervisor," as the Case may be; and such Accountant shall give to the said Commissioners of Police Security for the due and faithful Application of all Monies paid to him or lodged to his Account under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Dvblin Police, in such Manner and Amount as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, with the Approval of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

VIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he shall so think fit, by and with the Advice and Consent of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to abolish the Divisions of the said Police District, and from Time to Time to order that there shall be for the whole of the said District such Number of Public Offices or Police Courts for the Administration of Justice, to be held at such Place or Places, as he shall by and with such Advice ahd Consent as aforesaid deem proper; and the Lord Lieutenant may, if he Shall 60 think fit, reduce the Number of Justices for the said District.

IX. Whenever the Number of Justices of the said Police District shall not exceed Five, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he shall so think fit, to raise the Salary of each of the said Justices to any Sum not exceeding Nine hundred Pounds by the Year,

provided

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 52,53. 115

provided that the Amount of such increased Salaries shall ilot exceed the gross Ataoufct teiumtmay raise now authorized by Law to be paid to all such Justices respectively. j^tice*7 °f

X. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct the regular daily Attendance at tbrdLieu-the Police Courts of the said Justices or any of them, or of any of the other Justices £^/^7 heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, and to make from Time to Time such tendances at Regulations in respect of the Number of Justices to attend each Police Court, and of the Police Courts. Attendance thereat of any of such Justices, and of the Officers belonging to any of the Police Courts, as may be deemed expedient.

XI. It shall be lawful for any One Justice to sign and execute any Warrant or other One Justice Instrument, or to do alone at any of the said Police Courts, or at any Place where for any J]^7^4117;^04 special Purpose he may by Warrant under the Hand of the said Chief or Under Secretary be by j£ore directed to attend and to act singly, any Act which by any Law now in force, or by any than One Law not containing an express Enactment to the contrary, hereafter to be made, is or shall be directed to be signed, executed, or done by more than One Justice.

XII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant, to grant to any Magistrate, Clerk, or other Person belonging to any of the Offices of the Police Department whose Office shall cease or become unnecessary, or be abolished under this Act, and who shall not be reappointed or employed or retained in an Office of equal Value, such Compensation or Allowance, chargeable upon and payable out of any Monies provided by Parliament for the Maintenance of the Police of the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, as under the Circumstances of each Case shall appear just: Provided always, that the Payment of any such last-mentioned Compensation or Allowance shall altogether cease and be suspended while the Person to whom such Compensation or Allowance shall be granted shall hold any Office in any Public Department the Salary or Profits of which shall be equal to or shall exceed the Salary which was enjoyed by such Person in such Office so ceasing or becoming unnecessary or being abolished; and in case the Salary or Profits of the Office to which such Person shall be appointed shall be less than the Salary which was enjoyed by such Person in such Office so ceasing or becoming unnecessary or being abolished, then only such Amount of Compensation or Allowance shall be paid to him as shall, together with the Salary and Profits of such new Office, be equal to the Amount of the Salary enjoyed by such Person at the Time of his Office so ceasing or becoming unnecessary or being abolished as aforesaid.

Compensation to Persons belonging to the Police Department whose Offices are abolished b j this Act.

XIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall lessen, take away, or abridge any Power,

Jurisdiction or Authority now possessed by the said Justices of the said District. Power of

Justices.

XIV. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as " The Dublin Police Act, 1859." short Title.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny Savings Banks to invest all their Proceeds in Savings Banks. [13th August 1859.]

‘ VVTHEREAS by the Acts now in force Friendly Societies legally established are ‘ 7 7 entitled to invest their Funds to any Amount in a Savings Bank: And whereas * Charitable Societies and Provident Institutions can only invest to the Amount of One ‘ hundred Pounds per Annum, and the Amount of the Sum to be invested by such ‘ Institution or Society cannot exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds in the whole, e exclusive of Interest: And whereas it is expedient to place such Societies and Institutions, c and also Penny Savings Banks, upon the same Footing in that respect as Friendly c Societies legally established Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

P 2 Majesty,

<^»ooq le

116

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.53, 54.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

Funds of Penny I. That it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Treasurer of any Penny Savings Bank,

&c^y beQ ** Charitable or Provident Institution or Society, or Charitable Donation or Bequest for invested in Say- the Maintenance, Education, or Benefit of the Poor in Great Britain or Ireland, to invest, ings Banks to with the Approval of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or the any mount. Comptroller General acting under them, and under such Regulations as shall be prescribed by them in that respect, the Funds of such Penny Savings Bank, Institution, or Society, without Restriction as to Amount, into the Funds of any Savings Bank duly established.

ItanksRules ^rov^ed always, That nothing contained in this Act respecting Savings Banks

are already cer- shall render it necessary to have the Rules and Regulations again certified if the same have

tided they need been before certified according to Law.

not be again

certified.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[13th August 1859-]

Secretary for State for War to issue the Money required for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

< V17 HERE AS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge f * * of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, e and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and € Ireland, and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers * and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of s Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the ‘ Regular Militia who have been allowed to retire, and to Adjutants disabled after long

< Service:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,) For each Adjutant Ten Shillings:

For each Quartermaster, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diem; and of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major of Infantry, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Tenpence, and of Artillery Three Shillings:

For each Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) of Infantry, One Shilling and Eightpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and to the Serjeant performing the Duty of both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less) of Infantry, One Shilling and Eightpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For each Serjeant of Infantry, One Shilling and Sixpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Twopence:

For each Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler above Sixteen Years of Age, One Shilling, and under Sixteen Years of Age, Tenpence:

Provided

22" & 23'VICTORIA, c.5J, 117

Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough Rates of Pay or Licence he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above- Fario^hT11 °n mentioned Bates respectively:

And also at Bates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Contingent Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when Fucd* enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instruc- Clothing, tions for the Provision of Clothing for each Serjeant Major, Serjeant, and Drummer on the Disembodied Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

II. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Adjutant, Quartermaster, and Adjutant, &c. Non-commissioned Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall |heI^reta^y of reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every state for War such Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during shall appoint, which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the liegimcnt, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Montlis in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. Every Adjutant, Quartermaster, and Non-commissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Begiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force so employed.

Adjutants, Quartermasters, and Noncommissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties.

IY. The Quartermaster of each Begiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed Quartennas-and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no ^e&ch^ge of Quartermaster is appointed, then the Adjutant of each Begiment of Militia, shall have the Arms and the Charge and Care of the Arms; Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, Clothing, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant, and ^Wfoney the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for for contingent7 defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Expenses on an Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and ^Co^eL 7 other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Balance to form Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or a Stock Purse, other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Pro- Arms may be vided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order WaToffice1 and direct that the Aims, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging stores,by order to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, of Secretary of while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be State for War* conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

V. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or In absence of Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment ^

of Adjutant, the Serjeants and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Quarter- be under the master in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is Command of present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be m^i^din appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Com- his Alienee, of manding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and ^ Serjeant

Quartermaster •>Major*

US

Militia when called oat for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

Volunteers attached to Regiments of the Line to be subject to the Mutiny Act

Certain Officers unfit for Duty entitled to a retired Allow-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54.

Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. The Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances;

Colonel ---------

Lieutenant-Colonel --------

Major ---------

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) - - - -

Lieutenant - -- -- -- -

Ensign - -- -- -- --

Acy'utant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards* ------

„ if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies* ------

„ if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards* -„ if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies* - - -

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff) ------

„ (if holding a Subaltern's Commission, and if not on the

Permanent Staff) - - -

„ (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than 360

Private Men)* ------

„ (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360

Private Men)* - - - - -

Surgeon - - - -

Assistant Surgeon --------

Serjeant Major* --------

Quartermaster Serjeant -------

Paymaster Serjeant* -------

Serjeant (if on the Permanent Staff) - - -

„ (if not on the Permanent Staff) - - - - -

Corporal ---------

Drummer, Bugler or Trumpeter ------

Private - -- -- -- --

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private present at Training and Exercise - - - - - -

* These Rates of Pay, during Training and Exercise only, are in addition to the Daily Rates of Disembodied Pay

granted by Section 1.

Infttntry.  Artillery.

£ s. d. £ 1. d.

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 0 2} 0 0 6

0 0 4| 0 0 4

0 0 4| 0 0 4

0 0 Of 0 0 4

0 1 6£ 0 2 6

0 1 2j 0 1 H

0 0 1 0 0 3

0 1 0 0 1 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

VIL Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, either as Serjeants or Drummers, be allowed Pay whilst so under Instruction, but while they remain so attached they will be under the Command of the Officer commanding the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers of that Regiment, and will be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act

VIII. ‘ And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of ‘ Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland,, * when unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon $ retired Allowance equal to and

f instead

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54.

‘ instead of the Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termi-‘ nation of the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas

* certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been ( placed on a retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted € to them in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty

* King George the Fourth All such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

* t do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I formerly served

4 ! as a in the Militia; that I am not in Holy

4 Orders; and that from the Day of to the

‘ Day of I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

4 or Military, under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond 4 the Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem

4 as a of the said Militia, except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a .'

IX. * And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not unfit 4 for further Service No Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

X. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon s Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XI. Provided always, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kil-mainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

XII. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and their Families of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers and their Families while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

XIII. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be p^id to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such

Regiment,

119

ance, upon making the following Declaration.

Form of Declaration.

Out-Pension to reduced Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to received Pay, &c. during Training.

Adjutants, &c., Non-commissioned Officers, or Privates, not to lose their Bight to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1860,

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Adjutants entitled to Allowance under 39 Sc 40 G. 3. c. 44.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 44. and 26 G. 3. c. 107.

Proviso.

Allowances to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Allowances granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

22° & 23" VICTORIES, c. 54;

Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIV. ( And whereas certain Adjutants are entitled to and have received certain

* Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed ‘ in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, which

* Allowances have been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings ‘ per Ifiem All such Adjutants shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

XV. Every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and continued by any subsequent Act or by this Act, may receive such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Lams relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under Her Majesty, other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under Her Majesty, or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XVI. € And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts ‘ to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or ‘ Infirmity been rendered unfit for further ServiceSuch Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XVII. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Mdesty's Regular Forces and in the ,Militia, if unfit, either by Age or Infirmity, for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,)

To every Adjutant, who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,) Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem:

Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem:

Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem:

Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem:

Provided, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all ( such

121

22" & 23" VICTORIiE, e. 54.

such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War, founded upon such Certificate, the Paymaster-General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always, that no Person 6hall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in suen excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during Which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment.

XVIII. ‘ And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to reduced Adjutants of the f Local Militia:' The said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

XIX. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

‘ T A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as Adjutant in the

* of Local Militia at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in One

* thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any ■c Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the

* Day of One thousand eight hundred and to the Day

* of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold or

€ enjoy, nor did any Person for mC hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period, any e Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other

* Government, besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except my

* Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional

f Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be]/

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy, or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XX. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where

22 & 23 Vict. Q the

Restrictions as to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming the said Allowance.

Allowance to Clerks of Ge-

neral Meetings, &c.

Manner of granting Allowances.

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

Deputy Lien-tenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Pay, kc. to be issued under Directions of the Secretary of State for War.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54.

the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Bates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act.

XXI. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain? and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, sh^ll make ^ Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

4 T do solemnly declare. That the preceding Account, so far as

4 ■*- regards my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me 4 for and in behalf of the Public Service, according to the Manner therein set forth; and 4 the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me.'

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

4 T do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial Schoolmaster

4 * [or Constable or other Officer] of the District of in the

4 Subdivision of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a

4 just and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the 4 Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such 4 Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were 4 actually paid by me.'

And the said Accounts shall he transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Kates specified in tho respective Tables to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper*

XXII. * And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy 4 Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, 4 should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons 4 claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia by reason of bodily Infirmity, 4 and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment s* It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

4 T do solemnly declare, That I will, to the best of my Ability,

4 * faithfully and truly report as to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be 4 submitted to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or 4 Reward whatever for any such Examination.'

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXIII. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by

the

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 54.

the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXIV. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

XXV. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon,

XXVII. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

2.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) ------

For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each -For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants --------

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each

Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each -For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each -

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and

fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals - - -

5. For arranging Subdivsion Lists and making Abstracts thereof, Schedule

(D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary-at-War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher);  videlicet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia ------

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men -* -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

from 401 to 600 Men from 601 to 800 Men from 801 Men and upwards-Q 2

£ s. d.

0 7 6

5 5 0

I 11 6

0 0 6 Q 0 6

0 7 6

2

3

4

5

6

2

3

4

5

6

0

0

0

0

0

123

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

AH Things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, &c.

Continuance of Act

22° & 23° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

6. P\>r striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds,

Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under

Ditto - from 201 to 400 Men - -

Ditto - - - from 401 to 600 Men-

5 Ditto - - - from 601 to 800 Men - -

Ditto - from 801 Men and upwards -

7. ForrTrohble in engrossing m a Book the Names of the Men contained in

each Subdivision Return of Enrohftent, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under - - -

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names - -

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto 251 Names and upwards - -

ff. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the .Officers, aud the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps-Ditto - Two - Ditto - - -

Ditto - Three - Ditto -

No* separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord' Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenants for liis or their Signatures thereto.:

Note.—This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the r General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish

,the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

- I To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of tho Militia is under 300 Men

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -

.[n Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -

f Ditto -: . from 901 Men and upwards

10. For Gopyings, Correspondence* &c. &a:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Mon or under o ( In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men - - -

Ditto - ' -; from 401 to 600 Men - -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Adver-

tisements, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy* whose Certificate shall state that the 6ame were necessary *nd actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably ,to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

i

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of * ;-the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieu-' tenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each f 'Notice

£ s. d.

1 1 0

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

: A

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5- 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

0 0 6

22° & 23" VICTOR LE, c. 54. 125

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or other Conn- & i. d. manding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.)» in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion - - .1 0 0

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing One Regi-; ment. Battalion, or Corps - - - , -200

Ditto - Two - Ditto - - -: 3 0 0

Ditto - Three - Ditto - - - 4 0 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.-; k

0 5 0

0 10

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no

separate Charge being made for writing Letters Or framing Advertisement - - - - -

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter -

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or prin-

cipal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

» For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals, j

For balloting,

t For enrolling, '

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the^

Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for colling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making np Lists - - - 1 - - 220

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up } • * * Lists. - <•* - - * - *15 0

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Cleric in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - - - - - 0150

16t For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in

England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of1 * ' 1

Cornwall, and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men appor- 1 tioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the J ' Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept '0 0 6

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, J or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty,' each Precept - - - - - - - - 0 06

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to servo in the

Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whoso Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed; * J and inserting the Names of nny Persons that have been omitted t6 be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets > 1 for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thoUdand^

Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a

greater or smaller Number of Men - -£2 per 1,000

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule (C.), for the Use

of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apport:■» o \

tionment of the Subdivision is 50 Men and under - - - j2 2 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - - -. Ti 3 Z 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - - -/ A 4 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - - - f 5 5 0

126

A k.d.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54.

19. Fbr making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under •* k

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - - -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - - .

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards - *■

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

20, For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

1 10 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - - -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

0 5 0 0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - - -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names -Ditto from 251 Names and upwards - -

Atid for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

127

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54.

give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under - -

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names - -

Ditto from 31 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names - - -

Ditto from 71 to 100 Names - - -

Ditto from 100 upwards -

25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment

of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under - - -

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Natnes - - -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - -

Ditto from 251 and upwards -

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision as to

correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or oth6r Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - - -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -Ditto from 251 and upwards - - -

£ *. d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 2 0 0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - - - - - 050

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - -010

29. For attendingMeetings of Lieuten a cy, each Meeting - -0100

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per Day - -050

31. For Stationery, per Annum - - - - - - 050

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - - - - -040

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - -010

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - - -040

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and enrolled Men, per

Day - - - - - - - - 640

38. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per Annum 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a

General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account.

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting

to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHE-

There shall be applied for the S&rvice of the Year 1859, the Sum of II,924,362/. lit. out cf the Congo* idated Fund.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 54, 55.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot.

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS. Per Annum.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 - -

Where the Quota is

Above 200 and not exceeding 400 -

Above 400, and not exceeding 500 ... -

And where the Quota exceeds 500, the following Additions for every 100, or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500, and not exceeding 1,000 -

Above 1,000, and not exceeding 2,000 -

Above 2,000, and not exceeding 3,000 -

Above 3,000, and not exceeding 4,000 -

Above 4,000 --------

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant --------

The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

£ s. d.

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 0 0

2 2 0

CAP. LV.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[13th Avgust 1859-]

WE,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, nave resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of Eleven million nine hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly

II. It

22° & 23° VJCTORLE, c. 55.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands to cause or direct any ^Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or ^ums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eleven million nine hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All. and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act

IY. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein*

Y. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eleven million nine hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made fo Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present or in the preceding Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in the whole;a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by Virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

22 & 23 Vict. R IX. There

129

The Treasury may cause 11,924,362* II*.

of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 11,924,3621.

11s.

on the Credit of this Act notwithstanding 5&6W.&M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may apply, for the Service of the Year 1859, 250,106/. 9s. Surplus of Way8 and Means.

Appropriation of Way8 and Means to Ser- -vices hereafter expressed.

22 & 23 Vict, c. 2.

There shall be issued 6,468,003/. for Navy Services; viz .:

579,6951 for Wages to 10,000 additional Seaman and Marines, &c .;

247,212/. for Victuals, &c. in the Navy;

3,000/. for additional Clerks in Whitehall and Somerset House; 100,000/. for Volunteer Force of Seamen;

41,358/. for the Navy Scientific Departments;

103,089/. fbr Naval Establishments at home;

20,083/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

1,077,782/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

39,330/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. abroad;

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

IX. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of Two hundred fifty thousand one hundred and six Pounds Nine Shillings, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the " Sum of Seven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One " thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine," and also the respective Sums of Eleven million nine hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings, and of Two hundred fifty thousand one hundred and six Pounds Nine Shillings, by this Act granted, amounting in the aggregate to the Sum of Nineteen million one hundred seventy-four thousand four hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six million four hundred sixty-eight thousand and three Pounds, for or towards the Navy Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred seventy-nine thousand six hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages, &c. to Ten thousand additional Seamen and Marines, including the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, to provide for the Payment of Gratuities to Seamen now serving in Her Majesty's Ships who have at least Five Years to serve, or who engage to serve for Five Years if so required, which will come in course of Payment in the Eleven Months ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred forty-seven thousand two hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals to additional Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment in the Eleven Months ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to provide for the additional Employment of Clerks in the Establishments of Whitehall and Somerset House, to meet the Increase of Business consequent upon the Addition to the Fleet during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Expense of forming a Volunteer Force of Seamen, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and three thousand and eighty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand and eighty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million seventy-seven thousand seven hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labgurers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Wages to

Artificers,

131

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million one hundred seventeen thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-two thousand two hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred sixty-eight thousand three hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred forty-three thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-three thousand four hundred and sixteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the Victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred four thousand aud eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Packet Service for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

2,117,1801 for Naval Stores, &c .;

467,41 ll for New Works in Naval Establishments;

45,000/. for Medicines, &c .;

52,221/. for Naval Miscellaneous Services; 368,311/. for Naval Half Pay, &c .;

243,957/. for Military Pensions:

88,416/. for Civil Pensions;

175,000/. for Freight of Ships, Victualling, and Conveyance of Troops, &c .; 704,0081 for Packet Service.

XII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shall applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million ninety-nine thousand four for

hundred and twelve Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, certain Amy and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing, Services, viz .: Necessaries, and Provisions, Forage, Fuel and Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea Service, and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad, herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any ios,3751 for further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and eight thousand three Wages of hundred and seventy-five Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Wages of Artificers, Artificers> Sec-Labourers, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums 300,000/. for of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Clothing and Necessaries, which will come in course of Payment JNecessanes» during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-three thousand one 93,180/. for hundred and eighty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Provisions, Forage, Fuel and Provisions, Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the ^^a^Funu* Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and

R 2 any

414,537/. for Stores for Land and Sea Service;

123,500/. for Fortifications;

23,450/. for Works, Buildings, &c .;

36,370/. for Barracks;

2,002,180/. for other Array Services, viz .: 410,000/. for Embodied Militia;

1,8257. for Educational and Scientific Branches;

13,370/. for Rewards for Military

Service;

41,067/. for General Officers;

265,702/. for Reduced and Retired Officers;

95,916/. for Pensions to Widows, and Compassionate List, &c .;

24,433/. for Pensions, &c. to wounded Officers;

17,734/. for In-Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals;

595,380/. for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c .;

73,903/. for Superannuation and Retired Allowances.

462,850/. for Disembodied Militia.

22° & 23° VICTOR! E, c. 55.

any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred fourteen thousand five hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Warlike Stores for Land and Sea Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Fortifications at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Barracks at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million two thousand one hundred and eighty Pounds, for defraying all the other Army Services hereinafter more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and ten thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the educational and scientific Branches, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Rewards for Military Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand and sixty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Pay of General Officers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred sixty-five thousand seven hundred and two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Pay of reduced and retired Officers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-five thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Pensions to Widows of Officers, and of Allowances on the Compassionate List, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Pensions and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand seven hundred and thirty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred ninety-five thousand three hundred and eighty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-three thousand nine hundred and three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Superannuation and Retired Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred sixty-two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of

Payment

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55. 133

Payment in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

XIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shall bo applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Civil Contingencies to the Thirty-first Day of tingencies. °n March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

XIV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred fifty-seven thousand one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million forty-mine thousand eight hundred and 6ixty-four Pounds, to*complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million five hundred fifty-one thousand two hundred and thirteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charges for Post Office Services, and the Collection of the Revenue, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred fifty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other Non-effective Charges, in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.—Class 1.

There shall be issued 657,155L for Customs Department;

1,049,864/. for Inland Revenue Department;

1,551,213/. for Post Office,

&C.J

356,221/. for Superannuations, &c.. Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office.

Civil Services. Class 1.

XV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shaU be applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand nine hundred and 41:98^* eighty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the Maintenance and Repair of RoyafPeaces; the Roym Palaces to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-two thousand seven hundred and 82,740/. for forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Maintenance Maintenance, and Repair of Public Buildings, for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the 6ame, B^dfngsbtem-for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Public Departments, and Charges porary Accom-attendant thereon, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and modation, &c.-, sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, to is,ooo/.for complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for the Supply and Repair of Furniture F«raiture in the various Public Departments to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight ^pa^ents; hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand 58,525/.for five hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge for Works and Expenses at New Houses of the New Houses of Parliament to the Thirty-first Day of March One. thousand eight Parliament $ hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand one 19,1301 for hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to provide Premises in London Probate Courts, and the Country for the Probate Court and District Registries; and any Sum or Sums ^90l for Em of Money not exceeding Five thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Houses, * Expense of Maintenance and Repairs to Embassy Houses, &c. abroad to the Thirty-first &c., abroad Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money 5,500L for new not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred ^nstottooplej and sixty, the Expense of enlarging and completing the new Consular Offices, &c., and the Prison at Constantinople; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty 80,000/. for thousand Pounds, on account of the \V0rk3 at the New Packet Harbour and Harbour of Holyhead Har-Refuge at Holyhead, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and *>owc5 sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand four hundred and three Po^Patrick

Pounds, Harbour •,

70,421/. for Public Buildings in the Department of Public Works in Ireland; 78,847/. for Royal Parks, &c .;

174,0001 for certain Harbours of Refuge.

Civil Services. Cites 2.

There shall be issued 68,959/. for Salaries, &c. of Houses of Parliament;

34,600/. for the Treasury;

17,911/. for the Home Department >

42,800/. for the

Foreign

Department;

21,178/. for Department of Colonies;

10,593/. for Privy Council;

33,942/. for Committee of Privy Council for Trade, &c .;

1,720/. for Lord Privy Seal, &c.j

3,855/. for Civil Service Commission;

18,762/. for Paymaster General's Department; 4,898/. for Department of Comp. Gen. of Exchequer;

19,746/. for Offioe of Com-

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pay of the Establishment and the necessary Works at Port Patrick Harbour to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy thousand four hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of erecting, repairing, and maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-eight thousand eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Expense of maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal Parks, Pleasure Grounds, &c., and other Charges connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and seventy-four thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of constructing certain Harbours of Refuge to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.—Class 2.

XVI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Two Houses of Parliament, and Allowances to retired Officers, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four thousand six hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand nine hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-two thousand eight hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and also of the Queen's Messengers and Extra Couriers attached to that Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand one hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand five hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand nine hundred and forty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, including the Office of the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, and the Expenses of his Establishment, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of conducting the Business of the Civil Service Commission to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand seven hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand seven hundred and forty-

k^

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c.55.

six Pounds* to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand five hundred and fourteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand four hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Public Records, including the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand and fifty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses of the Coinage, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c. to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurers Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Charges, formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Salaries for the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand nine hundred and four Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand two hundred and four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Department of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand one hundred and five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Public Works in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand four hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand six hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Imprest Expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the General Register Office, England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the General Register Office, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One

thousand

135

missioned of Public Works, &c .:

13,514/. for Office of Woods, Forests, &c .;

9,498/. fbr Public Records Department and State Paper Office; 223,369/. for Administration of Poor Laws;

25,052/. for the Mint;

13,925/*-fbr Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Factories, &c .;

3,179/. for Civil Charges* &c., Scotland;

4,4311 for Offi-cers,&c. ofLord Lieutenant of Ireland;

15,904/. for Chief Secretary, &c., Ireland;

5,204/. for Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland;

1,709/. for Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland;

16,105/. for Board of Public Works, Ireland;

22,466/. for Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts;

12,621/. for Copyhold, &c. Commission;

8,680/. fbr Expenses of Copyhold, &c* Commission; 26,300/. for General Register Office, England and Wales;

2,296/. for General Register Office, . Dublin;

136

3,802/. for Registrar General of Births, &c.,Edinburgh;

10,652/. for National Debt Office;

1,300/. for Public Works Loan Commission;

670/. for West India Islands Relief Commission;

2,642/. for Lunacy Commission; .

4

723L for Superintendent of County Roads, S. Wales; 1,128/. for Registrars of Friendly Societies;

22,000/. for Foreign and other Secret Services; 237,111/. for Stationery, &c. for Public Departments;

76,750/. for Postage of Letters on the Public Service.

Civil Skhvices. Class 3.

There shall be issued 31,545/. for Office of Solicitor to the Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, &c. 150,000/. for Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions; 164,275/. for Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, &c. 1,500/. for Crown Office, Queen's Bench; 4,300/. for Department of Registrar of the Admiralty.

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 55.

thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exoeeding Three thousand three hundred and two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand six hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and seventy Pounds, to coin-

f lete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Establishment under the West India slands Relief Commissioners to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and s*ny Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and forty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the contingent Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and Iwenty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thirty-seven thousand one hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, and for Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-six thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.— Class 3.

XVII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand five hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray Law Charges, and the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Office of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, also the Salary and Allowance of Counsel for advising the Treasury on Matters relating to the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Expenses of Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers under the Criminal Justice Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-four thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray certain Charges connected with the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Police in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the Crown Office, Queen's Bench, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand three hundred Pounds to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department

137

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 55.

rnent of the Registrar of the Admiralty, and the Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Commissioners and other Officers, and the Expenses of the Insolvent Debtors Court, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-six thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the County Courts to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Police Courts of the Metropolis to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety thousand six hundred and ten Pounds, to cbmplete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expenses of the Metropolitan Police to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Queen's Prison to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General, Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand and seventy-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Session in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand eight hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions carried on under the Authority of the Lord Advocate to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the legal Branch of the Exchequer in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Charge of Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries, and the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Sheriff* Courts in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to aefray the Salaries of such of the Procurators Fiscal in Scotland as are no longer paid by Fees to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of such of the Sheriff* Clerks, Scotland, as are not chargeable on the Revenues of Customs and Excise to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Salary of the Solicitor of the Crown, and Expenses in Matters of Tithes, and the Expenses of the Agent of the Officers of State in maintaining Rights of the Crown in Civil Actions, &c. in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the several Offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred and forty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissapr Clerk, Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 22 & 23 Vict. S exceeding

5,176/. for Insolvent Debtors* Court j

22,740L for Court of Probate, &c .;

126,150/. for County Courts j

14,130/. for Police Courts of the Metropolis;

90,610/. ibr Metropolitan Police;

2,500/. for Queen's Prison;

2,342/. for Lord Advocate and Solicitor General, Scotland;

12,075/. for Salaries, Court of Session, Scotland;

6,811/. for Court of Justiciary, Scotland;

5,550/ for Criminal Prosecutions by Lord Advocate; 620/. for certain Officers in the Exchequer in Scotland; 50,000/. for Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Scotland; 7,9551 for Procurators Fiscal in Scotland;

5,120/. for

Sheriffs'Clerks,

Scotland;

2,3001 for Salaries of Law Officers in Scotland;

10,8471 for General Register House, Edinburgh;

544/. for Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh;

1,032/. for Department of

138 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

Accountant in Bankruptcy, Scotland;

51,630/. for Criminal Prosecutions, Ireland;

1,671/. for Court of Chancery, Ireland;

1,408/. for Court of Queen's Bench, Ireland;

1,211/. for Court of Common Pleas, Ireland; 10,370/. for Court of Exchequer, Ireland;

200/. for Clerk to Taxing Officers for Law Courts, Ireland; 3,933/. for Registrars to J udges,

Ireland;

1,368/. for Office for Registration of Judgments in Ireland;

300/. for Advocates, High Court of Delegates.

4,282/. for Salaries, &c. of Insolvent Debtors Court, Ireland;

4,105/. for Court of Probate, &c.

Ireland;

4,211/. for Landed Estates Court, Ireland;

450/. for Revising Barristers, Dublin;

300/. for Salary of Clerk to Court of Errors, Ireland;

1,100/. for Salaries of Police Justices, Dublin;

31,378/. for Metropolitan Police, Dublin;

450,768/. for Constabulary Force, Ireland;

exceeding One thousand and thirty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Accountant in Bankruptcy in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-one thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and seventy-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of certain Officers of the Court of Chancery in Ireland formerly charged on the Consolidated Fund to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to defray the Salary of the Clerk to the Taxing Officers for the Three Law Courts, Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges and of the Registrars of Nisi Prius in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray certain Salaries and the incidental Expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, for the Payment of Fees to Advocates appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Salaries of the Judges and Officers and the incidental Expenses of. the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, and the Compensations awarded under the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand one hundred and five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Court of Probate in Ireland, and the Expenses of the said Court, and of the District Registries, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers of the Landed Estates Court, Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and fifty Pounds, for Remuneration to Revising Barristers in the City of Dublin to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to defray the Salary of the Clerk to the Court of Errors, and the incidental Expenses of the said Court and of the Court of Exchequer Chamber, in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Police Justices of Dublin Metropolis to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand three hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to complete the Sura necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred fifty thousand seven

hundred

boogie

139

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c.55.

hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of

the Constabulary Force in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight

hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five

hundred and ninety-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of 8halsea,Dublin*

the Four Courts, Marshalsea Prison, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand

eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand 13,088/. for

and Thirty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Inspection

and general Superintendence over all the Prisons in the United Kingdom to the Thirty-first Prisons, &c .;

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 250,154/. for

exceeding Two hundred fifty thousand one hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to complete the

Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Government Prisons and Convict Establishments at convict Esta*

home to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum blishments at

or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-seven thousand five hundred and bome>

forty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Maintenance Maintenance of

of Prisoners in County Gaols, Reformatory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums, and the Prisoners and

Expenses of the Removal of Convicts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Removal of

hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Convicts;

one hundred and eleven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray Expenses con-

nected with the Transportation of Convicts, &c. to the Thirty-first Day of March One of Convicts;

thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One 159,399/. for

hundred fifty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum Convict Esta-

necessary to defray the Expense of the Convict Establishments in the Colonies to the Thirty- |>1!is^nient? m

first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty. e ° omes*

Civil Services.— Class 4.

Civil Services. Class 4.

XVIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued There shall be and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred eighty-six thousand issued 586,920/. nine hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for ^u^on Public Education in Great Britain to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Great Britain; hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-three thousand 63,394/. for three hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Department of Expenses of the general Management of the Department of Science and Art of the Schools Artj&c ^ throughout the Kingdom in connexion with the Department, and of the Geological Surveys of Great Britain and Ireland, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-nine 169,468/. for thousand four hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray ^on^Irdand^" the Charge for Public Education in Ireland, under the Charge of the Commissioners of ' *

National Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and fifty- 655/. for Secte-five Pounds, to pay the Salary of the Secretary and the Expenses of the Office of the c^mmisiionerg Commissioners of Education in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand 0f Education, eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Ireland; six hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the University of London 3,650/. for to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or London8^ °f Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to pay Grants 7 650/ for to Scottish Universities, formerly defrayed from the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, to Scottish the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Universities; Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and ninety-seven Pounds, to Q^^uni complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Queen's University in Ireland to veraityjr^nd; the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or 2,800/L for Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray certain Queen's Col-Expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand lcscs» Ireland-, eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred 50°/. for Royal Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Irish Academy to the Thirty-first In Academy; . Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money 1,500/.for not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay

Retired

Allowances,

&c. Belfast;

47,425/. for Salaries, &c., British Ma-seum;

12,270/. for new Buildings, &c. British Museum; 15,985/. for National Gallery;

6,439/. for Magnetic Observations abroad, Ac .;

500/. for Royal

Geographical

Society;

1,000/. for Experiments by Royal Society.

Civn. Sbbvicbb, Class 5.

4,050/. for Civil Establishment, Bermudas;

6,628/. for Ecclesiastical Establishments British North America; 2,342/. for Indian Department, Canada; 42,9981 for British Columbia;

24,728/. for West Indian and Colonial Governors;

19,350/. for Justices in West Indies and Mauritius;

10,230/. for Civil Establishments, We6t Coast of Africa;

6,533/. for St Helena;

960/L for Heligoland;

2,067/. for Falkland Islands;

4,299/. for Labuan;

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

the Salaries of the Theological Professors and the incidental Expenses of the General Assembly's College at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-seven thousand four hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum Establishment to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of new Buildings and Fittings at the British Museum to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand nine hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of Magnetic Observations abroad, including the Superintendent's Establishment at Woolwich, also for Observations and Services undler the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, and for Meteorological Observations at Sea, &c., t6 the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to enable the Royal Geographical Society to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to enable the Royal Society to carry on certain Experiments for public Objects in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.— Class 5.

XIX, Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-two thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of British Columbia to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies and certain other Colonies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand five hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray Charges connected with the Island of St. Helena to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Heligoland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and jiny Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and Sixty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Charge of the Falkland Islands to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and ninety-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying

22" & 23" VICTORIA, c. 55.

fraying the Charge of Labuan to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Emigration Board, and of the Emigration Officers at the different Ports of this Kingdom, also to defray certain Expenses connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, Expenses incurred for the Support of captured Negroes and liberated Africans and other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand and fifty Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-six thousand four hundred and four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Consular Establishments abroad to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty-seven thousand three hundred and sixty-three Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.— Class 6.

XX. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sura or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-one thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds, to enable Her Majesty to grant Relief, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, towards the Support of " The Refuge for the Destitute " to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand four hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees, and Allowances to distressed Spaniards, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand one hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, &c., and for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, to the Treasurers of Public Infirmaries in Ireland the Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Rotunda Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Coombe Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty;

141

12,7082. for Emigration Board;

13,000/. for captured Negroes and liberated Africans;

11,050/. for Mixed Commissions,

Slave Trade; 76,404/. for Consular Establishments abroad;. 67,363/. forEs-blishments in China, Japan, and Siam; 20,000/. for extraordinary Disbursements of Embassies abroad.

Civil 8exvicxs* Class 6.

There shall be issued 121,989/. for Superannuation Allowances,

Public Service; 1,170/ for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

325/. for‘ The ReAige for the Destitute;"

3,428/. for Polish Refugees, &c .;

4,176/. for Miscellaneous Allowances;

1,717/. for Treasurers of Public Infirmaries, Ireland; 2,600/. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital;

500/. for Rotunda Lying in Hospital;

100/. for Coombe Lying-in Hospital;

5,6001 for Hospitals of House of Industry;

142

1,500/. for House of Re covery, &. c. Cork Street; 400/. for Meath Hospital;

50/. for St. Mark's Hospital, Dublin j

950/. for Dr. Steevens* Hospital, Dublin;

165/. for Board of Superintendence of Hospitals; 5,931/. for Charitable Allowances, &c., Ireland;

29,193L for Nonconforming, &c. Ministers in Ireland.

Civil Services. Class 7.

There shall be issued 3,588L for Ecclesiastical Commissioners; 11,695/. for Charity Commission;

3,965/. for Local Government Office;

23,914/. for sundry temporary Commissions;

20,095/. for Fees, &c. under Patent Law Amendment Act;

9,254/. for Board of Fisheries, Scotland;

1,000/. for Annuity to Board of Manufacturers, Scotland;

5,000/. for HighlandRoads and Bridges; 900/. for Ancieut Laws of Ireland;

58,700/. for Pensions to Masters, &c.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Meath Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of Doctor Steevens' Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Suras of Money not exceeding Five thousand nine hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty. Charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand one hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Non-conforming Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

Civil Services.— Class 7.

XXI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray a Portion of the Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand six hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London under the Local Government Act to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of sundry temporary Commissions to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand and ninety-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations payable under the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand two hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Charge on account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, on account of the Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Commission appointed to superintend the Publication of the Ancient Laws and Institutes of Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge for Pensions

to

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55. 143

to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows and Children, under of Merchant the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees Servic€» of the Merchant Seamen's Fund, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand ^5g*^^or Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day British Seamen of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Charges on account of distressed abroad; British Seamen abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand 4,000/. for Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and 4Q '

any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum Dues payable necessary to defray the Charge for Payments on account of the Difference oi Dues payable wrier Treaties by British or Foreign Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity to the Thirty-first Day of of Keciprocity; March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not i5,ooo/.for exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to pay the Bounties on Slaves and the Tonnage Bounties on Slave Vessels captured to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight captured; hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand 36,700/. for seven hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One Lighthouses thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Expense of erecting and maintaining certain Light-houses abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to ^ttli * orange defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and River Ter-sixty, the Charge for Half Salary payable to the Officers lately employed in the Settlement ritory; of the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Hope);  and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, for promoting the Improvement of the Kaffirs, and the Government of Settlement and Government of British Kaffraria, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day B. Kaffraria; of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 59,215/. for exceeding Fifty-nine thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds, to complete the Sum S^€n8eSQif necessary to defray Expenses on account of the Treasury Chest to the Thirty-first Day of - 17 5

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 30,000/. for exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, to fulfil the Engagements entered into by Her Majesty's Telegraph Government with certain Submarine Telegraph Companies in the Year ending the Thirty- Companies; first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money 12,000/. for not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray the Cost of the Expedition to the Niger ®^d^.onrto and other Rivers of Africa under the Charge of Dr. Baikie, including the Hire of a Steamer, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand nine hundred and forty-nine 7,9491 for Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Expedition to the River Zambesi, in Africa, under R^rdzambSi* Dr. Livingstone, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand seven 4,700/. for hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries of Inspectors of Corn Returns, and the Expenses ^S^foturns • defrayed by Counties for Corn Returns, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and b04.6** f°r forty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of jomt Stock the Office for the Registration of Joint Stock Companies to the Thirty-first Day of March Companies; One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 70sI. for Re-Seven hundred and three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of aeration of the Salaries and Expenses in the Registration of Designs Office to the Thirty-first Day of Design8 06; March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 11,850/. for' exceeding Eleven thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary Baxters • to defray the Charge for the Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or 1,332/. for Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to com-plete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for the Constabulary Police at the Military Ariershott and Camps of Aldershott and Shorncliffe to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Shorncliffe; hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, 3,000/. for to defray the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums f"un 5 of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards the Formation, in the Year ending Q^[ery of

the Portraits;

2,050?. for defining Boundaries of Counties, Ireland;

2,140?. for Agricultural and Emigration Statistics, Ireland; 28,000?. for Site for new Courts of Law, Four Courts, Dublin;

I, 300?. for Pitcairn Islanders;

II, 440/. for additional Accommodation for General Register House, Edinburgh; 2,000?. for Purchase of Sir G. Hayter's Picture;

1,060?. for Gun Metal for Statues, &c .;

9,988?. for new Rooms, South Kensington Museum;

5,000?. for W. H. Barber;

I, 000?. for repair of Caris-brook Castle;

6,000?. for Improvements at King's College, Aberdeen;

II, 500?. for Improvements at Windsor;

60,000? for new Westminster Bridge; 40,000? for Approaches to Westminster Bridge; 100,000?. for Site for new Foreign Office; 30,000? for new Foreign Office;

22" Sc 23" VICTORIA, c. 53.

the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons in British History; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the Expense of adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, and Parishes in Ireland in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Cost of collecting Agricultural and Emigration Statistics in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Pounds, to enable the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, to purchase certain Ground and Houses required as a Site for a new Court or Courts of Law and Offices in extension of the Four Courts, Dublin, including Costs of Arbitration, incidental Expenses, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pitcairn Islanders in Norfolk Island to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, towards the Erection, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, of a new Building to contain additional Accommodation for Public Offices in connexion with Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, for the Purchase, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, of Sir George Hayter's historical Picture representing the moving the Address to the Crown in the House of Commons on opening the first reformed Parliament in One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and sixty Pounds, for the Purchase, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, of old Gun Metal to be employed in the Construction of colossal Statues of the late Brigadier General Neill to be erected in the County of Ayr, and of the late Sir Henry Havelock to be erected in the Town of Sunderland, and for Gates, Medallions, &c. in the Monument to be erected at Chatham to the Memory of Officers and Men of the Royal Engineers who fell in the Crimean War; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand nine hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of constructing, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, Seven Fire-proof Rooms adjoining the Sheepshanks Gallery at South Kensington, to receive the Yernon, Turner, and other Pictures belonging to the National Gallery, and of a separate Entrance ‘thereto; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds as a Donation to W. H. Barber, in consideration of the Sufferings he has undergone and of his distressed Circumstances; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, for the Repair and Maintenance of Carisbrook Castle in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of erecting improved Class Room Accommodation, new Library, and Professor's House at King's College, Aberdeen, including Repairs upon the existing Buildings, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand five hundred Pounds, for completing, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Embankment Wall in Thames Street, for removing the dilapidated Hundred Steps, and forming a new Approach to the North Terrace, Windsor Castle, from Thames Street; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of erecting a new Bridge at Westminster in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sjim or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Cost of the Formation of the Western Approaches to the new Bridge at Westminster in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of a Portion of the Site of the proposed Foreign Office in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Thirty

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

Thirty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of erecting a new Office for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sura or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, for the Erection of a Pedestal for Baron Marochetti's Statue of Richard Coeur De Lion in Old Palace Yard in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred and forty-one Pounds, to discharge Accounts of the Architect and Surveyor to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Buildings for professional Services rendered by him from Time to Time in reference to Undertakings contemplated by the Commissioners, but not carried out, and for which no Funds were provided; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds, for cleansing the Serpentine River, Hyde Park, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of restoring, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Crinan Canal, which was destroyed by the Failure One of the Embankments, caused by the tempestuous Weather in January and February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred* and thirty-five thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of constructing a Submarine Cable for Telegraphic Communication between England and Gibraltar, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to provide, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, for the Expenses of a Coinage of Copper mixed with other Metal, in substitution of the existing Copper Coinage, including the Cost of the Metal.

XXII. So much of the Act Twenty-second Victoria, Chapter Twenty-three, as limits or restricts the Issue or Application of the several Sums granted to Her Majesty to Services voted in that Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby repealed: and the Sums granted by the said Act and those granted by this Act shall and may be issued and applied generally to any Use, Intent, or Purpose mentioned in or to defray any Payment directed to be satisfied by this Act, or by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty-thtee, anything in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act and by the Act of the last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for Navy and Army Services, shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sums of Six million four hundred sixty-eight thousand and three Pounds granted by this Act, and of Six million three hundred eleven thousand seven hundred and twenty-three Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for Naval Services; and in the Sums of One million ninety-nine thousand four hundred and twelve Pounds granted by this Act, and of Three million eight hundred sixty-two thousand five hundred and forty-six Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for defraying the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing and Necessaries, Provisions, Forage, Fuel, and Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea Service, and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad; and in the Sums of Two million two thousand one hundred and eighty Pounds granted by this Act, and of Six million three hundred fifty-eight thousand and nine Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for all other Army Services: Provided always, that if the Exigencies of the Public Service shall render it indispensably necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the separate Services comprised in the said aggregate Sums granted by this Act or by the Act of the last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for Naval Services or for Army Services, the Department in which such Necessity shall have arisen shall represent the Circumstance which may have led to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and it shall be lawful for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure

22 & 23 Vict. T to

145

1,650/. for Pedestal for a Statue;

5,64 U. for Architect, &c. to Office of Works;

17,000/. for cleansing the Serpentine; 12,0001 for Crinan Canal;

135,000/. for Submarine Telegraph to Gibraltar; 10,000/. for Coinage of mixed Metal.

Repeal of Part of 22 Vict. c. 23. Sums granted to be applied as directed by this or recited Act

Expenditure for Navy and Army Services respectively to be confined to the separate Services for which g-anted.

Treasury may on Application alter the proportionate Amounts for such separate Services, provided the total Graut to each Department be not exceeded.

146 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55.

to that Effect being signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sum of Twelve million seven hundred seventy-nine thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds granted by this Act and by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, for Naval Services, or the aggregate Sum of Thirteen million three hundred twenty-two thousand one hundred and forty-seven Pounds for the respective Army Services specified, shall not be exceeded: Provided also, that there shall be laid before the House of Commons with the Navy and Army Estimates for each Year a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to any Alteration in the Sums appropriated to the respective Votes aforesaid, during the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of December of the preceding Year, together with Copies of the Representations made to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the said Departments.

Boles to be XXIV. And as to the Sums of One hundred sixty-three thousand two hundred and observed in the sixty-nine Pounds, being the Proportion of the Sum of Two hundred sixty-five thousand the 8mm iT ^ 8even hundred and two Pounds by this Act, and of Two hundred thousand Pounds, being propriating1*" the Proportion of the Sum of Two hundred and forty thousand Pounds by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty-three, appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which are applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation to be signified by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three

Times

147

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 55.

Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it Bhall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary-at-War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary-at-War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (exoept as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through the Secretary-at-War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

XXV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

XXVI. * And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay c have not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in

* possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same

* were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and ‘ reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of

T 2 ‘ Ecclesiastical

Not to preYent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices

L.OOQ le

derived from the Crown.

Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.

Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

Imperial Standards of Weights and Measures when to be adjusted.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 55,56.

‘ Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from c the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such ‘ former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXVII. And as to the Sum of Ninety-five thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

XXVIII. Any such Declaration as well as all Declarations for other Army and Navy non-effective Services shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, resident Parish Minister, or other Person now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, relating to Weights and Measures.

[13th August 1859-]

* YINHERE AS it is expedient that the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and c * * Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, ‘ intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, ‘ relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof should be ‘ amended:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. No Model or Copy of any of the Imperial Standards of Weights shall be deemed legal, or used for the Purpose of enforcing the Provisions of this Act or the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, unless the same have been compared or re-verified by the Comptroller General or some other Officer of the Exchequer duly authorized, within Five Years before the Time when it is so used; and no Model or Copy of any of the Imperial Standards of Measures shall be deemed legal or used for the Purposes aforesaid unless it have been compared or re-verified as aforesaid within Ten Years before the Time when it is so used, or, in any County containing more than One District for the Inspection of Weights and Measures, unless such Model or Copy have been compared by the Inspector of Weights

and

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 56. 149

and Measures in the District in which it is used, in the Presence of One Justice of the County, with a Model or Copy of the Imperial Standard of Weight duly compared and verified at the Exchequer within Five Years of its being so used, and found on such Comparison by such Inspector to be correct, or with a Model or Copy of the Imperial Standard of Measure duly compared and verified at the Exchequer within Ten Years of its being so used, and found on such Comparison by such Inspector to be correct; and the Expenses incurred in and about such Comparison or lie-verification of any such Model or Copy of any Imperial Standard of Weight or Measure shall in all Cases be paid in the same Manner and out of the same Funds as is provided for the procuring of such Models and Copies.

II. No Person shall wilfully or knowingly make or sell, or cause to be made or sold, any Penalty for false or unjust Beam, Scale, or Balance, or any light or unjust Weight or Measure; and

every Person who shall commit any such Offence shall upon being convicted thereof forfeit Beams and and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds as shall be adjudged by the Justice, Sheriff, Scales or or Magistrate before whom any such Conviction shall take place.

III. It shall be lawful for every Inspector of Weights and Measures, or other Person or p0wer to Persons duly appointed to inspect Weights and Measures, at all reasonable Times to inspect Inspectors to all Beams, Scales, and Balances, and Weights and Measures, in the Possession of any Person

selling, offering, or exposing for Sale any Goods on any open Ground, or in any public possession of Street, Lane, Thoroughfare, or other open Plapc; and if upon such Inspection or Exami- Persons selling nation any such Beams, Scales, or Balances, or Weights or Measures, shall be found light or unjust, or otherwise contrary to the Provisions of this Act or the herein-before recited Act, or if any Fraud be wilfully committed in the using thereof, the same shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, and the Person or Persons using or having in his or her Possession any such false or unjust Beams, Scales, or Balances, or light or unjust Weights or Measures, shall be liable to any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

Municipal Corporations to appoint Inspectors of Weights and Measures.

every the Powers and Authorities concerning Weights and Measures, and the providing of Copies of the Imperial Standard Weights and Measures verified and stamped at the Exchequer, and the Inspection, Examination, and Seizure of all unjust Weights and Measures, and the Appointment and Authorization of such Inspectors and Examiners, as are by Law now vested in, used and exercised by, any Justices of the Peace assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions in any County in England and Wales, within the Limits of their Commission, under or by virtue of the Statute passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof, or under or by virtue of any other Law or Statute whatsoever; and that such Inspectors and Examiners so appointed by such Town Councils as aforesaid, and duly authorized by Warrant or other Authority in Writing under the Hand of the Mayor of any such Borough for the Time being, and under the Corporate Common Seal of any such Town Council as aforesaid, shall have, possess, and exercise the same or the like Powers of entering Shops, Stores, Warehouses, Manufactories, Stalls, Yards, and Places, within any such Borough, and of examining, comparing, trying, and seizing any such Weights or Measures, as are now had, possessed, or exercised by any Inspectors or Examiners authorized or appointed in Counties by such Justices as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the Statute lastly herein-before referred to, or under or by virtue of any Law or Statute whatsoever; and all the penal and other Provisions of such Statute or of any such Statutes, so far as they are not repugnant to or inconsistent with this Enactment, shall apply to all such

Boroughs,

IV. Q And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Authority by or under which Inspectors ( and Examiners of Weights and Measures in certain Municipal Boroughs have been here-‘ tofore authorized and appointed:' Be it therefore enacted. That the Town Councils of all Municipal Boroughs in England and Wales incorporated under the Provisions of the Statute passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, to which a separate Court of Quarter Sessions has been granted, shall have respectively, and they are hereby authorized and empowered henceforth to use and exercise, solely within their respective Boroughs, all and

150 22" & 23" VICTORIA, o. 56.

Boroughs, Town Councils, Inspectors, and Examiners respectively, and to all Weights and Measures used or to be used in such Boroughs respectively, and to the Examination, Comparison, Trial, and Seizure thereof; and every such Council shall and lawfully may pay from Time to Time to such Inspectors and Examiners so appointed by them respectively, out of the Borough Funds or Borough Rates of such Boroughs respectively, such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances as each such Council respectively shall deem reasonable, and also out of the same Funds or Rates shall pay and defray all Costs incidental to the providing of the said Copies of the Imperial Standard Weights and Measures, and of carrying out the said last-mentioned Act and this Act within such Boroughs; and all Fees, Penalties, and Monies which but for this Act would have been payable to the County Stock or Fund shall be paid into and go in aid of the Borough Fund of such Borough: On the Exercise of any of such Powers by the Town Council of any such Municipal Borough, and on written Notice under the Corporate Common Seal of such Borough being given of the Exercise of any of such Powers to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division in which such Borough shall be situate, and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Day on which such Notice shall be given or left at the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace, all the Powers and Authorities of all Inspectors or Examiners appointed by the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Division shall, as to such Borough, and all Weights and Measures therein, cease and be absolutely at an End.

Inspectors Y. * And whereas since the passing of the said Act Measures for Liquids have been

stom01Measmes * constructed with a small Window or transparent Part through which the Contents, altSmghmadT * whether to the Brim or to any other Index thereof, may be seen without Impediment, partly of Glass, c and the Use of such Measures by Publicans and others in the Retail of Malt Liquors and &c* f Spirits and other exciseable Liquids would be attended with Advantage both to the

( Purchaser and SellerBe it therefore further enacted. That Measures for such Liquids which shall correspond in Capacity with the Standards, or Parts or Multiples thereof, respectively deposited in the Exchequer, although such Measures may be made partly of Copper or other Metal and partly of Glass or other transparent Medium, may be examined, compared, and stamped by all Inspectors of Weights and Measures, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: That Measures for such Liquids, the Capacity of which shall exceed the Standard or Parts or Multiples of the respective Imperial Standard Measures deposited in the Court of Exchequer, but which shall have the Capacity of such Standards or Parts or Multiples thereof respectively indicated by a level Line drawn through the Centre of the Window or transparent Part, although such Measures may be made partly of Copper or other Metal and partly of Glass or other transparent Medium, may be examined, compared, and stamped by all Inspectors of Weights and Measures, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Owners of VI. It shall be lawful for the Owners or Managers of any public Market where Goods

Market*10 p*0- are exposed or kept for Sale, and they are hereby required, to provide proper Beams, Scales, ScJes, and Balances, and Weights and Measures, or other Machines, for the Purpose of weighing

or measuring all Goods sold, offered, or exposed for Sale in any such Market, and to deposit the same at the Office of the Clerk or Toll Collector of such Market, or some other convenient Place, and to have the Accuracy of all such Beams, Scales, and Balances, and Weights and Measures, or other Machines, tested at least Twice in every Year by the Inspector of Weights and Measures of and for the County or District where any such Market is situate; and all Expenses attending the Purchase thereof, and for adjusting and testing the same, shall be paid out of the Monies collected for Tolls in any such Market; and such Clerk or Toll Collector shall at all reasonable Times, whenever called upon so to do, weigh or measure all Goods which shall have been sold, offered, or exposed for Sale in any such Market, upon Payment of such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be decided upon by the said Owners or Managers, subject to the Approval and Revision of the Justices in General or Quarter Session assembled if such Market be in England, or of the Sheriff if it be in Scotland.

VIL It

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 56, 57. 151

VII. It shall be lawful for every Clerk or Toll Collector of any public Market, at all reasonable Times, to weigh or measure all Goods sold, offered, or exposed for Sale in any Markets to such Market; and if upon such weighing or measuring any such Goods shall be found inspect Goods deficient in Weight or Measure, or otherwise contrary to the Provisions of this Act or the herein-before recited Act, every such Clerk or Toll Collector is hereby authorized and foun^feficwnt required to summon the Person selling, offering, or exposing for Sale, or causing to be sold, to summon the offered, or exposed for Sale, any such Goods before any Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate Offender, having Jurisdiction in the County or District where any such Market is situate; and every

such Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate shall, upon Proof thereof, convict the Offender or Offenders in the respective Penalties by this Act or the said recited Act imposed, and shall from Time to Time award to any such Clerk or Toll Collector such reasonable Remuneration (to be paid out of the said Penalties) as to him shall seem fit,

VIII. For every Offence against or Disobedience to the Provisions of this Act or the Penalties, herein-before recited Act for which no special Penalty is provided, the Offender shall, at

the Discretion of the Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate before whom any such Conviction shall take place, be liable to any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, as shall be adjudged by such Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate.

IX. This Act shall be construed and taken together with the said recited Act of the Act how to be Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, so far as the Provisions of construed, the same are consistent herewith: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to apply to any Action or Proceeding now pending or which may be commenced previous to this Act coming into operation.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Not to abridge or be construed to extend, to supersede, limit, take away, lessen, or prevent the Authority ^

which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person appointed at any &c.

Court Leet for any Hundred or Manor, or any Jury or Ward Inquest may have or possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking, or destroying any Weights, Balances, or Measures or Goods, deficient in Weight or Measure, within their respective Jurisdictions, and presenting the same at the Court Leet, or the Power given by any Act or Acts now in force to Justices or other Authorities to appoint Examiners for the Inspection of Weights and Measures.

XI. The Powers heretofore lawfully belonging to the Universities of Oxford and Powers of Uni-Cambridge respectively shall continue in full Force anything in this Act contained notwith-standing.

XII* This Act shall not extend to Ireland. Extent of Act.

CAP. LVII.

An Act limiting the Power of Imprisonment for Small Debts exercised by the County Court Judges. [13th August 1859-]

* \17HEREAS it is expedient to limit the Power of Imprisonment by Judges of County € " Courts:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

I. That if a Party summoned under and by virtue of the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Power of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-five, Section Ninety-eight, shall not attend as required by such Summons, or allege a sufficient Excuse for not attending, it shall not be lawful for the judges under Judge before whom such Party shall have been so summoned to order that such Party shall 9 & 10 Vict, be committed to Prison, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Judge that such

Party,

152

unless Credit obtained by Fraud.

Commissioners constituted a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 57, 58.

Party, if a Defendant, in incurring the Debt or Liability which is the Subject of the Action in which Judgment has been obtained, has obtained Credit from the Plaintiff under false Pretenoes, or by means of Fraud or Breach of Trust, or has wilfully contracted such Debt or Liability without having had at the same Time a reasonable Expectation of being able to pay or discharge the same, or shall have made or caused to be made any Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of any Property, or shall have charged, removed, or concealed the same with Intent to defraud his Creditors or any of them, or has then or has had since the Judgment obtained against him sufficient Means and Ability to pay the Debt or Damages or Costs so recovered against him, either altogether, or by any Instalment or Instalments which the Court in which the J udgment was obtained shall have ordered, and shall have refused or neglected to pay the same.

CAP. LVill.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Space for the Western Approach to Westminster New Bridge. [13th August 18590

‘ V17HEREAS by the Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, after reciting, among other Things, ‘ ™ * that it was necessary that a new Bridge at Westminster should be constructed, and

* that it was expedient that the Construction of such new Bridge, and of the necessary and € proper Approaches thereto, should be intrusted to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's ‘ Works and Public Buildings, and that for that Purpose the then existing Bridge, together c with the Westminster Bridge Estate therein mentioned, should be transferred to and

* vested in the said Commissioners, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public

* Buildings for the Time being were by the said Act incorporated by the Name and Style ‘ of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, in order to enable

* them to carry into effect and execute the several Objects, Powers, and Purposes of the ‘ Act now in recital; and by the said Act the said then existing Bridge and the said West-‘ minster Bridge Estate were vested in the said Commissioners, and certain Powers of ‘ acquiring, by compulsory Purchase or otherwise the Hereditaments specified in the

* Second Schedule thereto, together with certain other Powers in the said Act now in ‘ recital mentioned or referred to, were thereby either expressly or by reference to a certain ‘ other Act therein cited given to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and ( Public Buildings, and certain other Provisions, Directions, and Enactments in aid of the ‘ Objects and Purposes of the Act now in recital were therein expressly or by reference ‘ to other Acts contained and enacted: And whereas the said intended new Bridge is ‘ now in course of Construction, and it would be of great public Utility if the Western 4 Approach to the said new Bridge was widened and improved: And whereas a Map or ‘ Plan describing the Hereditaments to be acquired by the said Commissioners under the

* Authority of this Act has been prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preseut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That for the Purposes of this Act, and of all Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done under the Authority of this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall be and they are hereby constituted a Corporation by the Name and Style of " The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public " Buildings," in order to enable them to carry into effect and execute the several Objects, Powers, and Purposes of this Act, and by that Name, and for the Purposes of this Act, they shall have perpetual Succession, and use a Commoli Seal, which may be by them from Time to Time altered as they shall think fit, and shall and may sue and be sued, implead and be

impleaded,

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 58. 153

implealed, and take Land and Hereditaments to them and their Successors for ever for the Purposes of this Act.

II. The said Map or Plan describing the Hereditaments to be acquired by the Com- Tlan to be de-

missioners under the Authority of this Act shall be deposited at the Office of the ^

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and shall remain at the said works, &<*., Office, to the end that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and and be open for peruse the same at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection. Inspection.

III. All the Powers by the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, either expressly or by Powers and reference to the Acts therein cited, or either of them, given to the said Commissioners of

Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with regard to the Hereditaments specified in 46. 1

the Second Schedule to the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, shall be given to and are extended to hereby vested in the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with *****Act regard to the Hereditaments specified in the Schedule hereto, and all the Provisions,

Directions, and Enactments in the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, either expressly or by reference to the other Acts therein cited, or either of them, contained (except as herein otherwise specially provided for) shall be construed in all respects as if the Hereditaments specified in the Schedule hereto had been specified in the Second Schedule to the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853: Provided always, that nothing herein contained or referred to shall authorize the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to exercise any compulsory Powers for taking any of the Hereditaments specified in the Schedule hereto beyond the Period of Five Years from the passing of this Act, but during such Period such Powers shall continue in force.

IY. The Price or Consideration which may be payable by the said Commissioners for any of the Hereditaments to be purchased or acquired by them under the Authority or for the Purposes of this Act, and also the Costs and Expenses incident to such Purchases, or which may be incurred by them in widening and improving the Approaches to the said New Bridge, shall be paid and defrayed out of such Monies as Parliament may provide and place at the Disposal of the said Commissioners for those Purposes.

Y. If any Proceedings shall be taken for the Recovery of the Possession of any Hereditaments purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, then within Two Months after any Judgment shall be obtained by any Person for the Recovery of the Possession of any such Premises there shall be paid or tendered to any Person so obtaining such Judgment, in lieu of such Premises, his Costs on any Proceeding for the obtaining such Judgment, together with such Sum of Money as a Jury shall in the Manner herein-after mentioned find to have been the Value of the said Premises at the Time when the same were conveyed for the Purposes of this Act, or the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, as the Case may be, or when Possession thereof was taken as aforesaid, and the Jury who shall try any Proceeding brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Premises as aforesaid shall at the same Time ascertain the Value of such Premises at the Time when they were conveyed for the Purposes of this Act, or the said Westminster Bridge Act, 1853, or when Possession was taken thereof, and the Value so found shall be certified by the presiding Judge under his Hand, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Person seeking to recover Possession of the same Premises; and such Value shall be the Amount to be paid in lieu of the said Premises, and the same shall be paid by the Commissioners out of Monies in their Hands applicable for the Purposes of this Act or the said last-mentioned Act, as the Case may be, and the said Hereditaments, the Possession whereof was so sought to be recovered, shall remain vested in the Commissioners and their Successors for the Purposes of this Act, or the said last-mentioned Act, as the Case may be, such Amount or Value being taken and accepted in lieu thereof

VI. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any of the Deeds to be Land by this Act or by " The Westminster Bridge Act, 1853," authorized to be purchased, enrolled in the shall be conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Exchequer. Buildings for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the Records of Her 22 & 23 Vict. U Majesty's

Price paid for Hereditaments, fend Costs incident to such Purchases, &c., to be paid out of Monies provided by Parliament.

Costs and such Sum as Jury may find, to be paid to Person obtaining Judgment in lieu of Premises.

154 22° & 23• VICTORIiE, c. 58.

Majesty^ Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Books of the said Commissioners; and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument when so enrolled shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be as good and available in the Law, and of the like Force and Effect in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or a Memorial thereof had been registered in the Office appointed for Registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Land and Tenements in the County of Middlesex, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Short Title, YIL It shall be sufficient for all Purposes to cite this Act as " The Westminster Bridge Act, 1859."

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

Westminster New Bridge (Western Approach).

Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

Na on

Plan.

No.

in

Street

Description of Property.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

32

Dwelling House, part of FendalTs Hotel.

2 33

3 14

4 15

5 16

6 17

7 18

8 19

9 20

10 21

11 22

12 23

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House; other part of FendalPs Hotel.

Dwelling House and Shop; the Exchequer Cigar Divan.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House; part of the King's Arms Hotel.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House; The Horseshoe and Magpie, P.H.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Parliament Street.

PSir Charles Mon-tolieu Lamb, Archibald Lamb, The Earl of Eg-< lington, Sir Frederick Leopold Arthur, Bart, Henry Danby L Seymour.

Bridge Street.

Sir Charles Mon-tolieu Lamb, Archibald Lamb, The Earl of Eg-> linton, Sir Frederick Leopold Arthur, Bart., Henry Danby Seymour.

John Lettsom Elliot; James Wat-ney.

William Aldwin Soames.

Jacob Cole

Charles Brumfit -

Edward Milns

Charles Brumfit -

Charles Ritchie, Charles Brumfit.

William Henry Pope Rowe.

Morris Despland Roux.

William Fry

Henry Lucas William Painter -

Charles Brumfit.

Edward Milns.

Charles Brumfit.

Charles Brumfit

William Henry Pope Rowe.

Robert Gadsden. Charles Gibbons.

Morris Despland Roux. William Fry.

Henry Lucas.

William Painter.

William Painter.

Jacob Cole, Henry

Thomas Cole.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 58.

155

No. on Plan. No. in Street. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Bridge Street—continued.

13 24 Dwelling House and Shop. William Aldwin Soames. William Darke John Fill, Lazarus Leopard.

14 25 Dwelling House and 8hop. Susan Newman William Darke Lazarus Leopard, Samuel James John Hind, Secretary for the Schoolmasters and General Mutual Assurance Society, Samuel James John Hind.

15 26 Dwelling House and Shop. Sir Archer Denman Croft, Bt, Charles Lane, Trustees of the Will of Mrs. Martha Henhaw, deceased. William Wybroo - William Wybroo.

16 27 Dwelling House and Shop. William Aldwin Soames. Edmund David Fitzgerald, Maria Fitzgerald. Edmund David Fitzgerald, Maria Fitzgerald.

17 28 Dwelling House; the Oliver's Coffee House. The Trustees of the Charity Estate of the Parish of St. Sepulchre, in the City of London, called " Newcastle Gift." John Denton John Denton.

New Palace Yard.

18 Dwelling House, other Part of Fendall's Hotel. Sir Charles Mon-tolieu Lamb, Ar- Charles Brumfit -

19 2&3 Dwelling House; other Part of the King's Arms Hotel. chibald Lamb, The Earl of Eg->■ linton, Sir Fre-

20 4 Dwelling House and Offices. derick Leopold Arthur, Bart., William Bryden -

21 5 Dwelling House and Offices. Henry Danby Seymour. John Baldry Redman.

22 6 Dwelling House «» Hester Bray Corbyn

23 7 Dwelling House and Offices, The Trustees of the Charity Estate of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, called " Newcastle Gift." Thomas Knox Holmes, James Anton, Walter Turnbull,

24 8 Dwelling House and Offices. William Aldwin Soames. Alexander Woodlands Makinson.

25 9 Dwelling House and Offices. William Aldwin Soames. Adam Clarke Hook, Charles Ritchie, Edward Bernard Neill.

2<? 10 Dwelling House and Offices. John Taylor, Eliza Gibbons, Robert Gibbons. U 2 Theodore Martin -

Charles Brumfit, Charles Gibbons.

William Bryden, J ames Noel Hooke Robinson.

John Baldly Redman.

Hester Bray Corbyn.

James Parker Deane, Sir John Dorney Harding,CbarlesMor-ris Merttins Swabey, Thomas Spinks.

Alexander Woodlands Makinson, Edward Woods.

Edward Bernard Neill.

Theodore Martin.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 58,59.

No. on Plan. No. in Street. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

New Palace Yard—continued.

27 11 Dwelling House and Offices Catharine Haggitt - Samuel Cook Frankish, Robert Gal-land. Samuel Cook Frankish, Robert Galland.

28 » Public Street or Way The Board of Works for the Westminster District. The Board of Works for the Westminster District, the Chartered Gas Light Company, the Chelsea Waterworks Com -pany, the Public.

29 Public Street or Way The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, the Chartered Gas Light Company, the Chelsea Waterworks Company, the Public.

CAP. LIX.

Short Title.

" Railway Companies."

An Act to enable Railway Companies to settle their Differences with other Companies by Arbitration. [13th August 1859-]

T^OR the better providing for the Settlement by Arbitration of Matters in which Railway 1 Companies in the United Kingdom are mutually interested, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

I. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " Railway Companies Arbitration Act, u 1859;" and the Expression " Railway Companies" in this Act extends to and includes all Persons being the Owners or Lessees of, and all Contractors working any Railway upon which Steam Power is used.

Power for Rail- II. Any Two or more Railway Companies, whether already or hereafter incorporated

way?°1M>anieS this Act called "the Companies"), from Time to Time, by Writing under their respec-

to Arbitration" ^ve Common Seals, may agree to refer and may refer to Arbitration, in accordance with this Act, any then existing or future Differences, Questions, or othei* Matters whatsoever in which they then are or thereafter shall be mutually interested, and which they might lawfully settle or dispose of by Agreement between themselves, and may delegate to the Person or Persons to whom the Reference is made any Power to determine all or any of the Terms of any ^Contract to be made between the Companies which the Directors of the Companies respectively might lawfully delegate to any Committees of themselves respectively.

Power to alter III. The Companies jointly, but not otherwise, from Time to Time, by Writing under or revoke their respective Common Seals, may add to, alter, or revoke any Agreement for Reference greementa or jn accordance with this Act theretofore entered into between the Companies, or any of the Terms, Conditions, or Stipulations thereof.

IV. Every Reference or Agreement in accordance with this Act, except so far as it is from Time to Time revoked or modified in accordance with this Act, shall bind the Companies, and may and shall be carried into full Effect.

V. Where

Reference.

Agreements to be carried into effect

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 59.

Y. Where the Companies agree, the Reference shall be made to a single Arbitrator.

VI. Except where the Companies agree that the Reference shall be made to a single Arbitrator, the Reference shall be made as follows; to wit.

Where there are Two Companies the Reference shall be made to Two Arbitrators:

Where there are Three or more Companies the Reference shall be made to so many Arbitrators as there are Companies.

VII. Where there are to be Two or more Arbitrators, every Company shall by Writing under their Common Seal appoint One of the Arbitrator*, and shall give Notice in Writing thereof to the other Company or Companies.

VIII. Where there are to be Two or more Arbitrators, if any of the Companies fail to appoint an Arbitrator within Fourteen Days after being thereunto requested in Writing by the other Company, or by the other Companies or any of them, then, on the Application of the Companies or any of them, the Board of Trade, instead of the Company so failing to appoint an Arbitrator, may appoint an Arbitrator; and the Arbitrator so appointed shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be appointed by the Company so failing.

IX. When the Reference is made to Two or more Arbitrators, if before the Matters referred to them are determined any Arbitrator dies, or becomes incapable or unfit, or for Seven consecutive Days fails to act as Arbitrator, the Company by which he was appointed shall by Writing under their Common Seal appoint an Arbitrator in his Place.

X. Where the Company by which an Arbitrator ought to be appointed in the Place of the Arbitrator so deceased, incapable, unfit, or failing to act, fail to make the Appointment within Fourteen Days after being thereunto requested in Writing by the other Company, or by the other Companies or any of them, then, on the Application of the Companies or any of them, the Board of Trade may appoint an Arbitrator; and the Arbitrator so appointed by the Board of Trade shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be appointed by the Company so failing.

XI. When any Appointment of an Arbitrator is made, the Company making the Appointment shall have no Power to revoke the Appointment, without the previous Consent in Writing of the other Company, or every other Company in Writing under their Common Seal.

XII. Where Two or more Arbitrators are appointed, they shall, before entering on the Business of the Reference, appoint by Writing under their Hands an impartial and qualified Person to be their Umpire.

XIII. If the Arbitrators do not appoint an Umpire within Seven Days after the Reference is made to the Arbitrators, then, on the Application of the Companies, or any of them, the Board of Trade may appoint an Umpire; and the Umpire so appointed shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be appointed by the Arbitrators.

XIV. Where Two or more Arbitrators are appointed, if before the Matters referred to them are determined their Umpire dies, or becomes incapable or unfit, or for Seven consecutive Days fails to act as Umpire, the Arbitrators shall by Writing under their Hands appoint an impartial and qualified Person to be their Umpire in his Place.

XV. If the Arbitrators fail to appoint an Umpire within Seven Days after Notice in Writing to them of the Decease, Incapacity, Unfitness, or Failure to act of their Umpire, then, on the Application of the Companies, or any of them, the Board of Trade may appoint an Umpire; and the Umpire so appointed shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be appointed by the Arbitrators so failing.

XVI. Every Arbitrator appointed in the Place of a preceding Arbitrator, and every Umpire appointed in the Place of a preceding Umpire, shall respectively have the like Powers and Authorities as his respective Predecessor.

XVII. Where there are Two or more Arbitrators, if they do not, within such a Time as the Companies agree on, or, failing such Agreement, within Thirty Days next after the

Reference

157

Reference to Arbitrator.

Reference to Two or more Arbitrators.

Appointment of Arbitrators by Companies.

Appointment of Arbitrators by Board of Trade.

Appointment of Arbitrators by Companies to supply Vacancies.

Appointment of Arbitrators by Board of Trade to supply Vacancies.

Appointment of Arbitrator not revocable.

Appointment of Umpire by Arbitrators.

Appointment of Umpire by Board of Trade

Appointment of Umpire by Arbitrators to supply Vacancy.

Appointment of Umpire by Board of Trade to supply Vacancy.

Succeeding Arbitrators and Umpires to have Powers of Predecessors. Reference to Umpire.

Power for

Arbitrators,

&c. to call for Books, &c., and administer Oath.

Procedure in the Arbitration.

Arbitration may proceed in Absence of Companies.

Several Awards may be made.

Awards made in due Time to bind all Parties.

Power for Umpire to extend Period for making his Award.

Awards not to be let aside for Informality.

Awards to be

obeyed.

Agreements, Arbitrations, and Awards to have Effect

22" & 23° VICTORIA, c. 59.

Reference is made to the Arbitrators, agree on their Award thereon, then the Matters referred to them, or such of those Matters as are not then determined, shall stand referred to their Umpire.

XVIII. The Arbitrator, and the Arbitrators, and the Umpire respectively may call for the Production of any Documents or Evidence in the Possession or Power of the Companies respectively, or which they respectively can produce, and which the Arbitrator, of the Arbitrators, or the Umpire shall think necessary for determining the Matters referred, and may examine the Witnesses of the Companies respectively on Oath, and may administer the requisite Oath; and in Scotland may grant Diligence for the Kecovery of the Documents or Evidence, and for citing Witnesses, and on Application to the Lord Ordinary he may issue Letters of Supplement or other necessary Writs in support of the Diligence.

XIX Except where and as the Companies otherwise agree, the Arbitrator, and the Arbitrators, and the Umpire respectively may proceed in the Business of the Reference in such Manner as he and they respectively shall think fit.

XX. The Arbitrator, and the Arbitrators, and the Umpire respectively may proceed in the Absence of all or any of the Companies in every Case in which, after giving Notice in that Behalf to the Companies respectively, the Arbitrator, or the Arbitrators, or the Umpire shall think fit so to proceed.

XXI. The Arbitrator, and the Arbitrators, and the Umpire respectively may, if he and they respectively think fit, make several Awards, each on Part of the Matters referred, instead of One Award on all the Matters referred; and every such Award on Part of the Matters shall for such Time as shall be stated in the Award, the same being such as shall have been specified in the Agreement for Arbitration, or in the event of no Time having been so specified, for any Time which the Arbitrator may be legally entitled to fix, be binding as to all the Matters to which it extends, and as if the Matters awarded on were all the Matters referred, and that notwithstanding the other Matters or any of them be not then or thereafter awarded on.

XXII. The Award of the Arbitrator, or of the Arbitrators, or of the Umpire, if made in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, and ready to be delivered to the Companies within such a Time as the Companies agree on, or, failing such Agreement, within Thirty Days next after the Matters in difference are referred to (as the Case may be) the Arbitrator, or the Arbitrators, or the Umpire, shall be binding and conclusive on all the Companies.

XXIII. Provided always. That (except where and as the Companies otherwise agree) the Umpire, from Time to Time by Writing under his Hand, may extend the Period within which his Award is to be made; and if it be made and ready to be delivered within the extended Time, it shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the prescribed Period.

XXIV. No Award made on any Arbitration in accordance with this Act shall be set

aside for any Irregularity or Informality. •

XXV. Except only so far as the Companies bound by any Award in accordance with this Act from Time to Time otherwise agree, all Things by every Award in accordance with this Act lawfully required to be done, omitted, or suffered shall be done, omitted, or suffered accordingly.

XXVI. Full Effect shall be given by all the Superior Courts of Law and Equity in the United Kingdom, according to their respective Jurisdiction, and by the Companies respectively, and otherwise, to all Agreements, References, Arbitrations, and Awards in accordance with this Act; and the Performance or Observance thereof may, where the Courts think fit, be compelled by Distress infinite on the Property of the Companies respectively, or by any other Process against the Companies respectively or their respective Property that the Courts or any Judge thereof shall direct, and where requisite frame for the Purpose.

XXVIL Except

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 59,60.

XXVII. Except where and as the Companies otherwise agree, the Costs of and attending the Arbitration and the Award shall be in the Discretion of the Arbitrator, and the Arbi* trators, and the Umpire respectively.

XXVIII. Except where and as the Companies otherwise agree, and if and so far as the Award does not otherwise determine, the Costs of and attending the Arbitration and the Award shall be borne and paid by the Companies in equal Shares, and in other respects the Companies shall bear their own respective Costs.

XXIX. The Submission to any Arbitration in accordance with this Act may at any Time be made a Rule of any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster, or, as the Case may be, at Dublin, on the Application of any Party interested; and the Court may remit the Matter to the Arbitrator, or to the Arbitrators, or to the Umpire, with any Directions the Court think fit.

CAP. LX.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven, relating to the laying down of Railways at Holyhead Harbour. [13th August 1859.J

e YI^HEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign ‘ * * of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven, it was amongst other Things

€ enacted, that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury might from Time to Time as ‘ they might deem expedient authorize the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to con-‘ struct Works in or in connexion with the Harbours and inner Pier at Holyhead, or to make ‘ Communications with the said Harbours and Pier, or to lay down a Railway or Railways ‘ in the said Pier, and to make other Arrangements for facilitating the landing or embarking € in and from such Harbours and Pier of Passengers, Goods, Cattle, and Merchandise upon ‘ such Terms and subject to such Conditions as the said Commissioners might think fit: ‘ And whereas various Works for the Improvement of the said Harbour have been con-€ structed since the passing of the said Act, and others are in progress or contemplation, ‘ including a new Harbour of Refuge and a new Steamboat Pier: And whereas the said ‘ Company have constructed a Horse Railway or Tramway for the Conveyance of the ‘ Traffic passing along the Chester and Holyhead Railway to and from the Harbour and Pier ‘ at Holyhead, and it would be of great Convenience to the Public if Power were given to c the proper Authorities to permit the Use of the said Horse Railway or Tramway with f Locomotive Engines:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Assent and during the Pleasure of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and of the Board of Trade, may authorize the Use of the present Horse Railway or Tramway with Locomotive Engines for such Period and on such Terms as thev shall from Time to Time think fit, and the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company shall during such Use at all Times maintain the said Railway and Works fit for the Passage of Locomotive Engines: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the Company to acquire any Rights in the Lands vested in the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in any of the Water Frontage of the said Lands.

II. c And whereas the said Railway crosses on the Level Two public Carriage Roads Therefore, for the greater Convenience and Security of the Public, the Company shall erect

and

159

Costs of Arbitration and Award.

Payment of Costs.

Submission to Arbitration to be made a Rule of Court

13 A 14 Vist c. 111.

Treasury, Ae. may authorise Company to use Tramway with Locomotive Engines, with Consent of Board of Trade.

Station or Lodge to be erected at

lf>0

Point! of Crossing.

Land, if required, to be taken by Agreement only.

Compensation to Owners, &c. of Houses and Premises injuriously affected by the Alteration of the Tramway into a Railway.

20 & 21 Vict, c. 85.

Judges of the Queen's Bench, &c. to be Judges of the Court for Divorce.

JudgeOrdinary and Eight of the other Judges to appoint the Sittings of the full Court.

Precedence of the Judge Ordinary.

22° k 23" VICTORIA, c 60,61.

and permanently maintain either a Station or Lodge at the Points where the Railway crosses the before-mentioned Roads on the Level, and the Company shall be subject to and shall abide by all such Rules and Regulations with regard to the crossing of such Roads on the Level, or with regard to the Speed at which Trains shall pass on such Roads, as may from Time to Time be made by the Board of Trade; and if kthe Company fail to erect or at all Times to maintain any such Station or Lodge, or to appoint a proper Person to watch or superintend the Crossing at such Point or Station, or to observe or abide by any such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and also to a daily Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Day such Offence shall continue after such Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall have been incurred.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Chester and Holyhead or London and North-western Railway Companies to take compulsorily any Lands or any Estate or Interest therein, but it shall be lawful for any Person who by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, is capacitated to sell Land, to agree with the said Companies, or either of them, for the Sale and Purchase of any Land required for the Purposes of this Act, or in connexion therewith.

IV. If there be any Owner or Occupier of any Houses or Premises adjoining the said Railway who shall complain of any Injury by the Use of Locomotive Engines on the said Railway as aforesaid, the Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested therein shall receive from the Company such Compensation for such Injury (if any) sustained by him or their as shall be determined under the Provisions of the several Sections with respect to thi Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, hereby incorporated with this Act.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to make farther Provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matri monial Causes. [13th August 1859.]

« A^HEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision concerning " The Court fot f * * Divorce and Matrimonial Causes," established by the Act of the Session holden n ‘ the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ant Consent "of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In addition to the Judges mentioned in Section Eight of the said Act, all the Judges for the Time being of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer respectively, not already made Judges of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, shall be Judges of such Court.

II. The Judge Ordinary of the said Court, and Eight or more of the other Judges thereof, shall, from Time to Time, by General Orders for this Purpose, appoint so many Sittings of the full Court in every Year, and at such Times as may appear to them necessary or convenient for disposing of the Matters arising in the said Court which may not be heard and determined by the Judge Ordinary alone; and the Judges of the said Court shall, by a Rota or otherwise ns they may deem most convenient, make Provision for the Attendance of the requisite Number of Judges to make a full Court at the Times so appointed for the Sittings of the full Court.

III. The Judge Ordinary shall have Place and Precedence in the said Court next after the Lord Chief Baton of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

IV. The

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 61, 62, 63. 161

IV. The Court after a final Decree of Judicial Separation, Nullity of Marriage, or Disso- The Court may lution of Marriage, may upon Application (by Petition) for this Purpose make, from Time

to Time, all such Orders and Provision with respect to the Custody, Maintenance, and Children after a Education of the Children the Marriage of whose Parents was the Subject of the Decree, or final Decree of for placing such Children under the Protection of the Court of Chancery, as might have SeParatl0n* been made by such final Decree or by Interim Orders in case the Proceedings for obtaining 20 & 2i Vict, such Decree were still pending; and all Orders under this Enactment may be made by the c*85*

Judge Ordinary alone or with One or more of the other Judges of the Court.

V. The Court after a final Decree of Nullity of Marriage or Dissolution of Marriage may As to Marriage inquire into the Existence of ante-nuptial or post-nuptial Settlements made on the Parties p^^T^ter0* whose Marriage is the Subject of the Decree, and may make such Orders with reference to finai Decree of the Application of the whole or a Portion of the Property settled either for the Benefit Nullity of

of the Children of the Marriage or of their respective Parents as to. the Court shall MamaSe-seem fit.

VI. Oh any Petition presented by a Wife, praying tliat her Marriage may be dissolved On a Petition by reason of her Husband having been guilty of Adultery coupled with Cruelty, or of Adultery coupled with Desertion, the Husband and Wife respectively shall be competent wife competent and compellaole to give Evidence of or relating to such Cruelty or Desertion. to give Evi-

VII. The Right of Appeal to the House of Lords given by the Fifty-sixth Section of the Extension of

recited Act shall extend to all Sentences and Final Judgments on Petitions under the Right of Appeal to House of Lords.

Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858.

CAP. LXIL 1

An Act to amend the Irish Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (1857).

[13th August 1859-]

f 7 HERE AS by the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857, unclaimed Dividends 20 & 21 Vict.

‘ * * made before the passing of the said Act are exempted from the Operation of its c*60*

‘ Two hundred and ninety-fourth Section, but no Provision is thereby made for the ‘ Disposal of such unclaimed Dividends, and it is expedient to amend the said 'Act by ‘ supplying the said Omission: ' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Court may order that Dividends which have been declared before the passing of Application the said Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857, and which have remained unclaimed for Di^ends^&c. the Space of Three Years from the Declaration thereof, shall be divided and paid amongst 6 W.4.C.14. the other Creditors, in manner provided by the Sixth of William the Fourth, Chapter «. 129. Fourteen, Section One hundred and twenty-eight

* II. The said recited Act and this Act shall be treated and construed as One Act. Acts to be con

strued as One Act.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to afford Facilities for the more certain Ascertainment of the Law administered in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part thereof. [13th August 1859*]

* V17REREAS great Improvement in the Administration of the Law Avould ensue if ‘ * ' Facilities were afforded for more certainly ascertaining the Law administered in 1 one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part 22 & 23 VICT. X * thereof;'

Courts in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions may remit a Case for the Opinion in Law of a Court in any other Part thereof

Opinion to be authenticated and certified Copy given.

Opinion to be * applied by the Court making the Remit

Her Majesty in Council or House of Lords on Appeal may adopt or reject Opinion.

Interpretation of Terms.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 63.

( thereof: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. If in any Action depending in any Court within Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be the Opinion of such Court, that it is necessary or expedient for the proper Disposal of such Action to ascertain the Law applicable to the Facts of the Case as administered in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions on any Point on which the Law of such other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions is different from that in which the Court is situate, it shall be competent to the Court in which such Action may depend to direct a Case to be prepared setting forth the Facts, as these may be ascertained by Verdict of a Jury or other Mode competent, or may be agreed upon by the Parties, or settled by such Person or Persons as may have been appointed by the Court for that Purpose in the event of the Parties not agreeing, and upon such Case being approved of by such Court or a Judge thereof, they shall settle the Questions of Law arising out of the same on which they desire to have the Opinion of another Court, and shall pronounce an Order remitting the same, together with the Case, to the Court in such other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, being One of the Superior Courts thereof, whose Opinion is desired upon the Law administered by them as applicable to the Facts set forth in such Case, and desiring them to pronounce their Opinion on the Questions submitted to them in the Terms of the Act; and it shall be competent to any of the Parties to the Action to present a Petition to the Court whose Opinion is to be obtained, praying such last-mentioned Court to hear Parties or their Counsel and to pronounce their Opinion thereon in Terms of this Act, or to pronounce their Opinion without hearing Parties or Counsel; and the Court to which such Petition shall be presented shall, if they think fit, appoint an early Day for hearing Parties or their Counsel on such Case, and shall thereafter pronounce their Opinion upon the Questions of Law as administered by them which are submitted to them by the Court; and in order to their pronouncing such Opinion they shall be entitled to take such further Procedure thereupon as to them shall seem proper.

II. Upon such Opinion being pronounced, a Copy thereof, certified by an Officer of such Court, shall be given to each of the Parties to the Action by whom the same shall be required, and shall be deemed and held to contain a correct Record of such Opinion.

III. It shall be competent to any of the Parties to the Action, after having obtained such certified Copy of such Opinion, to lodge the same with an Officer of the Court in which the Action may be depending, who may have the official Charge thereof, together with a Notice of Motion, setting forth that the Party will, on a certain Day named in such Notice, move the Court to apply the Opinion contained in such certified Copy thereof to the Facts set forth in the Case herein-before specified, and the said Court shall thereupon apply such Opinion to such Facts, in the same Manner as if the same had been pronounced by such Court itself upon a Case reserved for Opinion of the Court, or upon special Verdict of a Jury; or the said last-mentioned Court shall, if it think fit, when the said Opinion has been obtained before Trial, order such Opinion to be submitted to the Jury with the other Facts of the Case as Evidence, or conclusive Evidence as the Court may think fit, of the Foreign Law therein stated, and the said Opinion shall be so submitted to the Jury.

IV. In the event of an Appeal to Her Majesty in Council or to the House of Lords in any such Action, it shall be competent to bring under the Review of Her Majesty in Council or of the House of Lords the Opinion pronounced as aforesaid by any Court w hose Judgments are reviewable by Her Majesty in Council or by the House of Lords, and Her Majesty in Council or that House may respectively adopt or reject such Opinion of any Court whose Judgments are respectively reviewable by them, as the same shall appear to them to be well founded or not in Law.

V. In the Construction of this Act, the Word ts Action " shall include every judicial Proceeding instituted in any Court, Civil, Criminal, or Ecclesiastical; and the Words t€ Superior Courts" shall include, in England, the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, the Lord Chancellor, the Lords Justices, the Master of the Rolls or any Vice Chancellor,

the

22° & 23" VICTORIA, c. 63, 64. 163

the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Judge Ordinary of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the Judge of the Court of Probate; in Scotland, the High Court of Justiciary, and the Court of Session acting by either of its Divisions; in Ireland, the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, the Master of the Rolls, and the Judge of the Admiralty Court; and in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Superior Courts of Law or Equity therein.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of British Subjects at Lisbon. [13th August 1859.]

f YI^HEREAS the British Chapel at Lisbon was erected in or about the Year One

* thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, out of Funds at the Disposal of the

British Merchants and Factors in Portugal for pious, charitable, and public Uses, and has

f since been maintained, in part by Contributions of British residents in Lisbon, and in part ‘ by Moneys provided by Parliament: And whereas the said Chapel has been considered

* to be under the special Protection and Direction of the British Legation, and Marriages ‘ have been solemnized therein between British Subjects according to the Rites of the f United Church of England and Ireland: And whereas Doubts may be entertained con-( cerning the Validity of such of the said Marriages as may have been solemnized since the ( passing of the Act of the Session holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her 6 Majesty, Chapter Sixty-eightBe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Marriages which before the passing of this Act have been solemnized in the said Chapel at Lisbon by the British Chaplain, or by any Minister in Holy Orders, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, (both or One of the Parties to such respective Marriages being Subjects or a Subject of this Realm,) shall be deemed and held to be as valid in the Law as if the same respectively had been solemnized within Her Majesty's Dominions with a due Observance of all Forms required by Law.

II. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to transmit to the Registrar General of Births and Marriages in England all such Certificates of the Marriages solemnized as aforesaid as have been or shall be transmitted to the Office of such Secretary of State by Her Majesty's Consul or Vice-Consul at Lisbon; and all Certificates which shall be transmitted to such Registrar Qeneral by such Secretary of State as Certificates of the Marriages confirmed by this Act shall be received by such Registrar General, and shall be kept in the General Register Office in manner directed by the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-six, " for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England," concerning the certified Copies of Registers sent to the said Registrar General, as therein mentioned; and a certified Copy of any such Certificate, such Copy purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the General Register Office, shall be received as Evidence of the Marriage to which the same relates having been solemnized as aforesaid, without further or other Proof.

III. All Persons shall have the like Right to search such Certificates and to have certified Copies thereof, and upon the like Payment, as provided under the said Act with respect to Searches in the Indexes to be made and kept in the said Register Office under that Act, and certified Copies of Registers, therein mentioned; and Section Forty-three of such Act, concerning the destroying, injuring, or falsifying of Register Books, or giving false Certificates of Entries, or certifying any false Copy or Extract, shall be applicable with respect to the Certificates to be received by the said Registrar General under this Acf, in the like Manner as such Enactment applies with respect to such Register Books.

12 & 13 Vict, c. 68.

Marriages solemnized in the British Chapel at Lisbon confirmed.

Certificates received by Secretary of State to be sent to the Registrar General, and certified Copies to be Evidence, as under 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 86.

Right to search and have

Copier.

X 2

t^.000 le

9 O. 4. c. 43.

10 G. 4. c. 46.

6 & 7 W. 4. o. IS.

Justices may divide Parishes, &c., for constituting Divisions of Counties.

Court to make Order in respect of the Appointments and Duties of Officers.

Interpretation

of Words " Meter" and 41 Person."

Fixing Unit of Measure.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 65, 66.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for amending the Acts for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales. [13th August 1859.]

' HERE AS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King Georye c " the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several € Counties of England and Wales, the Court of Quarter Sessions is empowered, in certain ‘ Cases, to make Orders for altering existing Divisions and for constituting new Divisions ‘ for holding Petty and Special Sessions: And whereas an Act for more effectually i executing the said recited Act was passed in the Tenth Year of His said late Majesty,

* and another Act for amending the said recited Act was passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty William the Fourth: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether under the

f said first herein-recited Act the Justices therein mentioned are empowered to divide any

* Parish, Tything, Township, or Place for the Purpose of including any Part or Parts f thereof respectively in any Division constituted under the said Acts or any or either of c themBe it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the said Justices, if they shall think fit, to divide any Parish, Tything, Township, or Place for the Purpose of altering or constituting such Divisions, and after any Order of the said Justices for altering or constituting any Division under the said Acts shall have taken effect the Part or Parts of any Parish, Tything, Township, or Place included in any Division altered or constituted by such Order shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Division for all the Purposes of the said Acts, but not further or otherwise.

II. Whensoever the Court of Quarter Sessions shall, under the Provisions herein or in the said recited Acts contained, make an Order for dividing any Parish, Tything, Township, or Place for the Purpose of altering or constituting such Divisions as aforesaid, and it shall appear to the Court that any Inconvenience may arise therefrom in or respecting the Appointment or Duties of any Bailiffs, Constables, or Tythingmen, Surveyors, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officers or Persons, the Court of Quarter Sessions shall or may, at the same or at any future Sessions, make such Order in respect of the said Appointments and Duties as the Court shall deem necessary or expedient.

CAP. LXYI.

An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. [13th August 1859-]

‘ YI^HEREAS it is expedient that the Measurement used in Sales of Gas for Lighting, € * T Heating, and other Purposes, should be hereafter regulated by One uniform Standard,

* and that all Meters should be stamped as herein-after provided:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In construing this Act the Word " Meter" shall mean Gas Meter, and shall include every Kind of Machine used for measuring Gas; and the Word " Person" shall include Corporations.

IT. After the passing of this Act, the only legal Standard or Unit of Measure for the Sale of Gas by Meter shall be the Cubic Foot containing 62-321 Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of distilled or Rain Water weighed in Air at the Temperature of Sixty-two Degrees cf Fahrenheit's Thermometer, the Barometer being at Thirty Inches, except as relates to

Contracts

u^

165

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

Contracts made before the passing of this Act by which a different Unit of Measure is adopted, which Contracts may not be renewed.

III. Within Three Months next after the passing of this Act, Models of Gasholders, Models of Mea-measuring the said Cubic Foot, and such Multiples and Decimal Parts of the said Cubic J^ade and^ ri-Foot as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the fieduuderthe United Kingdom for the Time being shall judge expedient, and from Time to Time after Direction of * the Expiration of the aforesaid Period of Three Months, Models of such further Multiples tte Treasu,7-and Decimal Parts of the said Cubic Foot as the Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think expedient, shall be carefully made with proper Balances, Indices, and Apparatus for testing the Measurement and Registration of Meters, and such Models shall be verified under the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners, and when so made and verified shall be deposited in the Office of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer at Westminster; and Copies of the Models so from Models to be Time to Time deposited, verified as aforesaid, shall be sent to the Lord Mayor of London, deposited, and the Chief Magistrate of Edinburgh and Dublin, and to the Chief Magistrate of such other Cities and Boroughs, and to such other Places and Persons in Her Majesty's Dominions, as the said Lord High Treasurer or the aforesaid Commissioners may from Time to Time direct; and the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners shall appoint a competent Person or Persons to design and make, subject to the Approval and by Direction of such Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners, Stamps of a uniform Design to be used for stamping Meters throughout the United Kingdom, with only such Variations of Numbers or Marks thereon as shall be sufficient to distinguish each Inspector s District.

IV. In England at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace within Nine Months next after the passing of this Act the Justices of the Peace of every County, Riding, or Division, or County of a City or County of a Town, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and in such Boroughs as may adopt this Act, as herein-after provided, the Town Council at the Meeting next after such Adoption, and in Scotland the Justices of the Peace at a Meeting to be called for the Purpose by the Sheriff of each County and the Magistrates of each Royal Burgh, within Nine Months after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time at any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions or Meeting so called, shall determine the Number of Copies of the said Models of Gasholders, with proper Balances, Indices, and Apparatus as aforesaid, which they shall deem requisite for the Testing of Meters within their respective Jurisdictions, and shall direct that such Copies, verified and stamped at the Exchequer, together with such Number of Stamps for stamping Meters as they shall deem requisite, shall be provided for the Use of the same, and shall fix the Places at which such Copies and Stamps shall be deposited, and shall appoint a sufficient Number of Inspectors of Meters for the safe Custody of such Copies and Stamps, and for the Discharge of the other Duties herein-after mentioned, and shall allot to each Inspector a separate District, and from Time to Time, when necessary, shall subdivide and re-allot such Districts, and all such Districts shall be distinguished by the Number or Mark applied thereto on such Stamps; and they shall direct what reasonable Remuneration shall be paid to such Inspectors for the Discharge of such Duties as they shall have been ordered by such Justices or Town Council or Magistrates as aforesaid to perform, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or dismiss any Inspectors so appointed, or to appoint additional Inspectors as Occasion may require: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to compel any Town Council in England or Royal Burgh of Scotland, except such as are County Towns, wherein Gas is used, to provide Copies of the said Models and Stamps, or to appoint an Inspector or Inspectors for the Performance of the Duties prescribed by this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in any County, and for the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh within such County, where they shall agree, to unite the whole or a Portion of the County with such Royal Burgh, and to appoint One Inspector therefor, and to provide at their joint Expense Copies of the said Models and Stamps to be used within such united Districts: Provided always, that in every Borough in England where there is a Town Council, not being a Manufacturer or Seller of Gas, it shall be lawful for such Town Council within Six Months after the passing of this Act after One Months

Notice

Copies of the Models of Gasholder to be provided by Order of General or Quarter Sessions in England, and by Meetings of Justices in Scotland.

Appointment cf Inspectors.

Models and Copies of Gasholders to be provided by Town Councils, Town Commissioners, &c., and Inspectors appointed.

Officers of the Exchequer at Westminster to stamp Copies of Models.

Expense of providing Copies of Models and Remuneration of Inspectors defrayed out of County Rates, &c.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

Notice duly given in the Manner in which Notices are usually published by such Town Council, to adopt this Act, if the Majority of the Members present at any Council Meeting at which the Subject is appointed to be considered shall so determine; and if no Resolution to that Effect shall be passed within such Time, then the Justices aforesaid at their next practicable General or Quarter Sessions after the Expiration of such Six Months shall in reference to any Borough not so adopting this Act carry this Act into effect; and in all Boroughs as aforesaid in which the Town Council is a Manufacturer or Seller of Gas, the Justices of such Boroughs shall have such and the like Powers of adopting and carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act within such Boroughs as by this Act are given to Town Councils not being Manufacturers or Sellers of Gas.

V. In Ireland the Town Council or Town Commissioners of every Borough and Town, such Town Council or Commissioners not being Manufacturers or Sellers of Gas, shall at a Meeting of the Town Council or Commissioners to be held within Nine Months after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time at any subsequent Meeting, determine the Number of Copies of the said Models of Gasholders, with proper Balances, Indices, and Apparatus as aforesaid, which they shall deem requisite for the testing of Meters within their Towns or Boroughs respectively, and shall direct that such Copies, verified and stamped at the Exchequer, together with such Number of Stamps for stamping Meters as they shall deem requisite, shall be provided for the Use of the same, and shall fix the Places at which such Copies and Stamps shall be deposited; and shall appoint a sufficient Number of Inspectors of Meters for the safe Custody of such Copies and Stamps, and for the Discharge of the other Duties herein-after mentioned, and shall allot to each Inspector a separate District, and from Time to Time, when necessary, shall subdivide and re-allot such Districts, and shall direct what reasonable Remuneration shall be paid to such Inspectors, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or dismiss any Inspector so appointed, or to appoint additional Inspectors from Time to Time as Occasion may require; and in all Boroughs and Towns in which the Town Council or Town Commissioners shall be Manufacturers or Sellers of Gas, the Justices of such Boroughs and the Grand Jury of the County in which such Boroughs or Towns not having a separate Commission of the Peace shall be situate respectively shall have such and the like Powers as by this Act are given to the Town Council and Town Commissioners not being Manufacturers or Sellers of Gas for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act within such Boroughs and Towns: Provided always, that the Jurisdictions of such Town Council and Town Commissioners, Justices, and Grand Juries respectively shall extend to all Meters out of such Boroughs or Towns for measuring Gas manufactured at any Gasworks by which any such Borough or Town shall be supplied with Gas.

VI. The Copies of the said Models so directed by the said Justices, Magistrates, or Town Council to be verified and stamped at the Exchequer shall be compared with the Models deposited with the Comptroller General of the Exchequer as aforesaid, and if correct, shall be verified and stamped by the Comptroller General, or some other Officer of the Exchequer at Westminster, duly authorized, upon Payment of such Fees as are at present payable upon Verification and stamping a Set of Measures under the Acts relating to Weights and Measures, and no Stamp Duty shall be payable thereon.

VII. The Expense of providing and transmitting such Copies of Models of Gasholders, with proper Balances, Indices, and Apparatus as aforesaid, and of the Stamp to be used by the Inspectors, and the Remuneration to the Inspectors, shall be paid in England out of the Stock raised in such Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, and in Boroughs out of any Funds applicable to Lighting Purposes, and if no such Funds then out of the Borough Fund; and in Scotland such Expenses in the respective Shires and Stewartries, and Cities or Royal Burghs, shall be assessed by the Commissioners of Supply upon such Shires and Stewartries, and upon Cities or Royal Burghs by the Magistrates thereof, according to the Real Rent of Lands and Heritages as appearing on the Valuation Roll of such Shires, Stewartries, and Burghs respectively, and in such Manner and by such Persons as the said Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates respectively may determine and appoint, and such Assessments shall be collected under the same Powers of

levying

167

22" & 23" VICTORIAE, c. 66.

levying and Recovery as are competent for levying and recovering the Land Tax r Provided always, that in the City of London the Expenses and Remuneration aforesaid shall be paid out of the Consolidated Rate raised by the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, and in Ireland such Expenses in the respective Boroughs and Towns shall be provided for and paid respectively out of any Funds applicable to Lighting Purposes, and if no such Fund, then out of any other Borough or Town Fund.

VIII. No Maker, Repairer, or Seller of Meters or of Gas, or Person employed in the making, repairing, or selling of Meters or Gas, shall be an Inspector of Meters under the Provisions of this Act; and every Inspector shall forthwith enter into a Bond or Recognizance to the Queen, to be sued for in any Courts of Record, in such Sum, and either with or without a Surety or Sureties, as the Justices, Magistrates, Town Council, or other Persons by whom he may have been appointed shall fix, for the due and punctual Performance of the Duties of his Office, and for the due and punctual Payment at such Time or Times as he may be directed by the Justices, Magistrates, Town Council, or other Persons by whom he may have been appointed, of all Fees received by him under the Authority of this Act, and for the Safety of the said Copies of Models and Stamps committed to his Charge, and for their due Restoration and Surrender to such Person or Persons as may be appointed to receive them by the Justices, Magistrates, Town Council, or other Persons aforesaid, immediately on his Removal or other Cessation from Office.

IX. In England the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the Town Council in Boroughs adopting this Act at any Meeting thereof, and in Scotland the Justices or Magistrates at a Meeting called for the Purpose, and in Ireland the Town Council or Town Commissioners of any such Borough or Town as aforesaid, shall determine and appoint on what Days, at what Hours, and what Places, each and every Inspector shall attend with the said Copies of Models and Stamps in his Custody at each of the several Towns and Districts within their respective Jurisdictions as they shall deem expedient; and every such Inspector so attending shall examine, test, and if found correct, stamp all such Meters as shall be required under the Provisions of this Act to be so examined, tested, and stamped, and shall deface or destroy the Stamp on any Meter tested and found incorrect under the Provisions of this Act, and he shall keep a Book wherein he shall enter Minutes of all such Examinations and Testings, with the Numbers of Identity and Capacity marked by the Manufacturer on such Meters, and give, if required, a Certificate under his Hand of every such Stamping and Defacing; and every Inspector shall once in every Quarter of a Year account to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, County of a City or County of a Town, or Borough or Town, or to such o her Person as shall be duly authorized by those by whom he may have been appointed, for all Fees received by him under this Act, and shall pay the Amount thereof to such Treasurer as aforesaid, who shall account for the same.

X. No Meter duly stamped under the Authority of this Act shall be liable to be restamped, although the same be used in any other Place than that at which the same was originally stamped, but shall be considered as a legal Meter throughout the United Kingdom, unless found to be incorrect within the Meaning of this Act.

XI. In case any Inspector of Meters shall stamp any Meter without duly testing and finding the same to be correct, or shall refuse, or for Three Days after being so required under the Provisions of this Act neglect, without lawful Excuse, to test any Meter or to stamp any Meter found to be correct on being so tested, or shall be guilty of a Breach of any Duty imposed upon him by this Act, or shall otherwise misconduct himself in the Execution of his Office, every such Offender shall upon Conviction forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XII. No Meter shall be stamped which shall be found by the Inspector to register, or be capable of being made by any Contrivance for that Purpose, or by Increase or by Decrease of the Water in such Meter, or by any other Means practically prevented in good Meters, to register, Quantities varying from the true Standard Measure of Gas more than Two per Centum in favour of the Seller or Three per Centum in favour of the Consumer; and every Meter, whether stamped or unstamped, which shall be found by such Inspector to register

' or

No Maker or Seller of Meter, or Person in the Service of any Gas Company or Manufacturer of Meters or Gas, to be an Inspector. Inspector to enter into Recognizances.

Inspectors to attend at Towns where Gas is consumed, when required hy J ustices.

Inspector to pay Fees to Treasurer of County, &c.

Meters when stamped need not be restamped.

Penalty on Inspector for Misconduct.

Meters not to be stamped if more than Two per Cent, incorrect in favour of the Buyer or Three per Cent, in favour of the Seller, and to

be stamped if erroneous to no greater Extent.

Certain Meters incorrect against the Seller of Gas may be used I Agreement.

Rules for testing Meters*

Penalty for

counterfeiting

Stamps.

Penalty for obstructing Inspector.

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

or be eo capable of being made to register Quantities varying beyond the Limits aforesaid, shall be deemed incorrect within the Meaning of this Act; and every Meter which shall be found by such Inspector to measure and register Quantities, accurately or not, • varying beyond the Limits aforesaid, and shall be found incapable by any such Means as aforesaid of being made to register Quantities varying beyond the Limits aforesaid, shall be considered to be correct, and be stamped as aforesaid in such Manner and on such Part of the Meter as shall be specially directed by the Authority appointing him, or in default of such Direction as shall in his Opinion best present Fraud: Provided always, that every Meter having a measuring Capacity at One Revolution or complete Action of the Meter of not less than Five Cubic Feet, and having permanently marked upon it in some conspicuous Place the Words "without Float," shall be stamped by the Inspectors, if found correct, within the Meaning of this Act, in all other respects except that it is capable of being made by Abstraction of Water to register incorrectly against the Seller of Gas, but it shall not be lawful after the Time aforesaid to use in the Sale of Gas any such Meter, when so stamped by the Inspector, except by written Agreement between the Buyer and Seller specifying that this Description of Meter shall be used.

X!lII. The following Rules shall be observed by the Inspector in testing Meters under the Provisions of this Act:

Firstly, the Meter shall be tested for Soundness or Leakage only, and not for Per-centnge of Error, when fixed on a horizontal base, and with Gas under a Pressure equal to a Column of Water Three Inches high, with a Light or Lights consuming not more than One Twentieth Part of its measuring Capacity per Hour marked thereon, nor less than One Half of a Cubic Foot per Hour, for all Meters of a measuring Capacity not exceeding One hundred Cubic Feet per Hour, and not more than One Fortieth Part of its said measuring Capacity per Hour for all Meters of any greater measuring Capacity per Hour than One hundred Cubic Feet; and all Meters found to work under such Test shall be deemed sound Meters, and any Meter found not to work under such Test shall not be stamped:

The Meter to be tested for Per-centage of Error shall be fixed on a horizontal Base, and shall be tested at a Pressure equal to a Column of Water Five Tenths of an Inch high, and passing the Quantity of Gas or Atmospheric Air per Hour which shall be marked thereon as its measuring Capacity per Hour, and the Water used in such Testing, and the Air of the Room in which such Testing shall be made, shall be as nearly as practicable of the same Temperature as the Gas or Air passed through the Meter.

XIV. If any Person or Persons shall make, except under the Authority of this Act, or forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, except as aforesaid, or forged or counterfeited, or knowingly act or assist in the making, except as aforesaid, or forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Mark which may be hereafter used for the stamping or marking of any Meter under this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit on Conviction a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds or less than Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall knowingly sell, utter, or dispose of, let, lend, or expose to Sale, any Meter with such forged Stamp or Mark thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit on Conviction a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds or less than Forty Shillings, and all Meters with such forged or counterfeited Stamps shall be forfeited and destroyed.

XV. Any Person who shall knowingly repair or alter, or knowingly cause to be repaired or altered, or knowingly tamper with, or do any other Act in relation to any stamped Meter so as to cause such Meter to register unjustly or fraudulently, or who shall prevent or refuse to allow lawful Access to any Meter in his Possession or Control, or the Supply of Water thereto as herein-after provided, or shall obstruct or hinder any Examination or Testing authorized by this Act of any such Meter, shall on Conviction forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, pay the Fees for removing and testing, and the Expense of purchasing and fixing a new Meter; provided that the Payment of any such Penalty as aforesaid shall not exempt the Person paying from Liability to Indictment or other Proceeding at Law to which he would otherwise be liable, or deprive any Person of the Right to recover Damages

^against such Person for any Loss or Injury sustained by such Act or Default

XVI. Every

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

XVI. Every Consumer of Gas may purchase and use for the Measurement of the Gas supplied to him any Meter duly stamped under the Authority of this Act, provided that the Gas to be consumed per Hour shall not exceed the Quantity per Hour the Meter is intended to measure, so marked on the Outside thereof as aforesaid.

XVII. After the Expiration of Ten Years from the passing of this Act all Meters whatsoever not previously stamped which shall be used for buying and selling Gas, or for the collecting of any Rates or Duties, or for making any Charges on the Passage, Transmission, or Conveyance of Gas, shall be examined and tested under the Authority of this Act, and stamped if found correct; and every Person who shall after the Times respectively fixed by this Act knowingly use any Meter which has not been so stamped as aforesaid shall on Conviction forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and any Contract, Bargain, or Sale made by any such Meter shall be void; and every such Meter so used shall, on being discovered by any Inspector so appointed as aforesaid, be seized, and on Conviction of the Person knowingly using or possessing the same, shall be forfeited and destroyed.

XVIII. No Meter for the Purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Gas sold shall be fixed for Use after the Expiration of Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, unless the same shall have its measuring Capacity at One Revolution or complete Action of the Meter, and also the Quantity per Hour it is intended to measure in Cubic Feet, or Multiples or decimal Parts of a Cubit Foot, denominated or marked on the Outside thereof in legible Letters or Figures, and shall be stamped by an Inspector of Meters under the Provisions of this Act; and every Person who after the Expiration of such Twelve Months shall fix for Use any such Meter before it has been so stamped shall be liable to a Penalty of Five Pounds for every such unstamped Meter; and all Meters required to be tested and stamped, except as herein-after mentioned, shall be delivered to the Inspector at the Place where his testing Gasholder and Apparatus may be kept; and every Purchaser and Seller of Gas by Meter may, at his own Expense, at any Time after the Expiration of the said Twelve Months, require any unstamped Meter by which his Gas is measured to be examined, tested, and, if found correct, stamped, or he may at his own Expense substitute a stamped Meter in the Place of any such unstamped Meter: Provided always, that such Purchaser or Seller of Gas shall before Removal of any such unstamped Meter for the Purposes aforesaid give Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of such intended Removal to the other Party to the Contract

XIX. The Fees for Examination, Comparison, and testing, with or without stamping, Meters, shall be Sixpence for each Meter delivering a Cubic Foot of Gas in Four or more Revolutions or complete Repetitions of the Action of the Meter, and One Shilling for each Meter delivering a Cubic Foot of Gas by any less Number of Revolutions or complete Actions, or One Revolution or complete Action, and for each Meter delivering more than One Cubic Foot of Gas by One Revolution or complete Action the further Sum of One Shilling for every Cubic Foot of Gas delivered at One Revolution or complete Action beyond the First Cubic Foot.

XX. In England and in such Boroughs and Towns as aforesaid in Ireland it shall be lawful for any Inspector authorized in Writing under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace in England or Ireland, or of any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate in Scotland, at the Request and Expense of any Buyer or Seller of Gas, who shall have given Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the other Party to the Contract, at all seasonable Times to enter any House or Shop, Store, Warehouse, Still, Yard, or Place whatsoever within his Jurisdiction where any Meter, whether stamped or unstamped, shall be fixed or used, and to examine and test the same, and if necessary for such Purpose to remove such Meter, doing as little Damage thereby as may be; and if upon such Examination and Testing it shall appear that any such Meter is incorrect within the Meaning of this Act, or fraudulent, the same shall not be refixed or used again unless and until altered and repaired so as to measure and register correctly, and stamped; and the Fees on such Removal, Examination, and Testing of a Meter, whether stamped and replaced or not, shall be double the Fees herein-before made payable for

22 & 23 Vict. Y testing

169

Consumers may use any stamped Meter.

After Ten Years all Meters to b3 stamped.

After Twelve Months no Meter to be sold, &c. unless stamped; and unstamped Meters may be stamped, if required, or stamped Meters substituted, at the Expense of the Person requiring it.

Fees for testing and stamping Meters.

Power to Jus-tices and Inspectors to enter Houses, &c., and inspect Gas Measures and Meters.

Disputed Decision of Inspector to be referred to Two Inspectors of adjoining Districts, &c.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to Quarter Sessions.

This Act and existing Powers not to be cumulative.

Proceedings not to be quashed for

22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

testing and stamping, and shall be payable by the Buyer or Seller of Gas as the Justice of the Peace in England or Ireland, or the Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate in Scotland, as the Case may be, shall determine, and shall be recoverable accordingly: Provided always, that in case the Head Office of the Person or Company to whom such Notice is to be given shall be more than Twenty Miles distant from the Meter referred to in such Notice, Three Days Notice in Writing shall be given instead of Twenty-four Hours Notice as aforesaid; and provided also, that any Person duly authorized by any Company or Persons selling Gas by Meter may supply Water to any Meter, so as to keep the Water at the correct Level.

XXI. In case of any Dispute between the Buyer and Seller of Gas by Meter, or between any Owner of a Meter and any Inspector of Meters under this Act, respecting the Correctness of any Meter, the Inspector shall, if required by any such Person dissatisfied with his Decision, give such Party his Reasons in Writing for such Decision, and such Party may require such Meter to be examined and re-tested by Two Inspectors of adjoining or neighbouring Districts, to be named by any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the District where such Meter shall have been tested; and the unanimous Decision of such last-mentioned Inspectors shall be final as to the Correctness or Incorrectness of such Meter, except in case of Appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions; and in case such Two Inspectors shall not agree, the Decision of the Inspector of the District to which such Meter belongs shall be considered final, except in case of Appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions, as herein-after provided; and the Expenses of the Proceedings to be taken under the Powers hereby granted shall be ascertained by the Justice, who shall also determine by and to whom the same shall be paid, and such Expenses may be recovered in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XXII. In England and in such Boroughs and Towns as aforesaid in Ireland all Persons who may think themselves aggrieved by any Act or Decision of any Inspector or Inspectors of Meters, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination of any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, Recorder, or other presiding Officer at the then next practicable General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the City, Borough, or County within which the alleged Cause of Appeal shall arise, first giving Seven Days Notice in Writing of such Intention to appeal, and the Grounds and Nature thereof, to the Party against whom such Complaint is intended to be made, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices, Recorder, or other presiding Officer shall either hear and determine the said Complaints at such General or Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, shall adjourn the Hearing thereof till the following General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such City, Borough, or County; and the said Justices, Recorder, or other presiding Officer may, if they or he see cause, reverse or alter such Decision, and mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which may have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and may also order any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they or he shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Costs to be paid by the Party complained against to the Party appealing, or vice versd, as they shall think reasonable.

XXIII. Where any Municipal Corporation, Local Board of Health, or Two or more Justices, or any other Corporation or Person now have Powers of appointing Inspectors of Meters, and they or such Inspectors now have Powers of stamping, re-stamping, examining, or testing Meters, those Powers and the Provisions of this Act shall not be cumulative; but after the Expiration of Nine Months after the passing of this Act the Provisions of this Act shall supersede all such Powers.

XXIV. No Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Proceeding

whatsoever,

22° & 23° VICTORIA c. 66. 171

»

whatsoever, into any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any want of Form Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. or removed.

XXV. In England and in such Boroughs and Towns as aforesaid in Ireland all Fees and As to Reco-Penalties received and recovered under this Act shall be applied in aid of the Stock or Fund vj?7 »nd AP-out of which the Expenses of carrying the Act into effect shall be defrayed, and in Scotland penalties.0 all Penalties incurred under the Provisions of this Act shall be recoverable, with Expenses, either before the Sheriff of the County or the Magistrates of the Burgh or Town Corporate wherein the same may be incurred or where the Offender may reside, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of such County, at the Instance either of the Procurator Fiscal of Court or any Person who may prosecute for the same; and the whole Penalties, after deducting all Charges, and such Remuneration to the Person prosecuting as the said Justices shall think fit, shall be applied in aid of the Funds liable under the Provisions of this Act to the Cost of providing and maintaining Copies of the said Models in the Place where such Penalties shall be awarded; and it is hereby provided that it shall be competent for the said Courts respectively to proceed in a summary Way and to grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained of before them, and upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Offender, or on other legal Evidence, forthwith to give Judgment on such Complaint without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, and to grant Warrant for the Recovery of such Penalties and Expenses decerned for, failing Payment within Fourteen Days after Conviction, by Poinding, or by Imprisonment for a Period, at the Discretion of the Court, not exceeding Sixty Days, it being hereby provided that a Record should be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgment pronounced.

XXVI. In Scotland if any Person or Persons shall feel themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of any Sheriff or Magistrates of Burghs or Towns Corporate, or Justices of the Peace, pronounced in any Case arising under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Court of Justiciary at the next Circuit Court, or where there is no Circuit Court to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the Manner and under the Rules, Limitations, and Conditions contained in an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for taking aioay and abolishing Heritable Jurisdictions in Scotland, with this Variation only, that such Person or Persons so appealing shall, in place of finding Caution in the Terms prescribed by the said Act, be bound to find Caution to pay the Penalty or Penalties and Expenses awarded against him or them by the Sentence or Sentences appealed from in the event of the Appeal or Appeals being dismissed, together with any additional Expenses which shall be awarded by the Court in dismissing the said Appeal; and it shall not be competent to appeal from or to bring the Judgment of any Sheriff or Justices of the Peace acting under this Act under Review by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or any other Way than as herein provided.

Appeal in Scotland to Commissioners of Justiciary at Circuit Court.

XXVII. In all Actions brought against any Person for anything done in pursuance of Limitation of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers or Authorities thereof, such Action shall be laid Actlons» &c* and brought in the County within which the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Acts were done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if they shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action shall have been brought otherwise than as herein-before directed, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; upon which Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her, or their Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering Costs of Suit by Law in any other Cases.

Y 2

XXVIII. No

172 22° & 23° VICTORIA, c. 66.

Plaintiff not XXVIII. No Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or TeSer^S a ** °ther wrongful Proceeding made or committed in the Execution of this Act if Tender of Amend*. sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who shall

commit such Irregularity, Trespass, or other "wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit; whereupon Proceedings, Order, and Adjudication shall be had and made in and by such Court as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

[INDEX removed.]

---

London: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1859.

