A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN

THE FOURTEENTH AND FIFTEENTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1851.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And published in Numbers, 2d. each,

AT 43, FLEET STREET.

1851.

A

TABLE

OF

The Public General Statutes passed in the Fourth Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

14 & 15 VICTORIA.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act to amend the Passengers Act, 1849. page 3

II. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Sixth Annual Report of the Inclosure Commissioners. 7

III. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one. 8

IV. An Act to enable Her Majesty to appoint a Vice Chancellor in the Room of Sir James Wigram, resigned. 10

V. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 12

VI. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 65

VII. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for explaining and amending several Laws for the Encouragement of Agriculture, so far as relates to Leases for the Erection of Mills. 126

VIII. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Designs Act, 1850, and to give Protection from Piracy to Persons exhibiting new Inventions in the Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations in One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one. 127

IX. An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one. page 130

X. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 132

XI. An Act for the better Protection of Persons under the Care and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants; and to enable the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to institute and conduct Prosecutions in certain Cases. 136

XII. An Act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same. 139

XIII. An Act to regulate the Sale of Arsenic. 140

XIV. An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of certain Persons commonly known as "Compound Householders," and to facilitate the Exercise by such Persons of their Right to vote in the Election of Borough Members to serve in Parliament. 142

XV. An Act to amend the Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850. 144

XVI. An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales. 144

XVII. An Act further to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland. 153

XVIII. An Act to continue the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same. 154

XIX. An Act for the better Prevention of Offences. 156

XX. An Act to extend the Remedies provided by the Renewable Leasehold Conversion Act, for the Recovery of Fee-farm Rents under that Act, to all other Fee-farm Rents and to other Rents in Ireland reserved upon Grants of Land in which the Grantors have no Reversion. 160

XXI. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases. 161

XXII. An Act to continue the Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man. 164

XXIII. An Act to authorize for a further Period the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor. page 165

XXIV. An Act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools. 169

XXV. An Act to improve the Law of Landlord and Tenant in relation to Emblements, to growing Crops seized in Execution, and to Agricultural Tenants Fixtures. 170

XXVI. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery. 172

XXVII. An Act to amend certain Acts for the Improvement of Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland. 175

XXVIII. An Act for the well-ordering of Common Lodging Houses. 177

XXIX. An Act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. 182

XXX. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. 182

XXXI. An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. 183

XXXII. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 183

XXXIII. An Act to enlarge the Period allowed for compounding for Assessed Taxes. 184

XXXIV. An Act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes. 185

XXXV. An Act to extend the Benefits of certain Provisions of the General Merchant Seamen's Act relating to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service by Boards of Guardians of the Poor in Ireland, and to enable such Guardians to place out Boys in the Naval Service. 201

XXXVI. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Dwelling Houses according to the Number of Windows or Lights, and to grant in lieu thereof other Duties on Inhabited Houses according to their annual Value. 208

XXXVII. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. 211

XXXVIII. An Act to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls. 216

XXXIX. An Act to exempt Burgesses and Freemen in certain Cases from the Operation of an Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements. 218

XL. An Act for Marriages in India. page 219

XLI. An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas. 228

XLII. An Act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings. 228

XLIII. An Act for disafforesting the Forest of Hainault in the County of Essex. 248

XLIV. An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland. 255

XLV. An Act to continue an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland. 256

XLVI. An Act to amend Two several Acts of Her Majesty's Reign enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for and to form Victoria Park; and to indemnify the Trustees of Copyhold Lands held in trust for Her Majesty. 257

XLVII. An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor. 260

XLVIII. An Act to continue an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, "to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland" as the same is amended by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign. 261

XLIX. An Act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 262

L. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, and an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, in respect of the Assessment of Tithe and Tithe Rentcharges for certain Rates. 264

LI. An Act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland. 265

LII. An Act to facilitate the more speedy Arrest of absconding Debtors. 269

LIII. An Act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts. 275

LIV. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners. page 278

LV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders, in certain Cases. 279

LVI. An Act to sanction the Service by Post of Notices relative to the Proceedings of certain charitable Institutions, and to make further Provision as to the Service of such Notices in future. 289

LVII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors. 291

LVIII. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 396

LIX. An Act to continue certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures. 419

LX. An Act to prevent the Assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of Places in the United Kingdom. 419

LXI. An Act for providing a Metropolitan Market and Conveniences connected therewith in lieu of the Cattle Market at Smithfield. 421

LXII. An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs, and to enable the Treasury to regulate the Mode of keeping the Account between the Receiver General of Customs and the Bank of England. 433

LXIII. An Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick. 436

LXIV. An Act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways. 437

LXV. An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the due Annexation of an isolated District, formerly of the County of Dublin, to a Barony of the County of Wicklow, for the Purposes of Grand Jury Cess and other Purposes. 439

LXVI. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ness at the Town of Inverness, and improving the Approaches thereto; and for amending the Acts relating to Highland Roads and Bridges. 441

LXVII. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Third, relating to the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, as exempts therefrom certain Gunpowder Magazines and Stores near Liverpool, and to make certain temporary Provisions with regard to the said Magazines and Stores. page 448

LXVIII. An Act to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and Management of Medical Charities in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland. 452

LXIX. An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals. 460

LXX. An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, so far as relates to Ireland. 460

LXXI. An Act to repeal certain Statutes relating to the Irish Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland. 472

LXXII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches and Chapels and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland. 480

LXXIII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Ecclesiastical Residences in Ireland. 502

LXXIV. An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, relating to Poor Rate Poundage and the Valuation of Ecclesiastical Property in Ireland; and to provide for the Renewal of Leases of Lands disappropriated from Bishoprics. 544

LXXV. An Act to amend and continue the Metropolitan Sewers Acts. 548

LXXVI. An Act to extinguish the Right of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to give Compensation in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating to the said Forest. 550

LXXVII. An Act to alter and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey. 561

LXXVIII. An Act to continue and amend an Act for establishing an Office for the Benefit of the Coalwhippers of the Port of London. 574

LXXIX. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Regulation of Steam Navigation, and to the Boats and Lights to be carried by Sea-going Vessels. 595

LXXX. An Act for confirming a certain Provisional Order of the General Board of Health for applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk. page 611

LXXXI. An Act to authorize the Removal from India of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and to give better Effect to Inquisitions of Lunacy taken in India. 612

LXXXII. An Act to amplify the Forms of Appointments to certain Offices, and the Manner of passing Grants under the Great Seal. 615

LXXXIII. An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. 617

LXXXIV. An Act to alter and amend an Act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand. 624

LXXXV. An Act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 628

LXXXVI. An Act to regulate the Affairs of certain Settlements established by the New Zealand Company in New Zealand. 633

LXXXVII. An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. 638

LXXXVIII. An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors. 640

LXXXIX. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Interment Act, 1850, and to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount for the Purposes of the said Act. 643

XC. An Act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland. 644

XCI. An Act to authorize the Application of Advances (out of Money now authorized to be advanced for the Improvement of Landed Property) to facilitate Emigration from certain distressed Districts of Scotland. 658

XCII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland. 660

XCIII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland. 697

XCIV. An Act to define and amend the Mineral Customs of certain Parts of the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, Part of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster; to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in the Barmote Courts therein; and to improve the Practice and Proceedings of the said Courts. 746

XCV. An Act for transferring the Duties of paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing Parts of the Crown Estate in the District of the Regent's Park and certain Streets and Places in Westminster from the Commissioners acting under several Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Fourth and King William the Fourth to the Parishes; and for transferring the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over certain other Places in Westminster to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and for other Purposes. page 785

XCVI. An Act to amend the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850. 803

XCVII. An Act to amend the Church Building Acts. 811

XCVIII. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health. 823

XCIX. An Act to amend the Law of Evidence. 828

C. An Act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice. 831

CI. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 841

CII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Merchant Seamen's Fund, and to provide for winding up the said Fund, and for the better Management thereof in the meantime. 866

CIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health. 881

CIV. An Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. 882

CV. An Act to continue an Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. 888

CVI. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Existence of Bribery in the Borough of St Alban. 894

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

14 Victoria.

CAP. I.

An Act to amend the Passengers Act, 1849.

[1st April 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Passengers Act, 1849, as herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

[Commissioners may fix different Lengths of Voyage for Steam and Sailing Vessels.]

I. The Power given by the Twentieth Section of the said Act to the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, acting by and under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time to declare what shall be deemed the Length of Voyage from the United Kingdom to any of the therein-mentioned Places, or to any other Port or Place whatsoever, shall be extended so as to authorize the said Commissioners, acting by and under the Authority aforesaid, from Time to Time, by such Notice and to be published in such Manner as in the same Section mentioned, to declare such a Number of Weeks or Days to be deemed to be the Length of Voyage of a Steam Vessel, different from the Number of Weeks or Days to be deemed to be the Length of Voyage of a Sailing Vessel, and to distinguish, where they think fit, between Vessels having Steam Engines to be used occasionally, or in aid of their Sails, and Vessels having Engines of full Power for constant Use, and to fix such different Lengths of Voyage as they may think reasonable for such different Descriptions of Vessels.

[Power to substitute different Dietary extended.]

II. The Power given by the Twenty-fifth Section of the said Act to the said Commissioners, acting under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time to substitute for any of the Articles of Food mentioned in the said Act any other Articles of Food, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, shall be extended so as to authorize the said Commissioners, by such Notice and to be published in such Manner as in the said Twenty-fifth Section mentioned, from Time to Time to determine and specify such Quantity or Quantities of One or more Articles of Food to be substituted for a given Quantity of any Article of Food specified in the said Act as the Commissioners may think necessary to secure to each Passenger an equivalent Amount of wholesome Nutriment, and the said Commissioners may in such Notice authorize the

Cap. 1. Passengers Act Amendment. 14 Vict.

Supply by the Master of any Passenger Ship of the substituted Articles or any of them in the Quantities specified in this Behalf, or of the Articles of Food mentioned in the said Act in the Quantities therein mentioned, at his Option, during all or any Part of a Voyage.

[Notices may be amended or revoked.]

---

Passenger Ships putting into Port damaged not to proceed without a Certificate of Fitness.

Powers of

Governors of Colonies and Governor General of India in Council* as to Length of Voyage and Dietary, extended.

Bond to be given by Masters of British and Foreign Passenger Ships.

III. Any Notice issued and published under either of the Powers herein-before referred to of the said Act, or under either of such Powers as extended by this Act, may be altered, amended, or revoked as Occasion may require by the said Commissioners, acting under the Authority aforesaid, by Notice to be issued and published in like Manner.

IV. No Passenger Ship putting into or touching at any Port of the United Kingdom after having sustained any Damage shall again put to Sea until such Damage has been effectually repaired, nor until the Master of such Ship has obtained from the Emigration Officer or his Assistant, or where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, from the Officer of Customs at such Port or Place, a Certificate that such Ship is fit in all respects to proceed on her Voyage; and in case of any Default herein the Master of such Ship shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, with Costs, and applied as a Penalty imposed by the said Act.

Y. The Powers given by the Sixty-second and Sixty-fourth Sections of the said Act to the Governor of any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad and to the Governor General of India in Council respectively to declare the Rule of Computation of the Length of any Voyage, or to substitute or authorize the Substitution for the Articles of Food and Provisions specified in the said Act other Articles of Food, shall be extended so as to enable such Governor and Governor General in Council respectively by Proclamation or Act (as the Case may require), subject to the Provisions of the said Passengers Act concerning Confirmation or Disallowance and Disallowance and Repeal respectively, to make, do, and authorize all such Declarations, Acts, and Matters with respect to any Voyage to which such Powers respectively extend as the Land and Emigration Commissioners, acting under the Authority aforesaid, may, under the Powers given by the Twenty-first and Twenty-fifth Sections of the said Act as extended by this Act, make, do, and authorize with respect to any Voyage to which their Powers extend.

VI. Before any " Passenger Ship " shall clear put or proceed on any Voyage to which the said Act shall extend, the Owner or Charterer, or, in the event of the Absence of such Owner or Charterer, One good and sufficient Person on his Behalf, to be approved by the Chief Officer of Customs at the Port of Clearance, shall, with the Master of the said Ship, in lieu of the Bond required by the Forty-third Section of the said Act, enter into a joint and several Bond, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, according to the Form contained in Schedule (A.) hereto annexed, the Condition of which Bond shall be, that the said Ship is in all respects seaworthy, and that all and ey^ry the Requirements of the said Act

Passengers Act Amendment Cap. 1.

5

Act and of this Act, and of the said Commissioners acting in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and of any Order which may at the Date of such Bond have been passed by Her Majesty in Council in virtue of the said Act, shall in all respects be Well and truly fulfilled and performed, and, in the Case of any Foreign Passenger Ship which shall proceed to any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, that the Master thereof shall submit himself in like Manner as a British Subject, being the Master of a British Passenger Ship, to the Jurisdiction of such Courts and Magistrates in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad as are by the said Act empowered to adjudicate on Offences committed against the said Act, and moreover that the Master, whether of a British or Foreign Passenger Ship, shall Well and truly pay all Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures which he may be adjudged to pay, either in the United Kingdom or by any such Tribunal abroad, for or in respect of the Breach or Nonperformance of any of the Requirements of the said Act: Provided always, that such Bond shall not be liable to Stamp Duty, and shall be executed in Duplicate.

VII. It shall be the Duty of the Chief Officer of Customs at the Port of Clearance of any such Passenger Ship to certify on One Part of such Bond that it has been duly executed by the said Master and the other Obligor, and to forward the same by Post to the Colonial Secretary of the Colony to which such Foreign Passenger Ship may be bound; such Certificate shall, in any Colonial Court of Judicature in which the Bond may be put in suit, be deemed conclusive Evidence of the due Execution of the Bond by the said Master and the other Obligor, and it shall not be necessary to prove the Handwriting of the Officer of Customs who may have signed such Certificate, nor that he was at the Time of signing it Chief Officer of Customs at the Port of Clearance; provided, that no such Bond shall be put in suit in any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Arrival therein of the said Ship, nor in the United Kingdom after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Return of the said Ship or of the said Master to the United Kingdom.

III. The said Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

Counterpart of Bond to be certified, and sent to the Colony to which Ship bound, and to be received in Evidence without further Proof of Execution.

This and recited Act One.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Bond to be given by Owner or Charterer and

Master.

Know all Men by these Presents, That we,

are held and firmly bound unto our Sovereign

by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Defender of the Faith,

in the Sum of One thousand Pounds of good and lawful

Money of Great Britain, to be paid to our said

the Heirs and Successors; to which Payment

well and truly to be made we bind ourselves and every of

6

The Clause within Brackets is to be inserted only when the Ship is to call at an intermediate Port to take in Water, as provided by s. 23. of the Act.

f This Clause to be inserted only in the Case of a Foreign Passenger Ship proceeding to any of the British Colonies.

Insert Names and Addresses in full of the Witnesses.

§ Certificate to be signed by the ChiefOfficcr of Customs in case of a Foreign Passenger Ship.

Cap. 1. Passengers Act Amendment. 14 VICT.

us, jointly and severally, for and in the whole, our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and every of them, firmly by these Presents. Sealed with our Seals. Dated this Day of in the Year of the Reign of said Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord

One thousand eight hundred and

Whereas by an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled cc An Act " to amend the Passengers Act, 1849, "it is amongst other things enacted, that before any u Passenger Ship " shall clear out or proceed on any Voyage to which the Provisions of the Passengers Act, 1849, shall extend, the Owner or Charterer, or, in the Absence of such Owner or Charterer, One good and sufficient Person on his Behalf, to be approved by the Chief Officer of Customs at the Port of Clearance, shall, with the Master of the said Ship, enter into a Bond to Majesty, Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that if the Ship whereof is Master, bound

to is in all respects seaworthy, [and if the said

Ship shall call at the Port of and there shall be shipped on board at such Port pure Water for the Use of the Passengers, sufficient in Quantity to afford an Allowance of Three Quarts daily to each Passenger for the Period of Weeks on the Voyage from such Port to the final Port or Place of Discharge of such Vessel,] and if all and every the Requirements of the said Passengers Act, 1849, and of the said recited Act, and of the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners acting in the Manner prescribed by the said Passengers Act, 1849, and of any Order in Council passed in virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, shall in all respects be well and truly performed, f [and if the Master for the Time being of the said Ship shall submit himself in like Manner as a British Subject, being the Master of a British Passenger Ship, to the Jurisdiction of the Tribunals in Majesty's Possessions abroad,

empowered by the said Passengers Act of 1849 to adjudicate on Offences committed against the said Act,] and if moreover all Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures which the Master of such Ship may be adjudged to pay for or in respect of the Breach or Non-fulfilment of any of such Requirements as aforesaid shall be well and truly paid, then this Obligation to be void, otherwise to remain in full force and virtue.

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the above-bounden in the Presence of J

§ [I hereby certify, that the above Bond was duly signed, sealed, and delivered according to the Law of Great Britain by the said blaster of the said Ship

and by the said ].

, o. N f Chief Officer of Customs for

(Signature), ---- { the Port of

(Date) Ulyill,

rip

1851.

Commons Inclosure.

Cap. 2.

7

CAP. II.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Sixth Annual Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

[1st April 1851.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth 1 Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act ' to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and ' Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the Division

of intermixed Lands, to provide Remedies for defective or in-

complete Executions, and for the Non-execution of the Powers

of General and Local Inclosure Acts, and to provide for the c Revival of such Powers in certain Cases9 issued their Provisional ' Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned ' in the Schedule to this Act, and have in the Annual General i Report of their Proceedings certified their Opinion that such

Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be pro-

ceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression K The Annual Inclosure Act, 1851."

8 St 9 Vict. c. 118.

[Short Title.]

Inclosures mentioned in Schedule may be proceeded with.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure.

County.

Date of Provisional Order.

Tanworth -Bromsberrow Heath -Abergwilly -Cellan Mountain Kington

Roggiet and Minutes Common. Blaenpenal Colby Moor Meppershall Twyford Down Owslebury

Lurkenhope Common Ash

Marshfield

Smallridge

Ipplepen

Warwick

Gloucester

Carmarthen

Cardigan

Hereford

Monmouth

Cardigan Westmorland -Herts and Beds -Southampton -Southampton -Salop -Surrey -Gloucester Devon -Devon -

12th July 1850.

20th June 1850.

11th October 1850.

13th November 1850. 25th November 1850. 20th June 1850.

20th June 1850.

21st August 1850.

20th June 1850.

21st August 1850.

21st August 1850.

21st August 1850.

6th August 1850.

23d September 1850.

11th October 1850.

23d September 1850,

Commons Inclosure.

14 VICT,

fc Cap. 2, 3.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Towednack Cornwall - 20th December 1850.

Ludgershall Wilts - 11th October 1850.

Compton Abbas Dorset m 16th January 1851.

Droxford Southampton - 13th November 1850.

Stourpaine and Ash Dorset i 14th January 1851.

Whitley Berks - 4th January 1851.

Shinfield Greens Berks - 4th January 1851.

Scaleby Moss - Cumberland - 4th January 1851.

Newton Cambridge 27th January 1851.

There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1851, the Sum of 8.000,000/1 out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 8,000,000/1 of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.. 4 & 5 W. 4. r. 15., and o 6 Vict.

66.

CAP. III.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

[1st April 1851.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutifhl and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

t. That there shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. That it shall be lawful fot the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eight Millions, and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and, prescribed in Act passed in

& t.hfi

9

1851. Consolidated, Fund. Cap. 3.

the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majestifs Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

III. That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Pri- The Clauses, vileges. Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities con- &c-in recited tained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to ^thi^Ac*.^ the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Rowers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance interest on Ex-of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the chequer Bills. Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V; That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Com- Bank of Eng-pany of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, land lnay to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to g (J^Ex)/. be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to on the Credit Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster* of this Act» upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Con- M.g

solidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and c. 20.

Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties Several Rates and Duties upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Bills prepared Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and by virtue of this empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of *^ dheJ this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor Bank, as Se-and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as curity for such the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance Advances-or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

gCjgl

Consolidated Fund.

Cap. 3, 4.

14 VICT.

VII. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be concur rauie tained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue upon the*grow, of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due ing Produce of thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and daed°Fund charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made

f Ki arnooMo

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to appoint a Vice Chancellor in the Room of Sir James fVigram% resigned.

[1st April 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the i Reign of Her present Majesty, Session One, Chapter ' the Fifth, Her Majesty was by Section Nineteen empowered to appoint by Letters Patent under the Great Seal Two fit ' Persons to be additional Judges Assistant to the Lord Chancellor in the Discharge of the Judicial Functions of his Office,

each of such additional Judges to be called Vice Chancellor;

and by Section Twenty-one it was provided that nothing

therein contained should authorize the Appointment of a Successor to the Vice Chancellor secondly appointed under the Authority of the said Act: And whereas the Right Honour-f able Sir James Wigram Knight was the Vice Chancellor ' secondly appointed under the said Act: And whereas the said Sir James Wigram has, by reason of ill Health, resigned ' the Office of Vice Chancellor to which he had been so appointed:

11

1851, Appointment of a Vice Chancellor. Cap. 4.

pointed: And whereas the State of Business in the Court of

Chancery renders it expedient that a Vice Chancellor should be appointed in the Place of the said Sir James Wigram Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, a fit Person, being or having been a Barrister-at-Law of Fifteen Years standing at the least, to be an additional Judge Assistant to the Lord Chancellor in the Discharge of the Judicial Functions of his Office, in the Place of the said Sir James Wigram, and to be called Vice Chancellor.

II. The Vice Chancellor to be appointed under this Act shall have all the same Powers and Privileges, and the same Rank, and shall be subject to the same Provisions, Duties, and Observances, as the said Sir James Wigram had or was subject to under the said Act of the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, Session One, Chapter the Fifth, excepting that he shall have Rank and Precedence next after the Vice Chancellors that now are.

III. He shall have a Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer, to be from Time to Time appointed and removed by him at his Pleasure; and the Secretaries, Registrars, and other Officers appointed to attend the Lord Chancellor shall attend such Vice Chancellor when sitting for the Lord Chancellor, and also when sitting in his separate Court, as Circumstances shall require, and as the Lord Chancellor shall order or direct.

IV. The Salary of such Vice Chancellor, and the Salaries of his Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer, shall be of the same Amounts, and paid out of the same Funds, and in like Manner as the Salaries of the said Sir James Wigram, his Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer, were and were directed to be

Sid under the said Act of the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter the Fifth.

V. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to grant to such Vice Chancellor, on his Resignation of or ceasing to execute his Office, an Annuity of the same Amount, after the same Period of Service, under the same Circumstances, subject to the same Conditions, and payable out of the same Fund as the Annuity authorized to be granted to each of the Vice Chancellors appointed under the said Act of the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter the Fifth.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to appoint One or more Person or Persons, removable at Pleasure, for the Purpose of keeping Order in the Court of the Vice Chancellor to be appointed under the Authority of this Act; and the Salaries of the Persons appointed or to be appointed under this Act, or under any Act or Acts now in force, to keep Order in the Court of the Vice Chancellor to be appointed under the Autho-

Appointment of additional Vice Chancellor.

Rank. &c. of additional Vice Chancellor.

To have a Secretary. Usher, and Train-bearer.

Salaries.

Retiring Pension.

Lord Chancellor may appoint Persona to keep Order in Court.

12 Cap. 4, 5. Appointment of a Vice Chancellor. 14 VICT.

rity of this Act, shall be of such Amount, not exceeding the yearly Sum of Eighty Pounds, as the Lord Chancellor may think reasonable, and such Salaries shall be paid to each such Person so to be appointed out of the same Funds, and at the same Time, and in like Manner as the Salaries of such Persons have heretofore been paid.

Successor not to VII. Nothing herein contained shall authorize the Appoint -

be appointed. ment of a Successor to the Vice Chancellor appointed under the Authority of this Act.

Cap. v.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[11th April 1851.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchants Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels* or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Disipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime in breach of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal/ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make, ordain, and establish Rules and Articles of War under the Hand of the said Lord High Ad-ttoif &c Deser" miral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forees, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. ]3

of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Pomipions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, or to the Discipline of the Royal Navy, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and In nU Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have beep made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under fiis Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the British Isles shall by such Articles be subject to be transported as a Felon or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former offences Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while against former on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, pr Articles ^Artide^of of "War made and established by virtue of the same, may during war.

the Continuance of this Act be tried, inquired of, and punished

in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act;

and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any

former Act shall remain in full force notwithstanding the Exr

piration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial

upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Pro- Limitation as

vided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and toT, me '

punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles

of War which shall appear to have been committed more than

Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for

such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having

absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable tp Justice within that Period, in which

Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased;

and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place

beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by

Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape, and come or be

brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence

had been committed within this Realm.

III. This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Act to extend Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to Jersey, &e. to the Provisions therein for enlisting of Recruits, whether

Mjnprs or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Re-

14

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while ou board Ship.

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

emits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IV. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or of Misdemeanor committed with Violence to the Person, Estate, or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects punishable by the well-known Laws of the Land; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westmvister, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

V. No Person who shall have been tried before any of the ordinary Courts of Law for any Crime cognizable in such Courts shall be liable to be punished for the same by any Court-martial otherwise than by cashiering; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

VI. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Fot^OwSea, and to the Rules

and

1851.

15

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial or to Naval Discipline, he shall be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene. Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, the Officer so authorized not being however below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's

b^QminionS,

Lord High Admiral, &c. may grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, &c.

General Courts-martial.

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Divisional and

Detachment

Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, See.

Courts-martial

in special Cases out of the

Cap. 5f Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Dominions, or o^her Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. A General Court-martial convened in Saint ffefcna, the Settlements on the Western Coast of 4friefy Honduras, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies^ Hong Kong, Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, and the Settlements on the Cqast of China, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Ionian Islands and the Parts before mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, or in the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

IX. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena^ Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a Pistrict or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

X. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of pot less than Five Officers, unless it be found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XL In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination, or of other Offences, committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that yrhich a Divisional Coujrt-martial is competent to award.

XII. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces which may at any Time be serving out of Her Majesty's

Dominions,

1851. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. When necessary or expedient, Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and of the Royal Marines may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or Marine Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Royal Marines, then the Proceedings of such Court-martial shall be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Provisions of the Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable.

XIV. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as afore stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to tiy any

17

Queen's Dominions.

Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial *

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c. an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

18

President of Court-martial.

Proceedings at Trial.

such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

XV. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Prisoner belongs, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had.

XVI. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed, but if he object to any Officer other than the President such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer, in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed, shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XVII. All

1851.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

19

XVII. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Swearing and Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an

Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in *the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in Zon-don or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute or their respective Substitutes within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVIII. After a Prisoner has been found guilty of any Previous Con-Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Prisoner ^tli?J"Eto be shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Pri- {jence! soner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment, receive

in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of the Infliction or Remission of all or any Part of such

Sentence

20

Sentence, made from the original Minutes of such Court or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein-before provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found guilty.

Report of Pro- XIX. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such,

ceedings of at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District

ourts-m&rti or Court-martial, are required to transmit, with as

much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean9 Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been

1851. Marine Mutiny* Cap. 5. 21

been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XX. No Officer or Soldier being acquitted or convicted of No Second any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Seoond Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XXI. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Crimes punish-Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed *ble with

or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private th '

Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subject to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners fqr executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence agains^ C

B 3 'other

22

Judgment of Death.

Commutation of Death for Transportation.

Embezzlement punishable by Transportation.

Cap. 5k Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

XXII. No .Judgment of Death by Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present, being Members of the Court, shall concur therein.

XXIII. Whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Plaoe which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXIV. Every Officer and other Person employed in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently mis-apply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military or Royal Marine Stores, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained'os aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and

may

1651. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. 23

may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXV. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sen- Transportation tence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter to be passed of Offenders, upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute, as herein provided, any Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave, of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall

make

24

In the Colonies.

Disposal of Convict after

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny 14 VICT.

make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXVI. Whenever any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Transportation by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXVII. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Transportation, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial

1851. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. 25

be adjudged to be transported as authorized by this Act, it shall Sentence of be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which 'l«n*porution. such Marine shall have belonged to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Transportation to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

XXVIII. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Power to inflict

Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for dis- 1>u *

graceful Conduct as herein-after mentioned. Misbehaviour, or ms raent* Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Power to inflict Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Corporal Pu-Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard jTmpri^i^nt. Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

XXX In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form Power to com* the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court- Corporal martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the Pumshmenu United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, or to mitigate such Sentence by awarding Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without Hard.

Labour, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; provided that such Commutation of Punishment to Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXXL Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any Forfeiture of other Punishment which it may be competent to award, sentence and PetJ-

aion by Sen.

tence of Court-martial.

Forfeit urc of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture ot Pay when in Confinement;

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might aocrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, iu addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXXII. Every Marine who shall be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXIII. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by

reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any othei; Court duly authorized to pass such ' Sentence,

1851.

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. 27

Sentence, or by reason of liia Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement, or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence or during Ab- from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge roitmeTt under of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court- a Charge, or in martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or arrest for Debt; whilst in Arrest for Debt; and when any Marine shall be ab- or when Pri-sent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to sloner of War; reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service duo Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any when con-Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence sertion^r^b-without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded scoce without by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which Leave; he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave or.lvhen for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account not^exceeding6 for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or Five Days, if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, or with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished,

V; dfdered

k

ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be 'so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that when any Sentence shall have been wholly remitted, and the Offence pardoned by competent Authority, the Marine shall be entitled to receive his Pay for the Days he may have been in Confinement or Arrest previous to his Trial, and until such Decision has been pronounced: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

Forfeiture of XXXIV. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial ft)ryhabitual<1UOr before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunken-Drunkennes*. ness shall, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court is competent to award, deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and# under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct: Provided, that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

Forfeiture of XXXV. A General, District, or Garrison Court-martial etmettr Dn, nk" ma7 sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty, and any on u y* Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk when on or for Duty or on Parade, or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

Stoppages. XXXVI. In addition to any other Punishment which the

Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made

good —

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified: Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

1851. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5* 29

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or any Loss,

Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Accoutrements and Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his messing and washing, so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a L)ay.

XXXVII. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted Discharge with of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect Ignominy, thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXVIII. On the first and on every subsequent Con- Marking viction of Desertion the Court-martial, after awarding such Deserter*-Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Armpit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXIX A General or District or Garrison Court-martial Power of Im-may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without P^nmclJ?.b5 Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be courts- kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of martial, such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall extend beyond Three Months the Court-martifcl shall imperatively order that the proper Proportion only of the Sentence of Solitary Confinement shall be inflicted within the first Three Months, and a similar Proportion only within each of the succeeding Three Months, of the Imprisonment awarded; and any Divisional

Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Proviso for llemoval of Prisoners.

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 Vict.

Bional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine may be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with an Interval between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be solitary only, the Period shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XL. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence of a Court-martial for any former Offence, it shall be lawful for the Court to award Imprisonment for the subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such Offender shall have been previously sentenced; and where such Offender shall be already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Offender shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherw ise awarded.

XLI. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Transportation or Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

XLII. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo

by tllP

1851, Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5, 31

the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLIII. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper Custody of Pri-of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Jenc^m Com-Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprison- mon Gaols, ment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor,

Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol,

House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for ever}' such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIV. The Gaoler or Person having the immediate In- Their Subsist-spection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Gaols" Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned by the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated,

32 Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny 14 VICT.

together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

Expiration of

XLV. Every Gaoler or Person having the immediate In-

8Pect*on "7 public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or GaoUnnkm other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have have been given, or who shall have Reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody upon any Charge or for any Offence, Civil, Criminal, or Military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, if he be confined under Sentence of Imprisonment, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Military Pri- XLVI. Every Military Prison which shall be 'established

sons established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and De-UunKhingtMu- 8erfci°n> mu* for the better Payment of the Army and their tiny and De. Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the

sertion in Army Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force ^Wi^PrUon*. *or t^ie Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

Mufttcra and XLVII. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of Penalty on fulie every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Muster*. Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough, and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the Service of Her Majesty; and any Person who fraudulently offer or procure

himself

1851.

33

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVIII. All Muster Bolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines Verifying of required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and Muster Boll *, attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIX. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and TrUlsforDe-punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may ^b^quent Behave enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may enlistment, of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

L. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter Apprehension it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can of Deserter *, be immediately met with, then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Marine in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by Evidence sufficient to satisfy such Justice, that there are reasonable Grounds for believing that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or if such Head Quarters or Depot shall not be stationed within Five Miles, then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected [Xo. 3. Price 2rf.] C

34

Penalty on Marines straggling or attempting to desert from Head Quarters.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Person was apprehended or in which he was committed or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody, and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committe d to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed 1 >y an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of the same; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or if the Detachment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding in the Colony a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

LI. For and in respect of any Marine straggling or attempting to desert from any Head Quarters who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sui

35

1851, Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and re* tained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

LII. Every Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Person shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

LIII. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy, or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall, to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof, and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and, if in Scotland or Ireland, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under fake Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland\ of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Imws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith^ or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Impomtion

C 2 Person

Temporary Custody of De-setters in Gaols.

Fraudulent ' Confession of Desertion.

7&8 G. 4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

36 Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

LIV. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LV. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be

C"r\r\cs\o lawful

1851.

37

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough , be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LVL Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Marines liable Forces as a Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her to be taken out Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor com- only for Felony raitted with Violence to the Person, Property, or Effects of certain any of Her Majesty's Subjects, or on account of an original ^for^Xt*^ Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on amounting to his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the 30/. and up-least over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions, wards such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable to be summoned before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Capias, Writ, Summons,

Order, Judgment, Process, or Execution issued by or by the Authority of any Court or Inferior Court for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or main- but noUiable taining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for Her Maje*^ deserting or having deserted, or for leaving or having left ty's Service for chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Union, any Wife, or not maintaining any Child or Children, legitimate or illegitimate, or other Relation which such Marine would, if not in Her Majesty's Service, of Contract, be liable by Law to support or maintain, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and

38 Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

Officer* not LVII. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces Pwish^Amn^n- res^ng Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall tice*. be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Appren-

tice to him.

Officer* not to LVIII. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full be Sheriffs or pay an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall ayors* be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

Enlisting and LIX. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money cn^u°g0fRe" (knowing it to be such) to serve in the Royal Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an

Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall, within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money, cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and, if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Blgo&dwhere he offered to enlist, the

Place J

1851. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. 89

Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight Hours, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, (any intervening Sunday not included,) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine he shall within Ninety-six Hours, (any intervening Sunday not included,) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such Enlisting, unless he shall voluntarily have absented himself or absconded, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, not being an Officer in the Marines, residing in the Vicinity of the Place or acting for the Division or District or Place where such Recruit shall have enlisted, or where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party shall be stationed, and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there in the Presence of the said Recruit record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over to such Recruit, the several Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit, and no other Oaths, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fee for administering such Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LX. Any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice Diwent and shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and repaying the Enlisting Money, and the full Amount of any Pay he may have received as a Recruit, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay all such Money and Pay as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum bf Money required to be paid by any Recruit decknfl^h^fe-

d RPTlt.

40

Cap. 5. Murine Mutiny. 14 V MJT.

sent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice upon Proof to his Satisfaction that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting One Shilling as the Fee to his Clerk for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto, and demanding the same: Provided also, that no Recruit who has actually, though erroneously, been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Cause thereof.

Offences con- LXI. If any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from Enihtment any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before a Justice, or shall absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he shall be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County,

I by

Division,

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 5,

41

Division, District, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his belonging or having belonged to the Militia, or any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or the Forces of the East India Company, and discharged, or to have deserted therefrom, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity, or designedly made any false Representation at or previously to the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England 7 & 8 G<1 C-2D* relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for con- 9G. 4. C. 55. solidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished, or prosecuted, tried, and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continuance of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed taken by the Recruit on his Attestation, and the Certificate signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as in the Oath sworn by him; and Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty'gjtNavy or Marine

or

42 Cap. 5.

Mutiny Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Penalty on Officers offend ing as to En* listment.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

or Ordnance, or to the Forces of the East India Company, or that he designedly made any false Representation of any Particular contained in the said Oaths and Certificates or either of them before the Justice at the Time of the Attestation of the Person being prosecuted, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled to serve in the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist into the Marines who shall deny that he is a Militiaman then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during ny Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Marine to the Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted: Provided also, that every such Person shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in which he has so enlisted during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve therein.

LXII. Every Marine Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LXIII. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not

deliver

1851.

43

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

LXIV. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXv. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant.

14 Vict.

Punishment of A pprentices enlisting.

Servants enlist* ing to be entitled to a Portion of their Wage*.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.

Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny.

said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXVI. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXVII. And whereas certain Marines who have heretofore ' been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath ' of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Marines ' have been so sworn and attested were the proper Justices to administer to such Marines the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine ' Forces while on shore:' Be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Marine having been duly enlisted shall have been so attested and swrorn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like Manner, as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVIII. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners fox; executing the Office of

Lord

1851.

45

Marine. Mutiny. Cap. 5.

Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

LXIX. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the Billeting of ' marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Marin*.

Forces when on shore Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bit and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were therein locally situated: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and nr^ more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are enective

4ft Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made cut by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person having Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to their Houses; and it shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Marines in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act, Allowance to LXX. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine

Innkeepers. billeted in England shall, if required by such Marine, furnish

him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the

March,

1851.

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5. At

March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be.furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ninepence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billeted, the Sum of Fourpence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the Officers and Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons on whom such Men are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer, and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid and charged to the Officer's Account.

LXXTOjPAF

48

Supply of Carriages.

Hates for Carriages.

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

LXXI. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage on their Marches m Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or- Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

LXXIL In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen

Hundred-

1851.

49

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel. Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstanmed Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated D by

Providing for Supply of Carriages, &c. in Cases of Emergency.

Cap. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

14 VICT.

by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to -impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

LXaIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-com-8 t missioned

1851.

51

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

hiissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or . of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance fior Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines,

Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace justices of assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to Peace to direct

Ety, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or ^ay, Tient of., iding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of the for^rrUges, Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for &c. that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year, and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXV. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or j^j LiCute-other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, nant of Ireland by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to y depute^ sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of to sien

Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVI. All Officers and Marines, being in proper Uniform, Exemption Dress or Undress, and their Horses, (but not when passing in Tolls, any private or hired Vehicle,) and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under

D 2 by

52

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Daws relating to Billets and Carriages.

Cap. 5.

Marine Mutiny.

14 Vict;

Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses* Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time* and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXVII. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

LXXVIII. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outride of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of such Notification.

LXXIX. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand.

or

1851.

Marine Mutiny *

Cap. 5.

53

or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXa. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon Penalty upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or Officer* of shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate thereof be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children,

Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said

Offences,

54

Cap. 5.

Marine.

14 VICT,

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &c. from any Marine.

Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Courts martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except, in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXXI. Every Marine Officer who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXII. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Marine, or shall be employed by any Marine, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles, which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or othe' Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles, which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, or Necessaries to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more Justices of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which

55

.1851. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 5.

such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit, and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction for the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXXIII. All the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement ' as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIV. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near such Place where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, and who upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXV. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof,

D 4 or

Penalty on un« lawful recruiting.

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

Limitation of Actions.

56

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Recovery of Penalties,

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six, Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence, on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LXXXVI. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that, in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court

m

1851.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

57

in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

LXXXVII. One Moiety of every such. Penalty or Forfei- Appropriation ture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go °* Penaltle* to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of Such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of 5&6 W. 4. C. 76. Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXXXVIII. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of Licences of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or c*nteen*-transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer,

Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same wh</ shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid, and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such Exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

LXX1XIX. Any Justice in the United Kingdom, within Mode of record-whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore, may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom:

Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again

summoned

4

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Definition of Xerms.

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 Vict.

summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XC. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

XCI. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmeq, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drank in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in England in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance or

Marine

59

Marine Mutiny* Cap. Si

Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

XCII. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from Duration of the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Act* fifty-one until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do Swear. That I will duly administer Justice,

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further

14 VICT.

60 Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny.

swear, Thai I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode, agreeably to the Provisions of the Marine Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday not being counted.

{Date] 185 .

you enlisted with at o'Clock *

on the Day of 185, for the

Royal Marines, and if you do not come forward on or before o'Clock* on the for the Purpose of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be attested, or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Marine without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

Signature of the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Party.

Name of the Recruit__________

Residing at__________

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

a

Questions

1851.

Marine Mutiny *

Cap. 5 *

Questions to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Name?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you bom?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal

Marine Forces for the Term of [this Blank

to be filled up by the Justice with " Twelve Years," if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under that Age then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and

where and by whom, were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia ?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ord-

nance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note. — The Magistrate is directed in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions

have been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and

that

Cap. 5. Marine Mutiny. 14 VICT.

that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all OiSers of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________Signature of the Recruit

__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark.

1 J One of Her Majesty's Justices of

to wit J the Peace at do hereby certify, That the above is the Description of the Recruit; and

in my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to the said; that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth Articles or the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; that he was

not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that \this Blank is to

be supplied by the Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence," or by the Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is within the Division, District, or Place for which I act," or by the Words w I am acting within the Division, District, or Place where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party is stationed," as the Case may be]; that I am not an Officer in the Marines, and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

Signature of the Justice.

[Declaration

<J3

1851.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

J do declare, That I am at present [or was, as

the Case may be, '] in the Division of the Royal

Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day

of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years, [to be filled up with Twelve Years,

and in the Case of a Marine about to embark for Foreign Service with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-four Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me,

__________Signature of Marine.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am by

Trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said did on or

about the day of last abscond and quit

my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about

Years. Witness my Hand at the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

POne of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him

in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of, for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day

of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of hjs Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

64

Marine Mutiny.

14 VICTi

Cap. 5.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as

Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age - -! 1

Height - - Feet. Inches.

Complexion -

Hair -

Eye* ...

Marks .....

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where -

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place

f i Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended -

* < Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

Signature and Address

of Magistrate.

— Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant.

t Insert " Is or " U not," as the Case may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

..... - Signature of Military Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

Insert "fit" or "unfit, as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

1851.

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

65

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[11th April 1851.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should Number*.

consist of Ninety-eight thousand seven hundred and fourteen Men, exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments:

And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of Article* of w*r War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, which ade b7 Ht r Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges, and jU(^!nytakeri in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by notice of the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary at War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to be transported as a Felon, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punish- E ment

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VrcT.

Persons subject to this Act.

Act to extend to Jersey,

Guernsey, &c.

ment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Soldiers belonging to the Forces of the East India Company while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to the Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and to Master Gunners, and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving in the Regiment of Royal Engineers and the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to Persons in the Ordnance and Commissariat Departments, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Forces at home or abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of Her Majesty's Ordnance Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Eseape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall

3 carry

1851. Mutiny. Cap. 6. 67

carry out any such Articled, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds, in the said Islands.

IV. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being mustered Foreign Troops and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her m thli Country. Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or

occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise be con- Militia and strued to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Yolun- Yeom*ni7* teer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only in such

Cases wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

VI. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act p?wer to con. and the Articles of War to Justice Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Her Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command; the Officer so authorized not being, however, below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by

E 2 Cmirt-

General Courts-martial.

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Regimental and

Detachment

Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships.

Courts-martial in special Cases out of the

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vict.

Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Fart of Her Majesty's Dominions where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VII. A General Court-martial convened in Saint Helena, the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, Honduras, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, and Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions excepting the Ionian Islands and the Parts before mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven, and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, or in the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

IX. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three may be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination, or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

XI. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Troops which may

69

1851. Mutiny. Cap. 6.

at any Time be serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Queen'* Do-Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial r Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. Where necessary or expedient. Officers of Her Ma- Mixed Court *, jesty's Royal Marines, or Officers in the Service of the East India Company, or Officers of both such Services, may sit on Ex*t7ndi» Courts-martial, together with Officers of Her Majesty's Land Company. Forces, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Land Forces, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces only, and the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marines, then the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein prescribed^ shall be applicable; and where the Person to be tried shall be in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer, though in the actual Service of the said Company, may hold a Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

XIII. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed Pmident of by the Authority convening such Court, and shall in no Case be Court-, 1<urtl *, the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison

where the Offender shall be tried, nor Commander of the Regiment or Body of Troops composed of Detachments of different Regiments to which the Prisoner belongs; nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial holden

E 3 on

Proceedings t Trial.

Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny

14 VICT.

on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Slip not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had.

XIV. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers; and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall have been made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the)Moming and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XV. AU General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharge! by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge

of

1851.

71

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was artested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court* martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin* or in the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland* or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVI. After a Prisoner has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which any such Prisoner shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Prisoner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding, and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of the Infliction or Remission of all or any Part of such Sentence, made from the original Minutes of such Court, or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate General or by his Deputy, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, or by any competent Staff Officer, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction,

E 4 any

Previous Convictions to be put in Evidence.

72

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vici.

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courts-martial.

No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

any Certificate transmitted as herein-before provided to the Officer commanding a Regiment by the Clerk of any such Court, or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him: Provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found guilty.

XVII. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, where the Offender shall be a Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Land Forces, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XVIII. No Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XIX. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces,

.1851.

73

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer-; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or 'Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

XX. No Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

XXI. Whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such

Judgment of Death.

Commutation of Death for Transportation.

n

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VICT.

Embezzlement punishable by Transportation.

Execution of Sentences of Transportation in the United Kingdom.

Sentence, to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXII. Every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of Her Majesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who Bball embezzle or fraudulently misapply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage, of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Lise, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made ^ood by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or m Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or . when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland^ then by the Secretary at War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Picas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon

1851. Mutiny. Cap. 6.

such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of .other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, .deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXIV. Whenever any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in like Manner as for the Transportation

75

In the Colonies.

Power to inflict

Corporal

Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

Cap. 6. Mutiny' 14 VICT.

tation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies* or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Transportation, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for disgraceful Conduct, as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

XXVII. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, or to mitigate such Sentence by awarding Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; provided that such Commutation of Punishment to Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXVIII. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service or might accrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and

any

77

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXIX. Every Soldier who shall be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXX. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement under Sentence;

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in Arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when eon* victed of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave;

or when absent without Leave, not esceeding Five Days.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VICT.

of Service as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged, and no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Arrest for Debt; and when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence; but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Soldier who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour^ or with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he shall have so absented himself, and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a

Bight

79

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

Bight to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that when any Sentence shall have been wholly remitted, and the Offence pardoned by competent Authority, the Soldier shall be entitled to receive his Pay for the Days he may have been in Confinement or Arrest previous to Trial, and until such Decision had been pronounced: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXI. A General, District, or Garrison Court-martial may Forfeiture of sentence any Soldier for being drunk on Duty, and any Court- Pay for Dnk- martial may sentence any Soldier for being drunk when for ennea, on ty' Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of

a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXII. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial Forfeiture of before which any Soldier shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall, in addition to any other Punishment which Drunkenness, such Court is competent to award, deprive such Soldier of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Two Years,

and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award, every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier, convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct: Provided always, that a Soldier so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay, who shall be quartered at or removed to a Station where Liquor forms Part of his Ration and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay for so long a Time as he shall remain at such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXIII. In addition to any other Punishment which the Stoppages. Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made

good —

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Distances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified: Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Horse, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, or any extra Article

80 Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking Deserters.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Horse, Clothing, Instruments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries of any Officer or Soldier, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of Accoutrements and Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his Messing and Washing, so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXIV. Whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXV. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction of Desertion the Court-martial, after awarding such Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXVI. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall extend, beyond Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the proper Proportion only of the Sentence of Solitary Confinement shall be inflicted within the First Three Months, and a similar Proportion only within each of the succeeding Three Months of the Imprisonment awarded; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such

Soldier

81

1851# Mutiny. Cap. 6.

Soldier may be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time* with an Interval between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement; provided that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Regimental, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be solitary only, the Periods shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XXXVII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court- Imprisonment martial on an Offender already imprisoned under Sentence of a ^fr^7endej8 Court-martial for any former Offence, it shall be lawful for the sentence forr Court to award Imprisonment for the subsequent Offence to previous Of-commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such feDCe* Offender shall have been previously sentenced, and where such Offender shall be already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Offender shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation respectively may exceed the,

Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIII. Save as herein-before specially provided, every Term and Term of Transportation or of Imprisonment under the Sentence Pl.acC of Im* of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned Pn*°nmenU as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and, Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the

Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and under the Sentence of any other Court-martial shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XXXIX. It shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to set Military Pri-apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be °ns* erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and

to declare that any Building, or any Two or more separate and detached Buildings, shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison, whether the same now exist or may hereafter be established, which shall be, or which under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament have beep, so as aforesaid set apart or declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary at War; and it shall be lawful for F the

32 (Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICti

the Secretary at War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person and Persons as the Secretary at War may from Time "to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors ' of such Prison; and the Secretary at War may authorize any

General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison respectively shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary at War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governors, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

Custody of Pri- XL. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper soners under of any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction intenceTn Com- an7 Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his

moft Gaols. Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs QT is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the-Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops ai*o Called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal,

Gaoler,

1851.' Mutiny. Cap. 6* 83

Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

XLI. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment Proviso for under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison ^e.moval of other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of riRoners* this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be:

Provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLII. The Gaoler, or Person having the immediate Inspec- Their Subsi*t-tion of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up ence in Com-House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Ma- mon Gaols* jesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned by the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary at War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLOT. Every Gaoler, or Person having the immediate In- Expiration of spection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or imprisonment other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have Qa^'nmon been given, or who shall have Reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there

F 2 shall

4

Mutter* and Punishment for false Mutter*.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-snlittmmt

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny. 14 VICT.

shall not be sufficient Time for a Mpnth's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

AX.IV. Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Soldier shall, be absent from such Musters unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall, make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for, such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service.

XLV. Every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and whether such Soldier shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on* such Trial.

XLVI. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by Evidence sufficient to satisfy such Justice that there are reasonable Grounds for believing, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment to which he belongs* if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or

u

1851. r Mutiny. Cap. &

if such Head Quarters or Depdt shall not be stationed within Five Miles* then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lockup House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or to the Party of his Regiment in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depdt of his Regiment, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner, who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary at War, and transmit also to the Secretary at War a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary at War may order Repayment of the same; and when any Person shall be in the Colonis*. apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or, if the Regiment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding in the Colony a Description Return in the

by

A

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VICT.

Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

XLVII. Every Gaoler, or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Older from the Office of the Secretary at War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Person shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

XLVIII. Any Recruit who shall desert prior to joining the Regiment for which he has enlisted shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that all Cavalry Recruits so committed for Desertion shall be transferred to Cavalry Regiments, and Infantry Recruits to Infantry Regiments; and that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty, except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty, reserving only for them that Part of the Bounty which is applicable to and required for the Provision of Necessaries.

XLIX. Any Soldier who, while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial, and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forces, as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter as aforesaid he shall be liable to be taken before Two Justices of the Peace, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false shall by them be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if

in

1851.. Mutiny. Cap. 6.

in Scotland or Ireland, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time

not exceeding Three Months, or be deemed guilty of obtaining

Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meanr

ing, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act 7&8 0.4. c. 29.

for amending and consolidating the Laws in England relative to

Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland,

.of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating ami 9 G. 4.C. 55. amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or shall be deemed guilty, if in Scotland, of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, as the Case may be, shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, as the Case may be, and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of sugh Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished, in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the some; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of Her Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

L. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank Extension of not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, Furlough in within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-com- c"of Slck, i, missioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension

F 4 of

88

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate, or by a Jury, to be tried by Court-martial for the same Offence.

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts amounting to 30/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vict.

of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LI. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or punished for the same, otherwise than by cashiering; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such* Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, containing the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, and containing also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

LIL Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Service as a Soldier, or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution oh account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor committed with Violence to the Person, Property, or Effects of any of Her Majesty's Subjects, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable to be summoned before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be

1851,

89

Mutiny.

Cap. 8.

taken out of Her Majesty's Service, by any Capias, Writ, Stun* Ser, ic* mons. Order, Judgment, Process, or Execution issued by or by ^.^or'fc^of the Authority of any Court or Inferior Court, for any original maintaining Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or Families maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for deserting or having deserted, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Union, any Wife, or any Child or Children, legitimate or illegitimate, or other Relation, which such Soldier or Person would, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be liable by Law to support or maintain, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to Such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided, that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body; provided also, that nothing herein contained, relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract,

Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein-after prescribed.

LOT. No Officer of Her Majesty's Forces residing in Bar- ^j^noJe racks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable p^uhA^ to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him. prentice*.

LIY. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Officers not to Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or Sheriff* or elected to be Sheriff of any County or other Place, or to be yoru Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

L Y. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money, know- Enlisting and ing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, an

attested

90 Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 .VICT.

attested Soldier, or an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital authorized to enlist Recruits, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong "to the Militia, and shall within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and (if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist) the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule t6 this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Land Service he shall, within Four Days (any intervening Sunday not included) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he snail have enlisted, before any Justice or other Magistrate residing in the Vicinity of the Plac$ where such Person shall have enlisted, or before any Justice or other Magistrate acting for the Division, District, or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, and in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to tins Act annexed, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths; and the Fee for administering each Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give under his Hand the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the' Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

Dissent *nd LVI. Any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Jus-

EnllrtmMu ^ce 8^£dl be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such enlist-

mg.

185 L

Mutiny. Cap. 6; 91

ing, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, together with the full Amount of any Pay which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting One Shilling as the Fee to his Clerk for reporting the Payment to the Secretary at War, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; and no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall iu every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

LVIL If any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money Offence* «m- from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it. to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the East India Company, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and

that

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vicrt

that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Her Majesty's Secretary at War, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of* active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, may be transferred to any Garrison or Veteran or Tnvalid Battalion or Company, or into Her Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as Her Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed has having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity, or to have designedly made any false Representation upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice, at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money or Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or into the Service of the East India Company, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh

* 85!

* 3

Mutiny. (Cap. 6)

and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in 7 & 8 G. 4. C. 29. England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland 9G. 4. C. 55 relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished or prosecuted, tried and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continnanoe of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, taken by the Recruit on his Attestation, and the Certificate then signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary *, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as in the Oath sworn by him; and Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknow* lodged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Mffitia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Ordnance, Navy, or Marines, or to the Forces of the East India Company, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Prof duction of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary at War by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled to serve the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist who shall deny that he is a Militia-man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, er shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's

Forces,

94 Cap. 6, Mutiny. 14 Vict *

Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted: Provided always, that every such Person shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

Punishment of LYHL Every Military Officer who shall wilfully act con-Officers offend- trary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding LaJs^egarding *ke enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service Enlistment or for the Service of the East India Company shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

Enlistment and

LIX. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should Re-enlistment made for enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of ' re-enlisting and others desirous of enlisting abroad: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, to authorize the Governors of Colonies, and of the several Presidencies in India, to appoint any Person, not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier; and every Infantry Soldier consenting to be transferred to the Cavalry or Artillery shall upon such Transfer become liable to serve the limited Period prescribed for the Cavalry or Artillery, as the Case may be, notwithstanding his original Engagement to serve in the Infantry for a shorter Period.

Enlistment of LX. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not Negroes. bom in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Ser-

vice,

1851. Mutiny. Cap. 6. 95

vice, shall while serving be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army,

shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

LXL Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's or the East India Com- lUbhftoterre pany's Service, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom after the Elbe shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, Piration of shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under raise Pre- pprenU tences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces.

LXII. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice Claims of m»-who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's or the East India *5" to APPren" Company's Service, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month Uce* after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or

W Cap. ft.

Mutiny. 14 Vict.

Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

Punishment of LXIIL No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left; with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

Wages of Scr- LXIV. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any

vants collating. Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXV. Ami

1851:

97

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

LXV. And whereas certain Soldiers who have heretofore been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested; but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Soldiers have been so sworn and attested were duly qualified to administer to such Soldiers the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their QuartersIn every Case where any such Soldier, having been duly enlisted, shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed during the last Session of Parliament for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes and in like Manner as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVI. No Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required by Her Majesty's Regulations, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demand it, shall be discharged from any further Service; provided, as aforesaid, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty, or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until Her Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

LXVII. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Soldiers.

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

Suspending Operation of recited Acts.

e

6 Anne, c. 14.

How and where Troops may be billeted.

Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

4 Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever:

And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, ' nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should at any Time thereafter be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, 4 by reason of which Emergency the Army should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said recited Acts and the several Provisions thereof shall not be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

LXVIII. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid,

payi-g

1851.

99

Mutiny *

Cap. 6.

paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Men and their Horses shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, ' or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men and Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse

G 2 billeted

A

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vict;

Exemptions from Billets.

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the Houses of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Storekeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of auy Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LXIX. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties, and

Borough

1851* Mutiny. Cap. 6* 10f

Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively* which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty \V ords.

LXX. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Military Offi-Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly in *

or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters billeting, for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, but that all Warrants,

Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LXXI. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier Allowance to is billeted in England shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish Innkeeper#-him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in England, except when on the March and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are billeted, the Sum of Fourpence per Week for each Horse

G* 3 GoO^all

102 Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

Definition of LXXII. All the Powers and Provisions in this Act con-Terms. tained relating to England shall be construed to extend to

Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Powers and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Stark, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magis-Powers and Re- trates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given gulations as to to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in rela-1 QtSt tion to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties

and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling

Houses

1851.

103

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables,

Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary.

LXXIII. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Supply of Car- Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland^ all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of Her Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justices, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to inarch, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation as far as the same can be done.

LXXIV. In every Case in which the whole Distance for Rate* to be which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile P"d for c*! *

Q4 D|9h nages, and Rc-

104

gelations relating thereto.

Cap. 6, Mutiny. 14 VICT.

the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel. One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Bates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Bates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may 'seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Bates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Bate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Bates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and

OOgLC tjic

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

105

the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the 6&me can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of-Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

LXaV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or the Lord Supply of Car-Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland by the Chief {Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or Navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Llepartment, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by

this

Justices em-jtowered to reimburse Constables for Sums expended by them.

Routes in Ireland.

Tolls.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VICT.

this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXVI.Tt shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to

Sty, without Fee, out of the public Stock of the County or iding, or if such public Stock be insufficient then out of the Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXVII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVIII. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, (but not when passing in any hired or private Vehicle,) and all Recruits, marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order, or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's

Colonies;

1851. Mutiny. Cap. 6. 107

Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXIX. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in Ferries, their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Bate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the Ordinary Bate for such Boat.

LXXX. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if Marching then serving abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Di^L°e. Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to g receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

LXXXI. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England Notification to and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from conduct of the Secretary at War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging Soldiers to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXXII. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend Ordinary to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony or not to be inter-of Misdemeanor committed with Violence to the Person, Estate, fered with-or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects, punishable by Punishment of the well-known Laws of the Land, and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him justice!8 for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate thereof, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

LXXXIII. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by Her Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negotiate or receive, for any Purpose whatsoever, any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXXV. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shgll directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made,

forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

LXXXVI. All the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVII. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Soldier to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure Qr persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LXXXVIII. Any Officer or Soldier who shall forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIX. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Tears; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of

109

Penalty on

unlawful

recruiting.

Penalty for inducing Soldiers to desert.

Penalty for forcible £ntry in pursuit of Deserters.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

no

14 Vict.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

Certain Provisions of Gaol Acta to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may then be unexpired; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may, on Conviction thereof by a single Visitor, be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to his original Sentences; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in England and Wales shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons, so far as any Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend, or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

XC. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House,

or

1851.

Ill

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and refusing to con-to confine or to discharge or deliver over any Military Offender fine, &c.Military in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every offen such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XCI. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, ex- Penalty on purchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other chasin« Soldiers Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice Store^&c?* any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms,

Ammunition, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles,

Necessaries, or Forage as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she dame by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more Justices of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence a Copy of the Conviction certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction of the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to

Law:

112 Cap. 6* Mutiny. 14 Vict.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Lasts relating to Billets and Carriages.

Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of each or of any of Her Majesty's Colonies, on the Recommendation of the Officer for the Time being administering the Government of any such Colony, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to any such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person administering the Government of any such Colony on Her Majesty's Behalf, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Colonial Legislature.

XCII. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servant^ of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's

_ Regulations

113

1851.

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

Regulations, not exceeding Twelve Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled, or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, they being in proper Staff <er Regimental or Military Uniform,

Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCIII. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to Penalties upon quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this the Military so Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or offending' upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London^ who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary-at-War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for

114 Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer hall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Penalty on XCIV. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or killing Game. near 8Uch Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Form of XCV. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person

ouona at . for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the July which shall try the Issue; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

Reeorery of XCVI. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures tna tiM. are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria9 l! & 12 Vict. intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of c'4S* o Justices

115

1651. Mutiny. Cap. 6 *

Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Sessions in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCVII. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary-at-War, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary-at-War.

XCVIII. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at

H 2 by

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 7«.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries to attest their Accounts.

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 VICT.

any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XCIX. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers, within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

C. All Muster Bolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified before and attested by any Justice without Fee or Be ward to himself or to his Clerk.

Cl. All Commissaries upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall make the Declaration described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declaration, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, and if made on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

CII. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CIII. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any

ourtr

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

11?

Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the

committed more than Three Years be

rant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CIV. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Duration of Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight the AcL hundred and fifty-one inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey *

Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

said Acts or Articles of War which

Ha

118

Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 Vict.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do swear. That I will duly administer Justice,

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law.

So help me GrOD.

Form of Oath of a Judge Advocate.

I do swear. That I will not, upon any account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any Particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode or at the Place at which he stated that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight, but not sooner than Twenty-four, Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday not being counted.

Date__________185 .

you enlisted with at

o'Clock* on the Day of for the

Regiment and if you do not come forward on or before o'Clock* on the

A.M. or P.M. as the Case may be.

for

185L

119

Mutiny. Cap. 6.

for the Purpose of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay yon have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Soldier without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

Signature of the Officer, or Non-commissioned Officer, commanding the Party.

Name of the Recruit Residing at

Questions to be put separately by the Justice to a Recruit

ON SNLI8TINQ.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you bom ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Term of [this Blank to

be filed up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Diffe* rence between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be)'}, provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day,

and by whom, were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist ?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia?

13. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

14.v Have

120

Cap. 6. Mutiny. 14 VICT.

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note. — The Justice is directed in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Enlisting for Service in Her Majesty1 s Colonies.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Colony of for the Term of [this Blank to

be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's

Service.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as Her Majesty shall think fit to order, for the Term of [this Blank to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be)], provided your Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting

Vtl

Enlisting for the East India Company's Service.

Question 8. to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Arc you willing to be attested to serve the East India Company for the Term of [this Blank to be

filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Agey then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may 6e)], provided the said Company should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, os shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry or Artillery, as the Case may be.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions

have been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and at

o'Clock.

Signature of Justice, __________

122

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

14 Vict.

If enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, the following Addition is to be made to the foregoing Oath:

And that if Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the East India Company, then I swear that I will also be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

If enlisting for the East India Companfs Service, the following is to be added to the Oath:

And that I also will be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

1 J One of Her Majesty's Justices

to wit. j of the Peace of do hereby certify.

That in my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to; that the Answers written opposite to

them are those which he gave to me; and that the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested

this Day; that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence, or within the Division or District or Place for which I act; that I am not an Officer of the Army; and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________Signature of Justice.

Declaration

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

123

Declaration to be made by a Soldier renewing his Service.

T Number do declare. That I am at

present (or was, as the Case may be) in Captain Company in the Regiment; that

I enlisted on the Day of for a

Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, [or in the Forces of the East India Company, as the Case may for,] for a further Term of Years \to

be filled up with Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Infantry or Twenty four in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am by

Trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years; and that the said did

on or about the Day of abscond and

quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged

about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

i

Fokm

14 VICT.

Cap. 6.

Mutiny.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

POne of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the abscond and quit the Service of the said his Consent, and that to the best of Belief the said Apprentice is aged about

Day of

without his Knowledge and Years.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's

Accounts.

J do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I

have not applied any Monies or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office; and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chap* ter 62, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, and for substituting Declarations in lieu thereof.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of or, Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may Ae].

No.

1851,

Mutiny.

125

Cap. 6.

No.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a

Deserter from the Regiment of

Age - !

Height ... - Feet Inches.

Complexion -

Hair -

Eyes ...

Marks .....

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where -

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

/ Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended -

Part iculars in the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

- Signature and Address

of Magistrate.

— i i Signature of Prisoner.

-- Signature of Informant.

t Insert* is " or " is not," a« the Case may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

Signature of Mi-

litary Medical Officer, or of || Private Medical Practitioner.

X Insert "fit" or "unfit," u the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

|| No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

126

Cap. 7.

Mills and Factories (Ireland).

14 VICT *

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for explaining and amending several Laws for the Encouragement of Agriculture, so far as relates to Leases for the Erection of Mills.

[11th April 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty S5 G. s. (I.) 4 King George the Third, intituled An Act to explain and amend

several Laws now in force for the Encouragement of Agricul- ture9 it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for every Archbishop and Bishop, and for every Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary, Prebendary, 4 Rector, Vicar, and Ecclesiastical Person whatsoever, with the Consent of the Archbishop or Bishop of their respective Diocese, signified under the Hand and Seal of such Archbishop and Bishop respectively, and for the Master and Governors and Fellows of Colleges and Hospitals, and for every Person or Persons whatsoever, being seised in possession in Law or Equity of an Estate in Fee Tail or for his Life, with immediate Remainder over to or in trust for his Issue, 4 to make One or more Lease or Leases for any Term or Number of Years, or for One, Two, or Three Lives, with Covenant of perpetual Renewal, of any Part or Parts of Land to them respectively belonging, not being any Part of the Demesne usually occupied with his or their Mansion House,

and not exceeding Three Acres Plantation Measure in any One such Lease, to any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of building Corn Mills, making Mill Ponds or Mill Dams, and that all Grants or Leases so made shall be good and effectual against the Successors of every such Archbishop, 4 Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary, 4 Prebendary, Rector, Vicar, and other Ecclesiastical Person respectively, and against the Successors of the Masters, 4 Governors and Fellows of Colleges and Hospitals respectively, subject to certain Provisoes, Restrictions, and Conditions in the said Act contained relating thereto; and it is by the said Act further enacted, that like Leases, with like Powers, 4 Restrictions, Reservations, and Covenants, may be made respectively and be valid for the Purpose of erecting Mills and making Mill Dams or Ponds for any Machinery of Manufacture to be turned or employed by Water: And whereas it is expedient to extend the like Provisions to Mills or Factories with Machinery to be turned or employed by Steam or otherwise than by Water Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That

127

Mills and Factories (Ireland). Cap. 7, 8.

1. That like Leases of Lands, with like Powers, Restrictions, Reservations, and Covenants, may be made respectively, by like Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Dignitaries, Ecclesiastical Persons, and other Bodies as aforesaid, and shall be valid for the Purpose of erecting Mills or Factories in Ireland for any Machinery of Manufacture to be turned or employed by Steam or otherwise than by Water, as under the Provisions of the said recited Act may be made and be valid for the Purpose of erecting Mills or making Mill Dams or Ponds for any Machinery of Manufacture to be turned or employed by Water.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Designs Act, J 850, and to give Protection from Piracy to Persons exhibiting new Inventions in the Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations in One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

[11th April 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Protection as herein after mentioned should be afforded to Persons desirous of exhibiting new Inventions in the Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations in One thousand eight hundred ' and fifty-one Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Any new Invention for winch Letters Patent might lawfully be granted may at any Time during the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, but not afterwards, be publicly exhibited in any Place previously certified by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations to be a Place of Exhibition within the Meaning of the Designs Act, 1850, without Prejudice to the Validity of any Letters Patent to be thereafter, during the Term of the provisional Registration herein-after mentioned, granted for such Invention to the true and first Inventor thereof: Provided always, that such Invention have previously to such public Exhibition thereof been provisionally registered in manner herein-after mentioned; and provided also, that the same be not otherwise publicly exhibited or used by or with the Consent of the Inventor prior to the granting of any such Letters Patent as aforesaid, except as herein-after mentioned: Provided also, that no Sale or Transfer, or Contract for Sale or Transfer, of the Right to or Benefit of any Invention so provisionally registered, or of the Rights acquired under this Act, or to be acquired under any Letters Patent to be granted for such Invention, shall be deemed a Use of such Invention; and the Publication of any Account

Like Leases of Lands may be made for erecting Mills with any Machinery to be turned-by Steam, &c. as under the recited Act may be made as to Mills to be turned by Water.

Proprietors of new Inventions to be allowed to exhibit them without Prejudice to Letters Patent to be thereafter granted.

Invention to be provisionally registered, and not to be used before granting of the Letters Patent.

Cap. 8. Designs Act Extension. 14 VICT.

or Description of such Invention in any Catalogue, Paper, Newspaper, Periodical, or otherwise shall not affect the Validity of any Letters Patent to be during such Term granted as aforesaid.

Public Trial of IL The public Trial or Exhibition of any such Invention as agricultural or aforesaid (being an Invention for Purposes of Agriculture or Implement *, Horticulture), which shall be certified by the Loras of the said under the Di- Committee to have taken place under the Direction of the rection of the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851 for Purposes con-not^udice necte^ with the Exhibition thereof, in such Place of public Letter* Patent Exhibition as aforesaid, whether such Trial or Exhibition take place before or after the passing of this Act, shall not prevent the provisional Registration of such Invention under this Act, nor prejudice or affect the Validity of any Letters Patent to be granted for such Invention during such Term as aforesaid. Certificate of III. Her Majesty's Attorney General, or such Person or Invention to be Persons as he may from Time to Time appoint to issue Certifi-vSonal Regis- cates under this Act, on being furnished with a Description in tration. Writing, signed by or on behalf of the Person claiming to be

the true and first Inventor within this Realm of any new Invention intended to be exhibited in such Place of public Exhibition as aforesaid, and on being satisfied that such Invention is proper to be so exhibited, and that the Description in Writing so furnished describes the Nature of the said Invention so intended to be exhibited, and in what Manner the same is to be performed, shall give a Certificate in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Attorney General or the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, for the provisional Registration of such Invention. Certificate of IV. The Registrar of Designs acting under the Designs Act, reentered 1850, upon receiving such Certificate, and being furnished with the Name and Place of Address of the Person by or on whose Behalf the Registration is desired, shall register such Certificate, Name, and Place of Address, and the Invention to which any Certificate so registered relates shall be deemed to be provisionally registered, and the Registration thereof shall continue in force for the Term of One Year from the Time of the same being so registered, and the Registrar shall certify, under his Hand and Seal, that such Invention has been provisionally registered, and the Date of such Registration, and the Name and Place of Address of the Person by or on whose Behalf the Registration was effected: Provided always, that if any Invention so provisionally registered be not actually exhibited in such Place of public Exhibition as aforesaid, or if the same Invention be in use by others at the Time of the said Registration, or if the Person by or on whose Behalf the said Registration has been effected be not the first and true Inventor thereof, such Registration shall be absolutely void.

V. The Description in Writing of any Invention so provisionally registered shall be preserved in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as the Attorney General shall direct, with the Words and any Invention so provisionally registered, and exhibited at

« such

IS

Description to be preserved, and Invention to be marked

129

Designs Act Extension. Cap. 8.

such Place of public Exhibition as aforesaid, shall have the Words " Provisionally registered " marked thereon or attached thereto, with the Date of the said Registration.

VI. Such provisional Registration as aforesaid shall during the Term thereof confer on the Inventor of such Invention, with respect thereto, all the Protection against Piracy and other Benefits which by the Designs Act, 1850, are conferred upon the Proprietors of Designs provisionally registered thereunder with respect to such Designs; and so long as such provisional Registration continued in force the Penalties and Provisions of the Designs Act, 1842, for preventing the Piracy of Designs, shall extend to the Acts, Matters, and Things next herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually as if those Penalties and Provisions had been re-enacted in this Act, and expressly extended to such Acts, Matters, and Things; that is to say, to the making, using, exercising, or vending the Invention so provisionally registered, to the practising the same or any Part thereof, to the counterfeiting, imitating, or resembling the same, to the making Additions thereto or Subtraction from the same, without the Consent in Writing of the Person by or on whose Behalf the said Invention was so provisionally registered.

VII. All Letters Patent to be during the Term of any such provisional Registration granted in respect of any Invention so provisionally registered shall, notwithstanding the Registration thereof, and notwithstanding the Exhibition thereof in such Place of public Exhibition or otherwise as aforesaid, be of the same Validity as if such Invention had not been so registered or exhibited; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, if he think fit, on the Grant of any Letters Patent to any Inventor in respect of any Invention provisionally registered under this Act, to cause such Letters Patent to be sealed as of the Day of such provisional Registration, and to bear Date the Day of such provisional Registration, the Act of the Eighteenth Year of King Henrg the Sixth or any other Act notwithstanding.

VIII. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Designs Act, 1850, and the Two Acts therein referred to, and called the Designs Act, 1842, and the Designs Act, 1843, the Protection intended to be by those Acts extended to the Proprietors of new and original Designs shall be extended to the Proprietors of all new and original Designs which shall be provisionally registered and exhibited in such Place of public Exhibition as aforesaid, notwithstanding that such Designs may have been previously published or applied elsewhere than in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; provided that such Design or any Article to which the same has been applied have not been publicly sold or exposed for Sale previously to such Exhibition thereof as aforesaid.

IX. All the Provisions of the Designs Act, 1850, and the Provisions incorporated therewith, relating or applicable to the

u Provisionally registered."

Provisional Registration to confer same Benefits as under the Designs Act, 1850.

Letters Patent thereafter granted to be as valid as if Inventions weie not registered or exhibited.

Proprietors of new Designs to be entitled to Benefits of Designs Acts, although Designs have been published elsewhere than in United Kingdom, if not publicly sold, &c.

The Designs Act, 18.hi, and Uiis Act, to be

130

construed as One Act

Short Tide.

Treasury may raise 17, 756, 600*. by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by

48 G. 3. c. 1.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Cap. 8, 9. Designs Act Extension. 14 VICT.

Designs to be provisionally registered thereunder, or to the Proprietors of such Designs, except the Provision for extending the Term of any such provisional Registration, shall, so far as the same are not repugnant to or inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, apply to the Inventions to be provisionally registered under this Act, and to the Inventors thereof; and the said Designs Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

X. This Act may be cited as The Protection of Inventions Act, 1851.

CAP. IX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

[20th May 1851.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in .Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury t)f the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills9 and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

II. That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer,

Exchequer Bills.

Cap. 9.

131

Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

V. That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Bate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum pet Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. That all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds; anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

{vjOOi

The Treasury to apply the Money raised.

Bills, how to be charged and paid.

Interest on Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Here-nue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

Bank of England may advance 17, 756, 6001 on the Credit of Bills, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W.4M. c. 20.

12

1 G. l.st. 2. c. 13.

13 C. 2. it. 2. c. 1.

25 C. 2. c. 2.

SO C. 2. st. 2.

8 G. 1. c. 6.

9 G. 2. c. 26.

18 G. 2. c. 20. 6 G. 3. c. 53.

9 G. 4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

Cap. 10.

Indemnity.

CAP. X.

14 VICT.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[20th May 1851.]

4 Vl/^ WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their f ' Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirteen; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two, Chapter One; or according to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, Chapter Two; or according to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two; or according to an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the First, Chapter Six; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty -six; or according to an Act of the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty; or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Third, 4 Chapter Fifty-three; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventeen; or according to an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit or Corporate Offices; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Acts or either of them, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said, Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities:' For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which

1851. Indemnity. Cap. 10. 133

such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths or made the Declarations required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by, any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Ma- Indemnity to

jesty's Government, and to the United Church of England

and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, to makTimd

or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented subscribe the from taking and subscribing the Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the qu^eTby*"

Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the the Irish Act,

further Growth of Popery :y 2 Anne»c *

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the stud recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Dis-

I £} abilities,

" ^.

Cap. 10.

Indemnity.

14 VICT.

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after the Time allowed.

abilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said last recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

IV. Provided also, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the

Peace, Town Clerks, and other public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corpora-

tions, and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or

Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped,

may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may (have been lost or mislaid

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double

the

1851. Indemnity. Cap. 10. 135

the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote die said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein con- Not to restorc tained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or Persons to mjy entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment,

Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by udgmen by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Tiling, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled'to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Infor- General Issue, mation shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

14

136

Cap. 11.

Apprentices and Servants.

14 Vict.

Persons refusing or neg-lecting to supply necessary Food to Apprentices or Servants, or unlawfully assaulting them, guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Costs of Prosecution.

A Register to be kept of young Persons hired or taken as Servants from any Workhouse.

Not to supersede Register

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Protection of Persons under the Care and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants; and to enable the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to institute and conduct Prosecutions in certain Cases.

[20th May 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the " better Protection of Persons who are under the Care (and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That where the Master or Mistress of any Person shall be legally liable to provide for such Person, as an Apprentice or as a Servant, necessary Food, Clothing, or Lodging, and shall wilfully and without lawful Excuse refuse or neglect to provide the same, or where the Master or Mistress of any such Person shall unlawfully and maliciously assault such Person, whereby the Life of such Person* shall be endangered, or the Health of such Person shall have been or shall be likely to be permanently injured, such Master or Mistress shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

II. That the Costs and Expenses of the Prosecution of any such Misdemeanor as aforesaid may be allowed and ordered by the Court before which the Indictment shall be tried, in like Manner as the Costs of the Prosecution in certain Cases of Misdemeanor under the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, or may be allowed and ordered by the Court of Queen's Bench, in case the Indictment shall have been removed into that Court, to be paid by the Treasurer of the County or other Officer who would have been liable to pay under the Order of the Court in which, but for such Removal, the Indictment would have been tried.

III. That the Guardians of every Union and of every separate Parish under the Management of a Board of Guardians, and the Overseers of every Parish not in Union or under the Management of a Board of Guardians, shall provide and keep, a Book or Books, and shall cause to be registered therein the Kame of every young Person under the Age of Sixteen who shall hereafter be hired or taken as a Servant from the Workhouse of such Union or Parish, together with the several other Particulars specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and every such Entry shall be signed by the presiding Chairman of such Board of Guardians at an Ordinary Meeting thereof, or by some One of such Overseers; provided that nothing herein con-

tamed

1851. Apprentices and Servants. Cap. 11.

tained shall be taken to supersede or affect the Obligation to keep such Register of poor Children apprenticed by Overseers or Guardians as is required by the Statute of the Forty-second Year of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-six, and the Statute of the Eighth Year of Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and one.

IV. That where any young Person under the Age of Sixteen shall have been or shall be hired or taken as a Servant from the Workhouse of any Union or Parish, or shall have been or shall be bound out as an Apprentice by the Guardians of any Union, or the Guardians or Overseers of any Parish, it shall be lawful for such Guardians or Overseers respectively, and they are hereby required, so long as such young Person shall be under the Age of Sixteen, and shall be known to them to reside as Servant or Apprentice in the same Service into which such young Person shall have so gone as a Servant from such Work-house or as such Apprentice within such Union or Parish respectively, or within Five Miles of any Part of such Union or Parish, to cause the Relieving Officer, or, where there is no Relieving Officer, then some other Officer duly authorized for the Purpose, to visit such young Person at least twice in every Year, and to report to them in Writing whether he has found Reason to believe that such yo^ng Person is not supplied with necessary Food, or is subjected to cruel or illegal Treatment in any respect.

V. That where any young Person under the Age of Sixteen shall hereafter be hired or taken as a Servant from the Work-house of any Union or Parish, or shall be bound out as an Apprentice by the Guardians of any Union, or by the Guardians or Overseers of any Parish, and the Residence of the Master or Mistress shall be more than Five Miles from any Part of such Union or Parish, then a written Notice of such hiring, taking, or binding, specifying the Name and Age of the Apprentice or Servant, and the Name, Description, and Residence of such Master or Mistress, shall be forthwith sent from such Guardians or Overseers to the Guardians or Overseers of the Union or Parish in which such Master or Mistress shall reside; and thereupon it shall become the Duty of such last-mentioned Guardians or Overseers to cause the Particulars contained in such Notice to be registered in some Book or Books, to be provided by them for the Purpose, together with the Name of the Union or Parish from which such Notice shall have been received; and such last-mentioned Guardians or Overseers shall cause such young Person to be visited as frequently and in the same Manner in all respects as if such young Person had been hired or taken from their own Workhouse, or had been bound out as an Apprentice by themselves.

VI. That where any Complaint shall be made of an Offence against this Act, or of any bodily Injury inflicted upon any poor Person under the Age of Sixteen Years, for which the Party committing it is liable to be indicted, and the Circumstances

1C

137

u required by 42 G. S. c. 46. and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101.

Young Persons hired from Workhouses or bound out as Pauper Appentices to be visited periodically by Officer of Guardians or Overseers.

As to young Persons hired or bound to Masters residing at a Distance from Unions or Parishes.

Guardians and Overseers authorized and required to prosecute in certain Cases,

Costs of Prosecution.

Justice empowered to bind over Officer of Guardians or an Overseer to prosecute.

Interpretation of Terms.

Extent of Act.

stances of which Offence amount in point of Law to a Felony or an Attempt to commit a Felony, or an Assault with Intent to commit a Felony, and Two Justices of the Peace before whom the Examination is taken shall certify under their Hands that they deem it necessary for the Purposes of public Justice that the Prosecution should be conducted by the Guardians of the Union or of the Parish, or where there are no Guardians by the Overseers of the Parish, in which the Offence shall have been committed, such Guardians or Overseers, as the Case may be, shall, upon personal Service of such Certificate or a Duplicate thereof upon the Clerk of such Guardians, or upon any One of such Overseers, conduct the Prosecution, and shall pay the Costs reasonably and properly incurred by them therein (so far as the same shall not be allowed to them under any Order of the Court trying the Indictment, or of the Court of Queen's Bench), out of the Common Fund of the Union, or out of the Funds in the Hands of the Guardians or Overseers (as the Case may be) of such Parish.

VII. That in the Case of a Union or Parish under a Board of Guardians the Clerk or some other Officer of such Union or Parish, and in the Case of a Parish not under a Board of Guardians One of the Overseers thereof, may, if such Two Justices of the Peace before whom the Examination is taken shall deem it necessary for the Purposes of public Justice and shall certify as herein-before mentioned, be bound over to prosecute.

VIII. That the Words " Guardians," " Union," " Overseers," " Justice of the Peace," " Officer," " Poor," " Parish," and " Workhouse," used in this Act, shall be construed in like Manner as in the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Bang William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six.

IX. That this Act shall extend only to England and Wales.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Register.

Name of Child. Age. Date of hiring or taking as Servant. Name of Master or Mistress. Trade or other Description of Master or Mistress. Residence of Master or Mistress.

Property Tax.

Cap. 12.

139

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same.

[5th June 1851.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth ' Years of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for (granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Pro- petty, Professions, Trades, and Offices until the Sixth Day of ' April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, certain

Rates and Duties arising from Property, Professions, Trades

and Offices were granted to Your Majesty for a Term therein i limited and now expired; and by Two several Acts passed

respectively in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of Your Majesty's Reign the same Rates and Duties were continued for 1 Two several and successive Terms, the latter of such Terms

expiring with the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one:' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to continue the said Rates and Duties, and to grant the same to Your Majesty for the Period herein-after limited; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. The several Rates and Duties by the said first-recited Act granted shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall he charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, for the Term of One Year thence next ensuing, and until the Assessments made or which ought to be made for the last Year of the said Term, or for any preceding Year, shall be completed, collected, levied, and paid.

II. The said first-recited Act, and all and every other Act and Acts in force upon or immediately before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, in relation to the Duties granted by the said first-recited Act, shall severally be continued and remain in full Force and Effect in relation to the Duties hereby continued and granted as aforesaid; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts or any of them, and in force as aforesaid, shall (so far as the same shall be consistent with and shall not be superseded by the express Provisions of this Act)

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 4. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 8.

Rates and Duties granted by first-recited Act further continued for One Year.

First-recited Act and the several other Acts continued in force.

Abatement to be made from Assessments on Tenant Farmers where Profits fall short of such Assessments.

On every Sale of Arsenic, Particulars of Sale to be entered in a Book by the Seller in

Cap. 12, 13. Property Tax. 14 VICT.

severally and respectively be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution in relation to the said Duties hereby continued and granted, as well during the Term herein limited as after the Expiration thereof respectively, for assessing, levying, recovering, paying, deducting, and accounting for the said Duties and all Arrears thereof, and for re-assessing the same in default of Payment, and for the suing for, adjudging, and recovering any Penalty which shall have been or may be incurred in relation to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to the said Duties hereby continued and granted as aforesaid.

III. That if at the End of the Year of Assessment of the said Duties under this Act any Person occupying Lands for the Purposes of Husbandry only, and obtaining his Livelihood principally from Husbandry, who shall have been assessed in the said Year to the Duties chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said first-recited Act in respect of such Lands, shall find, and shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners by whom the Assessment was made, that his Profits and Gains arising from the Occupation of such Lands during the said Year fell short of the Sum on which the Assessment was made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Appeal made to them in that Behalf within Three Calendar Months after the Expiration of the said Year, and of which Notice in Writing shall be given to the Surveyor of Taxes for the District, to cause an Abatement to be made from the Amount of the said Duties charged on such Appellant proportionate to the Deficiency of his said Profits and Gains; and in case the whole Sum assessed shall have been paid, the Amount of the Sum overpaid shall be certified and repaid in like Manner as is provided by Section 133. of the said first-recited Act in the Case of any Over-payment of the Duties assessed under Schedule (D.) of the same Act.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to regulate the Sale of Arsenic.

[5th June 1851.]

WHEREAS the unrestricted Sale of Arsenic facilitates ' the Commission of Crime Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Person who shall sell any Arsenic shall forthwith, and before the Delivery of such Arsenic to the Purchaser, enter or cause to be entered in a fair and regular Manner, in a Book or Books to be kept by such Person for that Purpose, in the

Form

1851* Sale of Arsenic Regulation. Cap. 13. 141

Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, or to the like Form »et forth Effect, a Statement of such Sale, with the Quantity of Arsenic in Schedule to so sold, and the Purpose for which such Arsenic is required or thl* Awt* stated to be required, and the Day of the Month and Year of the Sale, and the Name, Place of Abode, and Condition or Occupation of the Purchaser, into all which Circumstances the Person selling such Arsenic is hereby required and authorized to inquire of the Purchaser before the Delivery to such Purchaser of the Arsenic sold, and such Entries shall in every Case be signed by the Person making the same, and shall also be signed by the Purchaser, unless such Purchaser profess to be unable to write (in which Case the Person making the Entries hereby required shall add to the Particulars to be entered in relation to such Sale the Words " cannot write"), and, where a Witness is hereby required to the Sale, shall also be signed by such Witness, together with his Place of Abode.

II. No Person shall sell Arsenic to any Person who is un- Restrictions as known to the Person selling such Arsenic, unless the Sale be

made in the Presence of a Witness who is known to the Person Ar*en, c# selling the Arsenic, and to whom the Purchaser is known, and who signs his Name, together with his Place of Abode, to such Entries, before the Delivery of the Arsenic to the Purchaser, and no Person shall sell Arsenic to any Person other than a Person of full Age.

III. No Person shall sell any Arsenic unless the same be Provision for before the Sale thereof mixed with Soot or Indigo in the Pro- colouring portion of One Ounce of Soot or Half an Ounce of Indigo at Ar*emc* the least to One Pound of the Arsenic, and so in proportion

for any greater or less Quantity: Provided always, that where each Arsenic is stated by the Purchaser to be required, not for Use in Agriculture, but for some other Purpose for which such Admixture would, according to the Representation of the Purchaser, render it unfit, such Arsenic may be sold without such Admixture in a Quantity of not less than Ten Pounds at any One Time.

IV. If any Person shall sell any Arsenic, save as authorized Penalty for by this Act, or on any Sale of Arsenic shall deliver the same aMinlt'this Act. without having made and signed the Entries hereby required on such Sale, or without having obtained such Signature or Signatures to such Entries as required by this Act, or if any Person purchasing any Arsenic shall give false Information to the Person selling the same in relation to the Particulars which such last-mentioned Person is hereby authorized to inquire into of such Purchaser, or if any Person shall sign his Name as aforesaid as a Witness to a Sale of Arsenic to a Person unknown to the Person so signing as Witness, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, upon a summary Conviction for the same before Two Justices of the Peace in England or Ireland, or before Two Justices of the Peace or the Sheriff in Scotland, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Y. Pro-

Act not to pre-rent Sale of Arsenic in Medicine under a Medical Prescription.

" Arsenic " to include Arse-nious Compounds.

2 & 3 W.4. c. 45.

V. Provided, That this Act shall not extend to the Sale of Arsenic when the same forms Part of the Ingredients of any Medicine required to be made up or compounded according to the Prescription of a legally qualified Medical Practitioner, or a Member of the Medical Profession, or to the Sale of Arsenic by Wholesale to Retail Dealers, upon Orders in Writing in the ordinary Course of Wholesale Dealing.

VI. In the Construction of this Act the Word u Arsenic " shall include Arsenious Acid and the Arsenites, Arsenic Acid and the Arseniates, and all other colourless poisonous Preparations of Arsenic.

The SCHEDULE.

Day of Sale. Name and Surname of Purchaser. Purchaser's Place of Abode. Condition or Occupation. Quantity of Arsenic sold. Purpose for which required.

1 September i8st. John Thomas. Rendon Elm Farm. Farm Labourer. 5 lbs. To steep Wheat

(Purchasers Signature.) Witness, (Sellers Signature.)

John Thomas. James Stone. George Wood.

Or, if Purchaser cannot write, Grove Farm, Hendon.

Seller to put here the Words,

"cannot write."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of certain Persons commonly known as " Compound Householders," and to facilitate the Exercise by such Persons of their Right to vote in the Election of Borough Members to serve in Parliament.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People of England and Wales, it is enacted, that no Person shall be registered to vote for Members to serve in Parliament in any Year in respect of the Occupation of Premises in any City or Borough unless such Person shall have been rated in respect of such Premises to all Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish or Township where the same are situated made during the Time of such his Occupation, nor unless such Person shall have paid on or before the Twentieth of July in such Year all the Poor's Rates and Assessed Taxes which shall become payable from him in respect of such Premises

previously

1851. Compound Householders. Cap. 14. 143

6 previously to the Sixth Day of April then next preceding:

And whereas the said Act was amended, in so far as relates

to the Period when such Rates and Taxes shall be required ' to be paid, by an Act passed in the Session held in the 9 Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, inti-

6 tuled An Act to regulate the Times of Payment of Rates and 11 & 12 Vict. i Taxes by Parliamentary Electors: And whereas by the said 90 *

firstly-recited Act it is further enacted, that it shall be lawful (for any Person occupying Premises in any City or Borough ' which shall return a Member or Members to serve in any

future Parliament to claim to be rated to the Relief of the 9 Poor in respect of such Premises, whether the Landlord shall

or shall not be liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor in ' respect thereof, and upon such Occupier so claiming, and 9 actually paying or tendering the full Amount of the Rate or ' Rates, if any, then due in respect of such Premises, the Over-

seers of the Parish or Township in which such Premises are 9 situated are thereby required to put the Name of such Occu-9 pier upon the Rate for the Time being, and in case such 9 Overseer shall neglect or refuse so to do such Occupier shall 9 nevertheless for the Purposes of the said Act be deemed to 9 have been rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of such 9 Premises from the Period at which the Rate shall have been 9 made in respect of which he shall have so claimed to be rated ' as aforesaid: And whereas it is often inconvenient or imprac-9 ticable for such Persons to make continual Claim in respect 9 of each Rate, and many Persons are consequently deprived of the Franchise: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Persons having from and after the passing of this Act no Person so claiming to

be rated, and paying or tendering on or before the Twentieth 0fPre-

Day of July in each Year the full Amount of the Rate or Rates mises, and pay-(if any) due in respect of such Premises on the Fifth Day of }D8ot January preceding, shall be required to make any further July,

Claim in regard to any future Rate upon the Premises in the Rates due respect whereof his Right to vote in any such Election os afore- JaD* P"5" said shall arise, but shall be entitled to be put on the List and to be registered as a Voter, provided he shall have occupied the such Claim. Premises in the Manner and for the Time required by the said firstly-recited Act, and provided the Poor's Rates and Assessed Taxes chargeable upon the same shall have been paid for the Period and up to the Time required by Law in respect of all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members of Parliament for any Borough under the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person The Liability so claiming as aforesaid who shall be registered as a Voter in respect of the Premises to which his Claim relates shall, in tinue»long"' respect of every Rate for the Relief of the Poor made and as he occupies

and remains on the Register.

Compositions with Landlord to determine Amount of Hate to which Tenant is liable *

13 & 14 Vict. c. 89.

Regulations and General Orders made by the Lord Chancellor, but which have not been consented to by the Master of the Rolls, to be of the same Force as if they had received such Consent.

7 St 8 Vict. c. 91 *

Cap. 14, 15, 16. Compound Householders. 14 & 15 Vict.

published after such Claim as aforesaid, while he continues to occupy the same Premises and to be a registered Voter in respect thereof, be liable to the same Extent and in the same Manner as in respect of the Bate published next before the making of such Claim.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Cases where by any Composition with the Landlord a less Sum shall be payable than the full Amount of Rate which, except for such Composition, would be due in respect of the same Premises, the Occupier claiming to be rated shall not be bound to pay or tender more than the Amount then payable under such Composition.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend the Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS by the Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850, certain Enactments are contained for the making of Regulations and General Orders by the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, but it is doubtful whether by the said Act the Consent and Signature of the Master of the Rolls are necessary ' to the Validity of any such Regulations or Orders, and it is

expedient to remove such Doubt Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That all Regulations and General Orders to be made by the Lord Chancellor under and for the Purposes of the said Act, or under any other Act of Parliament enabling him to make Orders, by and with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, and which shall have been previously laid before the Master of the Rolls for his Concurrence, but which shall not be consented to or signed by him, shall be of the same Force and Effect as General Regulations and Orders of the said Court as if the same had been consented to and signed by the Master of the Rolls, but subject in every such Case to all such Directions as are in the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty contained for having such Regulations and Orders laid before both Houses of Parliament, and for the Resolution of either House of Parliament thereon.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS under an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Turnpike Trusts in South Wales, a Board is constituted

1851.

145

Highways (South Wales). Cap. 1C.

in each of the Counties of South Wales for the Superintendence, Control, and Management of the Turnpike Roads in such Counties, and styled the County Roads Board: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the more effective Control and Management of the Highways in South Wales which are not under the Superintendence of the said Boards Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That County Roads the County Roads Board of each County in South Wales shall, ^nuT* at their First General Annual Meeting after the passing of this Districts for Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, proceed, with such Advice separate Ma-and Assistance as they may deem necessary, to divide the County

into so many Districts, for the separate Management of the rituatedtherein. several Highways situated therein respectively, as shall in their Judgment be most convenient; and in order to enable the said Board the better to determine respecting the Boundaries and Arrangements of such Districts, the said Board is hereby authorized to require, and all Surveyors of Highways in every County respectively are hereby directed to afford and furnish to the County Roads Board thereof, all such Information and Evidence, and to transmit to them all such Books, Accounts,

Returns, Documents, and other Papers in their Possession or Power, as the Chairman of such Board, by any Order under his Hand, and addressed to any of such Parties respectively, may require; and the said County Roads Board shall make an Order for the Formation of such Districts, and shall cause such Order, together with a Description or Statfment of the Boundaries of such Districts, or of the Parishes comprised therein respectively, to be published by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers circulating in their County One Month at least before the Twenty-fifth of March next: Provided always, that any-one Parish now maintaining its own Highways may constitute any One of such Districts: Provided also, that it Power to shall be lawful for the said County Roads Board from Time County Roads to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to alter the Limits of any Limits of such District, and thereafter to make such Orders, according to tricts from Time the Powers vested in them by this Act, as may be found ne- to Time* cessary in consequence of such Alterations; and every Order by which such Alteration is made shall, within One Month after such Order is made, be published in like Manner as the Order for the Formation of the District.

H. That the Maintenance and Repairs of the several High- Power to place ways situate and being within the several Districts which shall Highways be formed according to the Provisions herein-before contained oVloca?* dull, subject to the Authority of the said County Roads Board, Boards, to be placed under the Care and Management of local Boards, be st>', ed H»gb-to be styled Highway Boards, which shall be constituted in way Boar manner following; that is to say, all Persons who are now elected or who shall hereafter be elected Guardians of the Poor [No. 10. — Price 2c/.] K for

First Meeting of Highway Board.

Quorum.

Appointment of Chairman and Vice Chairman.

Powers and Duties of Highway Board.

Cap. 16.

Highways (South Wales). 14 & 15 VICT.

for the Parish or Parishes contained in such District daring the Period they are such Guardians, and all Her Majesty's Justices residing within or acting at any Petty Sessions within the District, shall constitute the Highway Board for such District; and such Justices shall not by reason of being Members of such Highway Board be incapable of acting as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, or in any Matters relating to the Highways under the Care or Management of such Board.

III. That the First Meeting of every Highway Board under this Act shall be held on such Day and at such Place as the County Roads Board for the County shall appoint; and Meetings of the said Highway Board shall after such First Meeting be held at such Periods as such Highway Board shall at their First Meeting and afterwards from Time to Time fix and appoint; and all Acts, Matters, and Things executed or done by the Highway Board in pursuance of this Act at any such Meeting, the whole Number present at the Time being not less than Three, shall be valid and effectual; and the Highway Board shall at their First Meeting in the first place elect and appoint Two fit and proper Persons, being Members of such Board, to be the Chairman and Vice Chairman respectively of such Board; and the said Chairman, or in case of his Absence at the Commmencement of any Meeting the said Vice Chairman, shall preside at all Meetings of such Board, and shall have a Casting Vote in addition to his own Vote; and in case at the Commencement of any Meeting such Chairman and Vice Chairman shall both be absent, then such other Member as shall be chosen by the major Part of the Members present for the Time being shall preside as Chairman of such Meeting, with the like Casting Vote; and whenever any Chairman or Vice Chairman shall die or resign, or shall refuse or become incapable to act, such Board shall, at their regular Meeting to be held next after such Death, Resignation, Refusal, or Incapacity, elect and appoint some other Member of the Board in his Stead.

IV. That the Highway Board for each District respectively shall, subject to the Provisions, Restrictions, and Exceptions in this Act contained, and to the Authorities and Powers of the County Roads Board, superintend the Expenditure of all Monies that shall be raised and collected for the Purposes of such Highways, or for the other Purposes of this Act, as herein-after provided; and the Acts, Orders, Regulations, and Proceedings of every such Highway Board as to all the Matters and Things aforesaid shall be valid, binding, and effectual; and such Board shall cause Accounts to be kept of the Expenditure and Application of all Monies and Materials for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Highway Board for each District respectively shall once in every Quarter examine, check, and verify all the Charges and Items of Expenditure, and when they shall have so audited the several Accounts submitted to them the presiding Chairman shall write a Certificate of such Audit at the Foot of every such Account; and every such Board shall have foil Power to

disallow

1851.

147

Highways (South Wales). Cap. 16.

disallow any illegal or excessive Item or Charge in such Account, and the presiding Chairman shall report every such Disallowance to the County Roads Board; and the Clerk of the Highway Board, being duly authorized to do so by any Order of the County Roads Board, certified to him by the Clerk of the aforesaid Board, shall recover every Sum so disallowed from the accounting Party, by Application to Two Justices, who shall be authorized to enforce the Payment of the same in like Manner as Penalties under the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Wxttiam the Fourth, Chapter 50.

V. That the Highway Board for each of the said Districts respectively shall and they are hereby required to hold One General Annual Meeting for receiving and examining the Accounts relating to the several Highways within their District on some Day to be appointed by the County Roads Board of each County in which the aforesaid Districts are respectively situated, and to transmit a Copy of the Accounts, so examined, and signed by the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the said Board, to the Clerk of the County Roads Board, together with any Report or Observations which they may think fit to make.

VI. That every County Roads Board acting in and for each of the said Counties respectively shall, at their Meeting to be held next after the Division of such County into Districts for the Management of the Highways shall have been determined and declared, by Writing, upon which no Stamp or other Duty shall be payable, appoint One Surveyor for each District declared as aforesaid, to overlook the Management and Repairs of the several Highway Districts in their County, and shall also determine the Salaries to be paid to such Surveyors respectively; and the Board may from Time to Time remove the said Surveyors, and, so often as the said Offices or any of them shall become vacant, shall appoint other fit and proper Persons for the same; and the Salaries of all such Surveyors shall be paid out of the Highway Rate, and shall be, by an Order made by the County Roads Board, apportioned amongst and charged upon the Parishes within each respective District, in the same Manner and in the same Proportions as the County Rate is now chargeable.

VII. That it shall be the Duty of the Surveyor of every District, subject to the Direction and Control of the Highway Board, to provide for the keeping of the said Highways in a good and sound State of Repair, and to cause all Works necessary for that Purpose to be executed in a competent and efficient Maimer, and to receive, and hold to the Account of such Board, all Monies paid to him by the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, and to pay and disburse such Monies from Time to Time according to the Directions which shall be prescribed by the Highway Board, and to keep a true and exact Account of all Receipts and Disbursements received or made in respect to the Highways within his District, to be produced before the said Board at the regular Meetings thereof,

K 2 or

Highway Board of each District to hold an Annual General Meeting for examining Accounts, Sec.

Power to County Roads Board to appoint District Surveyors.

Duties of the District Surveyor.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 50.

District Surveyors to contract for Materials, &c.

Cap. 16.

Highways {South Wales). 14 & 15 VICT-

or at such other Times as the said Board may direct, and to transmit Copies of all Entries in such Account to the Clerk of the said Highway Board at such periodical or other Times as the said Board shall direct, and to attend the Meetings of such Board, and to prepare from Time to Time such Estimates, Surveys, Reports, and Accounts as may be required by this Act or by any Order of such Board or of the said County Roads Board; and every such District Surveyor when so appointed shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, except the making, assessing, and levying the Rate, have, as fax as the same are applicable, the same Powers, and be liable to the same Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Surveyor appointed under the Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, "to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England and shall have the laying out of all Monies levied and received by the Surveyors of the several Parishes within his District, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered in manner provided by such Act in relation to Penalties and Forfeitures thereby authorized to be imposed: Provided nevertheless, that such District Surveyor shall not expend any Monies levied in any One of the Parishes within his District, except for the Use and Benefit of the Parish in which it is so levied, unless with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parish in Vestry assembled, for the Purpose of carrying on Repairs or beneficial Improvements for the common Benefit of the Parishes aforesaid, and shall keep separate and distinct Accounts for each Parish within his District, and such Accounts shall specify the different Sums, and the Persons to whom and by whom the same shall have been paid.

VIII. That every District Surveyor may and is hereby authorized to contract for the purchasing, getting, and carrying the Materials required for the Repair of the Highways within his District; and no Member of any County Roads Board or Highway Board, and no Parochial or District Surveyor, shall, except as herein-after excepted, on his own Account, directly or indirectly, be interested or concerned in any Contract or Bargain for Work or Materials, Tools or other Things, for making or repairing or in any way relating to the Highways for which they respectively act; and if any such Member of any County Roads Board or Highway Board, or any Parochial or District Surveyor, be so interested or concerned in any Contract or Bargain as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person may sue for the same by Action of Debt on the Case in any of the Superior Courts, and shall on Recovery thereof be entitled to full Costs of Suit, and shall, from and after the Conviction of any such Offence, be incapable of acting as a Member of any County Roads Board or Highway Board, or as a Surveyor of the Highways of any Parish, or of any District created by this Act; and every such Contract and Bargain

shall

1851.

Highways (South Wales).

Cap. 16.

149

shall be void: Provided always, that no Act done by any such Member of any County Roads Board, Highway Board, or Surveyor, previously to his being convicted of any such Offence, shall be thereby rendered invalid: Provided also, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall be construed to extend to any Purchase Money, Damages, Rent, Recompence, or Satisfaction agreed upon or awarded to such Member of any County Roads Board or Highways Board, or to any such Surveyor, for Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased or taken for the Purpose of diverting or altering or for the Use of any Highway, or for a Repository for Materials to be used thereon, or for the Damage done to any inclosed or private Grounds of any such Member of any County Board or of any Highways Board, or Surveyor, in taking Materials therefrom, or in carrying or conveying them over the same, nor to prevent any such Member of any Roads Board or Surveyor from selling or disposing of, for the Use of any Highway, any Materials dug or gotten in or from or any Timber grown or growing on the Land of such Member of any Roads Board or Surveyor, nor shall any such Member of any Roads Board or Surveyor be liable to or incur any such Forfeiture or Incapacity as aforesaid by reason only of his being Proprietor or Holder of any Share in any Canal or Railway Company which shall contract with the District Surveyor for the Carriage or Conveyance of any Materials for the Repair of the Highway.

IX. That nothing contained in this Act shall be construed Existing Sur-

to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Sixth *eyorsof High-Year of King William the Fourth with regard to the Appoint- con"

ment of a Surveyor of Highways in each Parish as heretofore,

and such Surveyor shall make, assess, and levy the Rate for the Repair of the Highways as heretofore, and shall, from Time to Time as the Highway Board shall direct, pay over all Monies arising therefrom to the District Surveyor of the District in which such Parish is situate, and all Money so payable to the District Surveyor may be recovered from the Parochial Surveyor in like Manner as Balances due from a Surveyor are recoverable under the said Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth.

X. That every Highway Board shall at their First Meeting, Power to High-

by Writing, upon which nevertheless no Stamp or other Duty wa7 .Boarp1to, shall be payable, appoint a fit and competent Person to be Clerk Con- '

to such Board, and shall also, with the Consent of the County sent of County Roads Board, determine the Amount of Salary to be paid to Board» such Clerk, and the Portion to be paid by each Parish within fix ary* the District of such Highway Board of such Salary; and such

Salary shall be paid by an Order of the Highway Board upon the District Surveyor out of the Highway Rate; and the said Board may at any Time, with the Consent of the County Roads Board, but not otherwise, dismiss any Person so appointed; and so often as the said Office shall become vacant by ouch Dismissal, or by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, the

K3

Gooal

150

Duties of Clerk.

District Surveyor to give Security.

Highway Board to cause Orders, &c. to be entered in Books, which shall be Evidence, and be open to Inspection.

Penalty for refusing to allow Inspection, &c.

Secretary of State to cause Forms of Accounts to be prepared.

Regulations as to the Adoption of new Roads to be maintained as public Roads under this Act.

Cap. 16. Highways (South Wales). 14 & 15 VICT.

said Highway Board shall at their next regular Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, appoint some other fit and proper Person to the same.

XI. That the Clerk to such Board shall attend all Meetings thereof, and shall conduct all Correspondence of such Board, and shall keep all Papers and Documents committed to his Care, and shall give such Notices and perform such other Duties as he may be required to perform by the Orders of such Board.

XII. That every County Hoads Board shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every District Surveyor to be appointed by them under the Powers of this Act for the due and faithful Execution of his Office before such Surveyor shall enter upon his Office.

XIII. That every Highway Board shall cause Notes, Minutes, or Copies, as the Case may require, of all the Orders and Proceedings of such Board at the several Meetings thereof to be duly entered in Books to be from Time to Time provided for that Purpose; and such Books shall be Evidence, in all Proceedings in Law or in Equity, of the Orders and Proceedings therein entered, without further Proof; and such Books, and also the Copies of the District Surveyors Accounts which shall be transmitted to the said Clerk, shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all Members of such Boards, and of every Person rated or liable to be rated to the Highway Rate in any Parish of the District, without Fee for such Inspection; and all such Members and Persons respectively shall be entitled at seasonable Times to take Copies or Extracts from the said Books, without paying any Fee for the same; and if, on Request made for that Purpose, the Clerk of any Highway Board shall not permit any of such Members or Persons respectively to inspect any such Books or Copies of Accounts, or to take Copies or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid, such Clerk shall for every such Offence, upon a summary Conviction for the same before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. That One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may cause to be prepared such Forms of Accounts and Estimates, and of such Statement or Abstract as herein-after mentioned, as he may deem proper, for the Use of the several Highway Boards and District Surveyors and Clerks; and an annual Statement or Abstract of the Accounts of every such Highway Board and of their Surveyor shall be framed by the Clerk to such Board, and transmitted to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

XV. And with respect to the Adoption of new Roads to be maintained as public Roads under this Act, be it enacted, That no Road or Occupation Way made or hereafter to be made by or at the Expense of any Individual or private Person, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be deemed or taken to be a public Road, to be repaired and maintained according to the Provi

aions

1851.

151

Highways (South Wales). Cap. 16.

sions of this Act, unless the Person, Body Politic or Corporate, proposing to dedicate such Road to the Use of the Public, shall

SVe Three Calendar Months previous Notice in Writing to the istrict Surveyor of the District of his Intention to dedicate such Road to the Use of the Public, describing its Situation and Extent; and the said District Surveyor, upon receiving such Notice, shall view the same, and shall report to the Highways Board of the District whether such Road is well and properly laid out and made, and whether the same is of sufficient public Utility to justify its being kept in repair and maintained as one of the Highways of such District; and if the said Board shall be satisfied, upon such Report or otherwise, that the said Road ought to be so kept in repair and maintained, they shall certify in Writing accordingly; and such Certificate, signed by the Chairman of the Highway Board for the Time being, shall be transmitted by him to the County Roads Board of such County; and thereupon, after the said Road shall have been used by the Public, and duly repaired and kept in repair by the said Person, Body Politic or Corporate, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, the same shall thenceforth become One of the Highways of such County, and shall thereafter be repaired and maintained according to the Provisions of this Act

XVI. That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Highway is out of repair, or is not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, and Information thereof on the Oath of One credible Witness is given to any Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons requiring the Surveyor of the District in which such Highway is situated, or other Person or Body Politic or Corporate chargeable with such Repairs, to appear before the Justices at some Special Sessions for the Highways in the said Summons mentioned to be held within the Division in which the said Highway may be situate, and the said Justices shall either appoint some competent Person to view the same, and report thereon to the Justices in Special Sessions assembled on a certain Day and Place then and there to be fixed, at whidh the said District Surveyor or other Party as aforesaid shall be directed to attend, or the said Justices shall fix a Day whereon they or any Two of them shall attend to view the said Highway; and if to the Justices at such Special Sessions, on the Day and at the Place so fixed as aforesaid, it shall appear, either on the Report of the Person so appointed by them to view, or on the View of the said Justices, that the said Highway is not in a State of thorough and effectual Repair, they the said Justices at such last-mentioned Special Sessions shall make an Order or Orders on the Parochial Surveyor or Surveyors within whose Parish or Parishes the aforesaid Highway is situate, or other Person or Bodies Politic or Corporate liable to the Repair of such Highways, by which Order they shall limit and appoint a Time for the repairing of the same, and shall make an Order requiring the Parochial Sur-

K 4 vcyor

Proceedings in case Highways are not kept in repair.

Money for repairing Highways recoverable under 5&6 W. 4. C. 50.

Provisions of 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 50. to remain in force, except as otherwise provided.

In construing this Act South Wales to include Six Counties. Interpretation of Terms in his Act.

Cap. 16. Highways (South Wales). 14 & 15 VICT.

veyor or Surveyors aforesaid, or other Party or Body Politic or Corporate liable to the Repair of the said Highway, to pay to the District Surveyor, at such Time as they shall direct, a Sum of Money to be therein stated, which shall be equal in Amount to the Sum which the said Justices shall on the Evidence produced before them judge requisite for the repairing such Highway; and in default of such Money being paid within the Time so limited the paid Parochial Surveyor or Surveyors shall forfeit and pay to the District Surveyor a Sum of Money, to be stated in a Second Order, which shall be equal in Amount to the Amount stated in the First Order as requisite for repairing such Highway, which Money shall be recoverable in the same Manner as any Forfeiture is recoverable under the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Highways in England, and such Money, when recovered, shall be applied to the Repair of such Highway; and in case more Parties than One are bound to repair any such Highway, the said Justices shall direct in their Order what Proportion shall be paid by each of the said Parties: Provided nevertheless, that the said Justices shall not have Power to make such Orders as aforesaid in any Case where the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highway comes in question.

XVII. That, except as herein otherwise provided, all the Provisions of the said Act of the Sixth Year of Bang William the Fourth shall remain in force, and be applicable to the Highways to be managed under this Act, and the said Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

XVIII. That in the Construction of this Act South Wales shall include and comprise the Six Counties following, and no others; viz., the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecknock, Radnor, Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan.

XIX. That in construing this Act the Words and Expressions following shall have the several Meanings herein assigned to them, unless such Meaning shall be inconsistent with the Context; that is to say, Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number; the Word " Person" shall include Corporation, whether sole or aggregate Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include the Feminine; the Word "Lands" shall include all Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments; the Word "Parish" shall include any Township, Tithing, Vill, or other Place or District maintaining its own Highway; the Word " Highways" shall mean all public or common Roads, Bridges (not being County Bridges), Carriageways, Cartways, Horseways, Bridleways, Footways, Causeways, Churchways, and Pavements; the Word " Justices" shall mean Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place in which the Highway may be situate (or in which the Offence may be committed); the Words " Quarter Sessions" shall include

C^r\r\a\o General

153

1851. Highways (South Wales). Cap. 16.

General or Quarter Sessions or any Adjournment thereof; the Words "Petty Sessions" shall mean the Petty Sessions held for the Division dr Place in which the Highway may be situate, or in which the Offence may be committed; the Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month; and where any Number of Days is specified, the same shall be reckoned exclusively of the Days to and from which Computation is directed to be made.

CAP. XVII.

An Act farther to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Pro- is & 14 Vict. 4 cess and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law c, l8, s '

4 in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law, and they are thereby required, to cause a Revision to be made and continued from Term to Term of the Practice and Pleading of the said Courts, and on or before the First Day of January next following the passing of the said Act to make such General Orders, as to them shall seem fit, so that thenceforth there shall be Uniformity of Practice and Pleading in the said Courts and the Offices thereof; and any Code of Practice and Pleading consistent with the Provisions of the said Act which shall be agreed upon and adopted by the said Judges, or by any Seven or more of them, of whom Two shall be Chief Judges, and notified by General Order under their Hands, shall thenceforth be the uniform Practice and Pleading to be observed in each of the said Courts and the Offices thereof, any Law 4 or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always,

that it shall be lawful for the said Judges, or any Seven or more of them, of whom Two shall be Chief Judges, from Time to Time and at all Tunes, in like Manner, to vary, alter,

and amend the said Code of Practice and Pleading as to them shall seem fit: And whereas under the Provisions of the said Act certain General Orders have been made by the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland,

regulating the Practice and Pleading in the Courts of Queen's 4 Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland; but Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Provision of the said Act extends to the said Court of Exchequer Chamber; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

The recited Provision to extend to the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

Recited Act extended to Exchequer Chamber, and Time for Claims for Compensation to Officers of the Exchequer Chamber extended to Six Months after the passing of this Act.

Sic 6 Vict. c. 82.

Cap. 17, 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the said recited Provision shall extend and shall be construed to extend and to have extended to the said Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland; and that any General Rules and Orders heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made by the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland, relating to the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, and purporting to be made under and pursuant to the said Provisions of the said Act, shall be, and be deeped to be and to have been, as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same related to any other of the said Superior Courts of Common Law, subject nevertheless to the Power of Revision or Alteration of the same, as by the said recited Act provided.

II. And whereas by the Thirty-seventh Section of the said recited Act it is provided, that every Person holding any Office or Employment in the said several Courts who shall by the Operation of the said Act be deprived of such Office or Employment, or any Emolument arising therefrom, shall be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury within Six Calendar Months from the passing of the said recited Act, and the said Commissioners are empowered to award to such Persons such Compensation as they shall think just, and Provision is made for the Payment of such Compensation in the Manner therein mentioned Be it declared and enacted, That the said Provision shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend and to have extended to any Person holding any Office or Employment in the said Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland who by the Operation of the said Act and this Act, or either of them, has been or shall be deprived of such Office or Employment, or any Emolument arising therefrom: Provided always, that such Person shall be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same.

[3d July 1851.]

4 Most, Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same 4' until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred

and

1851.

155

Stamp Duties (Ireland) Continuance. Cap. 18.

and forty-five, certain Rates and Duties denominated Stamp ' Duties were granted to Your Majesty for a Term therein limited and now expired; and by Two Acts, passed respec- 8 & 9 Vict. c. 2. i tively in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of Your Majesty's n&i2 Vict.

1 Reign, the same Rates and Duties were continued for Two c*9- several and successive Terms, the latter of which will expire on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred i and fifty-one:' We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to continue the said Rates and Duties, and to grant the same to Your Majesty for the Period herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. All the several Sums of Money and Duties and sition for Duties granted by the said first-recited Act, repealed by any subsequent Act, and also all Duties now payable in lieu or instead of any of the said Duties which may have been so repealed, shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Term of One Year, to commence on and to be computed from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

Compo- Duties con-and not tnuedfor0ne

II. The said first-recited Act, and all and every other Act Recited Acts and Acts now in force in relation to the Duties and Compo- tT *

sition for Duties which are continued by this Act, shall seve- forncemue m rally be continued and remain in full Force in all respects in relation to the said Duties and Composition for Duties hereby continued and granted, and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Acts or any of them, and in force as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution in relation to the said Duties and Composition for Duties hereby continued and granted, as well during the Term herein limited as after the Expiration thereof, for the charging, raising, levying, paying, accounting for, and securing of the said Duties and Composition for Duties, and all Arrears thereof, and for the preventing, detecting, and punishing of all Frauds,

Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to the said Duties and Composition for Duties hereby granted.

Cap. 19.

Prevention of Offences. 14 & 15 VICT.

Any Person found by Night armed, &c. with Intent to break into any. House, &c. or having in his Possession Implements of Housebreaking, guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Any Person convicted of such Misdemeanor after a previous Conviction of Felony or such Misdemeanor, guilty of Misdemeanor, &c. Form of Indictment.

Certificate of previous Conviction.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the better Prevention of Offences.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for ' ' the Prevention of Burglary and other Offences in the

Night:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: That —

I. If any Person shall be found by Night armed with any dangerous or offensive Weapon or Instrument whatsoever with Intent to break or enter into any Dwelling House or other Building whatsoever and to commit any Felony therein, or if any Person shall be found by Night having in his Possession without lawful Excuse (the Proof of which Excuse shall lie on such Person) any Picklock Key, Crow, Jack, Bit, or other Implement of Housebreaking, or if any Person shall be found by Night having his Face blackened or otherwise disguised, with Intent to commit any Felony, or if any Person shall be found by Night in any Dwelling House or other Building whatsoever with Intent to commit any Felony therein, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the Discretion of the Court to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

II. If any Person shall be convicted of any such Misdemeanor as aforesaid committed after a previous Conviction, either for Felony or such Misdemeanor as aforesaid, such Person shall on such subsequent Conviction be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be; transported beyond the Seas for any Term not less than Seven Years and not exceeding Ten Years, or imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and in any Indictment for such Misdemeanor committed after a previous Conviction as aforesaid it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of Felony or Misdemeanor against "The Act for the better Prevention of Offences, 1851," (as the Case may be,) without otherwise describing the previous Felony or Misdemeanor; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the previous Felony or Misdemeanor, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk or Officer, (for which Certificate a Fee of Five Shillings and no more shall be demanded or taken,) shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature

or

Prevention of Offences.

Cap. 19.

1851.

or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

III. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for the Punishment of Persons using Chloroform or other stupifying Things in order the better to enable them to commit Felonies: Be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully apply or administer, or attempt to apply or administer, to any other Person any Chloroform, Laudanum, or other stupifying or overpowering Drug, Matter, or Thing, with Intent thereby to enable such Offender or any other Person to commit, or with Intent to assist such Offender or other Person in committing, any Felony, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision ' for the Punishment of aggravated Assaults: Be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully and maliciously inflict upon any other Person, either with or without any Weapon or Instrument, any grievous bodily Harm, or unlawfully and maliciously cut, stab, or wound any other Person, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years: Provided however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to repeal the Provisions of the Twenty-ninth Section of the Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-four.

Y. If upon the Trial of any Indictment for any Felony, except Murder or Manslaughter, where the Indictment shall' allege that the Defendant did cut, stab, or wound any Person, the Jury shall be satisfied that the Defendant is guilty of the cutting, stabbing, or wounding charged in such Indictment, but are not satisfied that the Defendant is guilty of the Felony charged in such Indictment, then and in every such Case the Jury may acquit the Defen ant of such Felony, and find him guilty of unlawfully cutting, stabbing, or wounding, and thereupon such Defendant shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if he had been convicted upon an Indictment for the Misdemeanor of cutting, stabbing, or wounding.

VI. If any Person shall wilfully and maliciously put, place, cast, or throw upon or across any Railway any Wood, Stone, or other Matter or Thing, or shall wilfully and maliciously take up, remove, or displace any Rail, Sleeper, or other Matter or Thing belonging to any Railway, or shall wilfully and maliciously turn, move, or divert any Points or other Machinery belonging to any Railway, or shall wilfully and maliciously make or shqw, aide or remove, any Signal or Light upon or

157

Persons using Chloroform, &c. in order to commit a Felony, guilty of Felony.

Persons inflicting grievous bodily Harm guilty of a Misdemeanor, and liable to Three Years Imprisonment.

Not to repeat Sect. 29. of 10 G. 4. c. 34.

On the Trial of any Indictment for feloniously cutting, &c. the Jury may acquit of the Felony, and convict of unlawfully cutting. Sec.

Persons wilfully placing Wood, &c. on Railways, taking up Rails, Ac., turning Machinery, or showing Signals, Ac., with Intent to commit Injuries to Rail-

way or endanger the Safety of Persons, guilty of Felony.

Persons casting Wood, &c. upon any Railway Carriage with Intent to endanger the Safety of any Person therein, to be guilty of Felony, Ac.

Any Person wilfully setting fire to any Railway Station, &c. guilty of Felony.

Upon the Trial of Persons for subsequent Offences under the 12 & 13 Vict c. 11. and this Act the previous Conviction not to be stated to the Jury or given in Evidence until after a Verdict of Guilty of the subsequent Offence, unless

Cap. 19. Prevention of Offences. 14 & 15 VICT.

near to any Railway, or shall wilfully and maliciously do or cause to be done any other Matter or Thing, with Intent, in any of the Cases aforesaid, to obstruct, upset, overthrow, injure, or destroy any Engine, Tender, Carriage, or Truck using such Railway, or to endanger the Safety of any Person travelling or being upon such Railway, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of his natural Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

VII. If any Person shall wilfully and maliciously cast, throw, or cause to fall or strike against, into, or upon any Engine, Tender, Carriage, or Truck used upon any Railway, any Wood, Stone, or other Matter or Thing, with Intent to endanger the Safety of any Person being in or upon such Engine, Tender, Carriage, or Truck, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of his natural Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

VIII. If any Person shall wilfully and maliciously set fire to any Station, Engine House, Warehouse, or other Building belonging or appertaining to any Railway, Dock, Canal, or other Navigation, every such Person shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of his natural Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously set fire to any Goods or Chattels being in any Building, the setting fire to which is made Felony by this or any other Act of Parliament, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Ten Years nor less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

IX. And whereas Provision is made in a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the 6 Laws in England and Ireland relative to Larceny and other c Offences connected therewith, and also in this Act, for the ' more exemplary Punishment of Persons who shall commit i certain Offences after One or more previous Conviction or ' Convictions for the like or other Offences, and it is expedient

to define the Time of charging the Jury to inquire as to such previous Conviction or Convictions Be it enacted, That it shall not b6 lawful on the Trial of any Person for any subsequent Offence, where a Plea of Not Guilty shall have been

entered

1851.

159

Prevention of Offences. Cap. 19.

entered on his Behalf, to charge the Jury to inquire concerning any previous Conviction until they shall have inquired concerning such subsequent Offence, and shall have found such Person guilty of the same; and whenever in any Indictment any previous Conviction shall be stated the reading of such Statement shall be deferred until after such Finding as aforesaid: Provided, that if upon the Trial of any Person for any such subsequent Offence as aforesaid such Person shall give Evidence of his good Character, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor, in answer thereto, to give Evidence of the Conviction of such Person for the previous Offence or Offences, before such Verdict of Guilty shall have been returned, and the Jury shall inquire concerning such previous Conviction or Convictions at the same Time that they inquire concerning such subsequent Offence.

X. It shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to apprehend any Person who shall be found committing any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to convey him or deliver him to some Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to his being conveyed, as soon as conveniently may be, before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

XL. And whereas Doubts have been entertained as to the Authority to apprehend Persons found committing indictable ' Offences in the Night For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to apprehend any Person who shall be found committing any indictable Offence in the Night, and to convey him or deliver him to some Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to his being conveyed, as soon as conveniently may be, before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

XII. If any Person liable to be apprehended under the Provisions of this Act shall assault or offer any Violence to any Person by Law authorized to apprehend or detain him, or to any Person acting in his Aid and Assistance, every such Offender shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

XIII. The Time at which the Night shall commence and conclude in any Offence against the Provisions of this Act shall be the same as in Cases of Burglary.

XIV. In all Prosecutions for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which any such Offence shall be prosecuted or tried to allow the Expenses of the Prosecution in all respects as in Cases of Felony.

XV. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to repeal wholly or in part the Fifth of George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-three, intituled An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons and Pogues and Vagabonds in that Part of Great Britain called England, but no Person shall be liable to be punished for the same Offence both under the said last-mentioned Act and under this Act.

the Defendant gives Evidence of good Character.

Any Person may apprehend Persons committing Offences against this Act, and convey them before a Justice.

Any Person may apprehend Persons committing indictable Offences in the Night, and convey them before a Justice.

Any Person assaulting a Person entitled to apprehend him to be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

The Night, in Offences against this Act, to be as in Burglary.

Costs of Prosecutions.

Nothing in this Act to repeal 5 G. 4. c. 83.

XVI. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland.

Not to extend to Scotland.

12 & IS Vict C. 105.SS. 20, 21.

ProrUions of recited Act extended to Fee-farm and other Rents under Leases for Lives or for Years, save as herein excepted.

Cap. 20. Fee-farm Bents (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

CAP. XX.

An Act to extend the Remedies provided by the Renewable Leasehold Conversion Act, for the Recovery of Fee-farm Rents under that Act, to all other Fee-farm Rents, and to other Rents in Ireland reserved upon Grants of Land in which the Grantors have, no Reversion.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hun-

(dred and five, Sections Twenty and Twenty-one, certain Re-

medies were provided for the Recovery of Fee-farm Rents

made payable by Grants under the Provisions of that Act; and it is expedient to extend such Remedies and Powers ' to all Fee-farm Rents, and also to all other Rents payable i under Grants or written Instruments granting or containing Agreements for granting Land, and reserving or purporting c to reserve thereout upon such Grants or Agreements Rent payable to the Grantor where the Person to whom such Rent i is payable has no Reversion in such Land: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That all the Powers, Remedies, Provisions, and Enactments referred to and contained in the said herein-before mentioned Sections of the said recited Act shall henceforth extend and be applicable to all Fee-farm Rents, and also to other Rents reserved and payable under any Grants, Conveyances, or written Instruments granting or containing Agreements for granting any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or for a Life or Lives, or for Years, or for a Life or Lives and a Term of Years, or for a Life or Lives concurrent with a Term of Years, and reserving or purporting to reserve thereout Rent payable to the Grantor or Party agreeing to make such Grant, or to his or their respective Representatives, where the Person to whom such Rent is or shall be payable has or shall have no Reversion in such Land; save and except that nothing in this Act contained shall give or confer or be deemed to give or confer any Remedy by Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, in the Case of any Fee-farm Rent or Rent reserved upon any Grant or Agreement for a Grant in Fee (other than a Fee-farm Rent under the said recited Act); and save and except that nothing herein contained shall extend or refer to or include the Provisions contained in the said Twenty-first Section of the said recited Act relating to the Lien or Charge in the said Section mentioned: Provided always, that in any Avowry or Cognizance in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act for any Rent it shall not be necessary to describe any such Grant or Instrument as aforesaid as a Grant or Instrument made under or after the passing of the said recited Act.

1851. Bridges (Ireland). Cap. 21. i61

CAP. XXL

An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases.

[3d July 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years

1 " of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 6 & 7 Vict. c. 42.

to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of 1 King George the Third, for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases, it is amongst other things enacted, that

it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury or the Grand (Juries of any County and County of a City or Town in Ireland, and they are thereby authorized and empowered, to

agree with the Companies, Commissioners, Corporations, or (Persons possessed of and interested in and having any Lien f or Incumbrance on the Tolls payable on any Bridge upon which Toll is charged, situate in such Counties or Cities or

Towns, or within Five Miles thereof, for the Purchase thereof, and the said Companies, Commissioners, Corporations,

and Persons are hereby authorized to agree with the said

Grand Jury or Grand Juries for the Sale thereof, subject to ' the Regulations and Provisions in the said Act contained:

And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of said recited Act by enabling Persons having limited Estates or

Interests in such Tolls, and Persons having Estates or Inte-

rests in the same, being under legal Disability, to agree with the Grand Jury or Grand Juries of any County, County of a ' City, or County of a Town as aforesaid, for the Sale of the absolute and entire Interest in such Tolls:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That it shall and may be lawful for all or any of the Parties having Parties herein-after enumerated, having Estates or Interests in limited Inte-such Tolls upon any Bridge as aforesaid, to agree with the u^der°Dbabi? Grand Jury or Grand Juries of the County, County of a City, lity, enabled to or County of a Town in which or within Five Miles of which 8611 "d convey such Bridge is situated, or if such Bridge is situated in Two freUn/the" Counties, with the Grand Juries of the said Counties, for the Tolls of Sale of the entire and absolute Estate and Interest in such IiridSes-Tolls, that is to say, all Tenants in Tail or for Life, or other partial or qualified Estates or Interests, married Women seised in their own Right, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Trustees, or any Feoffees in Trust for charitt

Cap. 21. Bridget (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Purchase Money of such Parties to be deposited in Bank, subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

Purposes, Executors, or Administrators, for the Time being entitled to the Receipt of such Tolls; and the Power so to agree for such Sale may lawfully be exercised by all such Parties, not only on behalf of themselves, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, but also for and on behalf of every Person entitled in reversion, remainder, or expectancy after them, or in defeasance of the Estates of such Parties, and as to such married Women, whether they be of full Age or not, as if they were sole and of full Age, and as to such Guardians, on behalf of their Wards, and as to such Committees, on behalf of the Lunatics and Idiots of whom they are the Committees respectively, and that to the same Extent as such Wives, Wards, Lunatics, and Idiots respectively could have exercised the same Power if they had respectively been under no Disability, and as to such Trustees, Executors, and Administrators, on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Femes Covert, or other Persons, and that to the same Extent as such Cestuique Trusts respectively could have exercised the same Power if they had respectively been under no Disability.

II. It shall be lawful for such Grand Jury or Juries, and they are respectively hereby authorized and empowered, to enter into such Agreements with such Person or Persons as if he, she, or they were entitled to an absolute Estate or Estates in the said Tolls, and were legally competent to contract for the Sale of the same; subject nevertheless to the Proviso contained in said recited Act in relation to the Manner and Conditions of Presentments to be made in pursuance thereof; and the Amount of the Purchase for such Tolls, upon Agreements made under this Act, shall be ascertained by a Notary Public, to be chosen and appointed for that Purpose by the said contracting Parties to such Agreements, and such Amount shall be estimated upon an Average of the Sum received for Tolls upon such Bridge for Three Years immediately preceding such Agreement; and the Purchase Money which shall be payable in respect of the said Tolls, or any Interest therein, purchased by the Grand Jury or Grand Juries of any such County or Counties, County of a City or Town, as aforesaid, from any Tenant for Life or in Tail, married Woman seised in her own Right, Guardian, Committee of Lunatic or Idiot, Trustee, Executor, or Administrator, or Persons having a partial or qualified Interest only in such Tolls, and not entitled to sell the same except under the Provisions of this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland (but free from any Charge for Ushers Poundage), to be placed to the Account there of such Accountant General, ex parte such Grand Jury or Grand Juries of any County, Counties or County of a City or Town, purchasing as aforesaid, pursuant to the Provisions prescribed by any Act for the Time being in force for regulating Monies paid in as aforesaid; and such

C*nr%nlt> Monies

1851. Bridget (Ireland). Cap. 21. 168

Monies shall remain so deposited until the same be applied to some One or more of the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

In the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the Application of Tolls in respect of which such Money shall have been paid; deP°"

In the Purchase of Lands to be conveyed, limited, and settled " upon the like Uses, Trusts, and Purposes and in the same Manner as the Tolls in respect of which such Money shall have; been paid stood settled;

Or in Payment to any Party becoming absolutely entitled to such Money:

Provided always, that in every Case where any Person having an Estate or Interest in such Tolls shall only be entitled for an Estate for Life in the same, it shall and may be lawful lawful for such Court (if it shall so think fit) to allocate the said Purchase Money to and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, whether in possession, remainder, or reversion, and to order Payment to such Tenant for Life of the Principal of such Share of the Purchase Money as may be so allocated to him or her as aforesaid, or to make such other Order in the Premises as to such Court shall seem meet and just and reasonable.

III. Such Money may be so applied as aforesaid upon an Order for Order of the Court of Chancery in Ireland made upon the Petition of any Party who would have been entitled to the g^ch Monies. Tolls in respect of which such Money shall have been deposited,

or any Part thereof, and until the Money can be so applied it may, upon the like Order, be invested by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Government Stock, and the annual Proceeds thereof paid to the Party who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Receipt of the said Tolls.

IV. From and after the Payment of the said Purchase Money Tolls into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid the said Tolls in respect cease from Time of which such Purchase shall have been made shall cease, and of 8UC.h

the Passage of such Bridge in respect of which such Toll mentmto shall have been payable shall be open and free to all Cattle,

Carriages, and Persons whatsoever.

V. And whereas under and by virtue of the Provisions of Certain Pre-

the said recited Act certain Grand Juries of Counties have,

before the passing of this Act, entered into Agreements for for pur-e

the Purchase of certain of such Tolls of Bridges as aforesaid chase of Tolls of

from the Parties possessed of and interested in the same, and *

1 Presentments have been already made by such Grand Juries executed

for the Purchase of such Tolls, and for raising and levying under this Act.

the Amount of the Purchase Money thereof under the Provisions of the said Act; and it is expedient that such Proceedings should be rendered effectual and capable of being carried into execution under the Provisions of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That in any Case where any Agreement has.been already made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries of a County or Counties for the Purchase of any such Tolls of a Bridge as aforesaid, from the Party or Parties pos-

by

164

Extent of Act.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 46.

First-recited Act further continued to 31st Dec. 1856.

Cap. 21, 22. Survey of Great Britain, , fyc. c. 14 & 15 VICT.

sessed of or interested in the same, and where any Presentment has been made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries for the Purchase of such Tolls, and for raising and levying the Purchase Money for the same, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, such Proceedings and Presentment or Presentments heretofore had and made for or relating to the Purchase and Sale of such Tolls shall be and be deemed valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the respective Grand Jury or Grand Juries of such County or Counties and the respective Parties possessed of and interested in such Tolls, to complete such Purchase and Sale, and to cause the same to be carried into execution under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, and the same shall and may be carried into execution accordingly, and shall be within and subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act as fully and effectually in all respects as if the said Proceedings and Presentment or Presentments had been had and made in pursuance of and after the passing of this Act.

VI. This Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue the Survey of Great Britain, Ber-wich-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

[24 th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth c ' Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to authorize and facilitate the Completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man: And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to continue, until the Thirtyfirst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fiftyone, an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, for authorizing and facilitating the Completion of a 4 Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man, and which Acts will expire on the Thirty-first Day 4 of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her

Present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and 'hings therein contained, shall continue in force until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

1851. Public Works, Fisheries, frc. Cap. 23. 165

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to authorize for a further Period the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year 57 g. s. c. 34.

of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

4 Chapter Thirty-four: And whereas another Act was passed 57 G. 3. ©.124.

4 in the same Session of Parliament, Chapter One hundred and twenty-four: And whereas another Act was passed in the 1G.4. c. 6a 4 First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Fourth, Chapter Sixty: And whereas another Act was passed 1 & s G. 4.

in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His said c*111 *

Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and

eleven: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third 3 G. 4. c. 86.

4 Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, Chapter Eighty-six: And whereas another Act was passed in the 4 G.4. c. 6S.

4 Fourth Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty. Chapter Sixty-three: And whereas another Act was 5 g. 4. c. 36.

passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six: And whereas another 5 G. 4. c. 77.

Act was passed in the same Year, Chapter Seventy-seven:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of 6 G. 4. c. 35.

the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, Chapter Thirtyfive: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh 7 G. 4. c. 30.

4 Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty,

4 Chapter Thirty: And whereas another Act was passed in the 7&s G. 4. C. 1 & 4 Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said lastmentioned Majesty, Chapter Twelve: And whereas another 7&sG.4.©.47. 4 Act was passed in the same Year, Chapter Forty-seven: And 1 & 2 W. 4. C. 24. 4 whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four: And whereas another Act was 3 & 4 W.4. c. 32.

passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, Chapter Thirty-two: And whereas another 4 & 5 W.4. c. 72.

Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two: And whereas 7 w. 4. &

another Act wras passed in the First Year of the Reign of 1 Vict. c. 51.

Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Fifty-one: And 1*2 Vict. c. 88. 4 whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eightyeight: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third s& 4 Vict. c.ia 4 Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ten:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Second Session 5 & 6 Vict. c. 9.

of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

4 Chapter Nine: And whereas another Act was passed in the 9 & 10 Vict Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present' 'sty, c# 8a

4 Chapter Eighty: And whereas sundry Advances o. joans have been made by the Commissioners of the said recited Acts, for the Purposes in thje same Acts specified, and great

16ft

360,000i per Annum to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund by Issues not exceeding 90>000£ per Quarter.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to be Trustees of Public Works Loan Fund, and to cause a separate Account to be continued at the Bank of England for the Purpose.

Cap. 23. Public Works, Fisheries, tfc. 14 & 15 VICT.

Benefits have been derived therefrom: And whereas further Advances or Loans are required for the like Objects; and it

is deemed expedient to make further Advances of Money out c of the Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of such Loans:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That for the Purposes of such Advances or Loans as aforesaid the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are hereby empowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to charge the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after providing for all preceding Charges, but having Preference of all future Charges), and to direct the Issue or the Payment thereout to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, of a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum during the Five Years next ensuing the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter, the same to become due on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, the First Instalment thereof to become due and payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

II. That the Commissioners for the Time being for the Re^ duction of the National Debt shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees on the Part of the Public for holding the said Monies to be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, and they shall continue or cause to be continued the separate Account already opened at the Bank of England with them under the Title of The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of the Public Works Loan Fund," and which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to continue in their Books accordingly, and to which Account shall be carried all such Monies as shall be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall continue and keep, or cause to be continued and kept, in their Office, a Book or Books in which all the Monies transferred to their Account by virtue of this Act and the said recited Acts shall be entered and kept separate and apart from all other Monies, and such Monies shall be by them held subject to the Disposal, Orders, and Directions of the said Commissioners of the said recited Acts and of this Act for the Purposes of such Loans and Advances, and otherwise, as by the same Acts, or the Acts relating thereto, or this Act, are directed or authorized to be made.

1851.

Public Works, Fisheries, Cap. 28. 167

III. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- Bank to eon-land shall and they are hereby required to continue the Account tinue already opened in their Books with the Commissioners for the openLrl^thUje Execution of this Act and of the said recited Acts under the Commivioiien Title of "The Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public fof exeoati, 18 Works and Fisheries, &c.," to the Credit of which Account shall thw Act* be carried all Principal and Interest Monies which shall from Time to Time become payable in respect of Loans made or to be made under the said recited Acts or this Act, and which shall be paid to the Cashiers of the said Bank of England upon such or the like Certificates under the Hands of the said Commissioners of the said recited Acts and of this Act as have been heretofore used for such Purpose in regard to Exchequer Bill or other Loans, as directed by the said recited Acts or some or One of them, in such or the like Manner in all respects as if the Clauses and Provisoes in the said recited Acts with respect to such Payments and Certificates had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, or as near thereto as the Difference of the Circumstances will admit.

IV. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall Money pud be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Com- ^Account missioners for executing this Act, under and by virtue of this Gf Commi*ion-Act, shall from Time to Time, immediately on such Payments en for execu-being made to the said Account, be transferred by the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England to the Account kept by the Con*>li-the said Bank of England with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and, dated Fund, when so transferred, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. That the several Persons who in and by the said recited Commmioner* Acts or any of them are named or constituted Commissioners ^ited Acta* for the Execution of the said Acts, or so many of them as shall to be Commie-be living at the Time of the passing of this Act, together with «oners, together Henry Berens Esquire and Henry Allan Harrison Esquire, who have been appointed Commissioners for the Execution of the Act. said recited Acts under the Authority of the same, or some or One of them, and also together with Henry Lewis Wickham Esquire, shall be, and they, and all future Parties so constituted, are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act; and all Acts authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act to be done and executed by the said Commissioners may be done and executed by any Three or more of them.

VI. That the said Commissioners named in and by the said commissioner* recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, shall, before they to *ign the fol-enter upon the Execution of this Act, sign a Declaration to the Mowing Effect:

(J A.B. do declare. That, according to the best of my Judgment, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Duties, Powers, and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled c [insert Title of this Act], according to the Tenor and Purport

L 4 by ^rGof

Cap. 23.

Public Works, Fisheries, frc. 14 & 15 VICT.

Amount of Monies to be advanced under this Act to be certified to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

(of the eaid Act, and the Acts therein recited, and other Acts having reference thereto. '

And that such Declaration shall be kept and entered with the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners.

VII. That when and so soon as the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall have determined upon any Amount of Money to be advanced and lent or paid under the Provisions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Commissioners for the K eduction of the National Debt for the Time being; and at the Foot of every such Certificate the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act shall state the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom every such Certificate is to be presented to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and upon every such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or Chief Clerk acting under the said last-mentioned Commissioners, shall upon the Back of every such Certificate endorse and sign an Order for the Payment of the Sum mentioned in every such Certificate to the Person or Persons named at the Foot of every such Certificate, or to One of such Persons, and which Order of such Officer previously to the issuing thereof shall be entered by the Clerk or other proper Officer, and shall be countersigned by the Actuary or other Check Officer acting under the said last mentioned Commissioners, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and such Cashiers or One of them shall, upon the Production of every such Order, pay the Sum mentioned therein to the Person or Persons mentioned in every such Order; and the Signature of such Person or Persons, jointly or severally, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to the said Governor and Company respectively; provided the total Amount directed to be paid by such Certificate or Certificates respectively shall not at any Time exceed the Amount for the Time being standing to the Credit of the ' said Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the Provisions of this Act or of the said recited Acts.

VIII. That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na-oTthe^atiorwl t^ona^ Debt shall cause to be made up for Examination and Debt to furnish Audit an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of December annual Account in each Year of the Receipts, Payments, and Balances on the Audit.FUDd for Account so directed to be kept by them in respect of the said Public Works Loan Fund as aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, at Somerset Place.

IX. That all and every the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions,

Commissioners

Powers, &c. of recited Acts to hare the same

185). Public Works, Fisheries* frc. Cap. 23, 24* 16$

tions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfei- Force ai if re-tures contained in the said recited Acts or any of them shall not in

be affected nor be deemed to have been affected by any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed or to be passed, except so far as the same may by any such Act, passed or to be passed, be altered, varied, or repealed by express Reference to the said recited Acts or this Act, and all and every the same several Clauses, Powere, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions,

Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, so far as the same can be made applicable, and are not varied by this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Act, and to every thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, and as if such Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures were herein repeated and set forth.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS by the Statute Fourth and Fifth Victoria *

4 Chapter Thirty-eight, Power is given to divers Persons therein mentioned to grant, convey, and enfranchise a certain

Portion of Land for the Purpose of a Site for a School for the Education of poor Persons, or for the Residence of a 4 Schoolmaster or Schoolmistress, or otherwise for the Educa-

tion of poor Persons in religious and useful Knowledge, and Provisions are contained therein for facilitating the Convey-

ance of such Sites and perpetuating the Trusts of the Deeds:

And whereas the Persons therein mentioned having been

authorized to grant any Number of Sites for distinct and separate Schools, and Residences for the Master or Mistress thereof, it is provided that the Site of each School and Residence should not exceed the Extent of One Acre, and it is also provided that not more than One such Site should be

in the same Parish; And whereas by the Twelfth and Thir-

teenth Victoria* Chapter Forty-nine, it is declared and enacted,

that nothing in the last recited Act contained should prevent any Person or Corporation from granting any Number of Sites for separate and distinct Schools in the same Parish, provided the aggregate Quantity of Land granted by such Person in the same Parish should not exceed the Extent of One Acre:

And whereas by reason of the great Extent of some Parishes,

wherein the Population is very large, this Limitation is found to be productive of Inconvenience, and to prevent the Extension of the Education of the Poor; and it is desirable to make further Provision in this Behalf Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corn-

C

The Word Parish in the 4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. a. 9. and 12 & 13 Vict. c. 49. a. 3. to signify an Ecclesiastical District in any divided Parish.

Incorporation of this Act with recited Acts.

Cap. 24, 25. School Sites Acts Amendment 14 & 15 Vici.

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Word Parish in the Sections of the Statutes herein referred to shall, in the Case of any Parish which has heretofore been or shall hereafter be divided by lawful Authority into Two or more Ecclesiastical Districts, whether confined to such Parish, or comprising also any Part of another Parish, be construed with reference to such Parish to signify each such Ecclesiastical District.

II. This Act shall be construed as and be deemed to be a Part of the said recited Acts, except so far as it amends the same.

On Determination of Leases or Tenancies under Tenant for Life, Ac., instead of Emblements Tenant to hold until Expiration of current Year, &c.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to improve the Law of Landlord and Tenant in relation to Emblements, to growing Crops seized in Execution, and to Agricultural Tenants Fixtures.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law to prevent or lessen the Evils of the Right to Emblements, and the Loss and Injury arising therefrom, and also the Law relating to growing Crops seized under Executions, and to

Agricultural Fixtures: Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That where the Lease or Tenancy of any Farm or Lands held by a Tenant at Rackrent shall determine by the Death or Cesser of the Estate of any Landlord entitled for his Life, or for any other uncertain Interest, instead of Claims to Emblements, the Tenant shall continue to hold and occupy such Farm or Lands until the Expiration of the then current Year of his Tenancy, and shall then quit, upon the Terms of his Lease or Holding, in the same Manner as if such Lease or Tenancy were then determined by Effluxion of Time or other lawftil Means during the Continuance of his Landlord's Estate; and the succeeding Landlord or Owner shall be entitled to recover and receive of the Tenant, in the same Manner as his Predecessor or such Tenant's Lessor could have done if he had been living or had continued the Landlord or Lessor, a fair Proportion of the Rent for the Period which may have elapsed from the Day of the Death or Cesser of the Estate of such Predecessor or Lessor to the Time of the Tenant so quitting, and the succeeding Landlord or Owner and the Tenant respectively shall, as between themselves and as against each other, be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages, and be subject to the Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, to which the preceding Landlord or Lessor and such Tenant respectively would have been entitled and subject in case the Lease or Tenancy had de-

termined

Landlord and Ttnant. Cap. 25t 171

termined in manner aforesaid at the Expiration of such current Year: Provided always, that no Notice to quit shall be necessary or required by or from either Party to determine any such Holding and Occupation as aforesaid.

II. That in case all or any Part of the growing Crops of Growing Crop* the Tenant of any Farm or Lands shall be seized and sold by !?d *°'d any Sheriff or other Officer by virtue of any Writ of Fieri facias tionto beatable or other Writ of Execution, such Crops, so long as the same for accruing shall remain on the Farms or Lands, shall, in default of suffi- Rent '

cient Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Tenant, be liable to the Bent which may accrue and become due to the Landlord after any such Seizure and Sale, and to the Remedies by Distress for Recovery of such Bent, and that notwithstanding any Bargain and Sale or Assignment which may have been made or executed of such growing Crops by any such Sheriff or other Officer.

III. That if any Tenant of a Farm or Lands shall, after the Tenant may passing of this Act, with the Consent in Writing of the Land- yemore Build-lord for the Time being, at his own Cost and Expense, erect JSfeserectedby any Farm-building, either detached or otherwise, or put up him on Farms, any other Building, Engine, or Machinery, either for Agricul- unless Landlord tural Purposes or for the Purposes of Trade and Agriculture, to take to (which shall not have been erected or put up in pursuance of

some Obligation in that Behalf,) then all such Buildings, Engines, and Machinery shall be the Property of the Tenant, and shall be removable by him, notwithstanding the same may consist of separate Buildings, or that the same or any Part thereof may be built in or permanently fixed to the Soil, so as the Tenant making any such Removal do not in anywise injure the Land or Buildings belonging to the Landlord, or otherwise do put the same in like Plight and Condition, or as good Plight and Condition, as the same were in before the Erection of anything so removed: Provided nevertheless, that no Tenant shall, under the Provision last aforesaid, be entitled to remove any such Matter or Thing as aforesaid without first giving to the Landlord or his Agent One Month's previous Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Landlord, or his Agent on his Authority, to elect to purchase the Matters and Things so proposed to be removed, or any of them, and the Bight to remove the same shall thereby cease, and the same shall belong to the Landlord; and the Value thereof shall be ascertained and determined by Two Referees, One to be chosen by each Party, or by an Umpire to be named by such Referees, and shall be paid or allowed in account by the Landlord who shall have so elected to purchase the same.

IV. That if any occupying Tenant of Land shall quit, leaving Tenant quit-unpaid any Tithe Rentcharge for or charged upon such Land levin£ winch he was by the Terms of his Tenancy or Holding legally charge unpaid, or equitably liable to pay, and the Tithe Owner shall give or Landlord, &c. have given Notice of proceeding by Distress upon the Land for m^epndtl*|L Recovery thereof, it shall be lawful for the Landlord, or the from The

=)y Vglicceeding first-named

Tenant at if it were a simple Contract Debt.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

Necessity of the Expiration of Fifteen Days between salting and branding White Herrings repealed.

Commissioners to regulate the Time (being

Cap. 25, 26. Landlord and Tenant 14 & 15 VICT.

succeeding Tenant or Occupier, to pay such Tithe Rentcharge, and any Expenses incident thereto, and to recover the Amount or Sum of Money which he may so-pay over against such first-named Tenant or Occupier, or his legal Representatives, in the same Manner as if the same were a Debt by simple Contract due from such first-named Tenant or Occupier to the Landlord or Tenant making such Payment.

V. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

[24th Jit/j/ 1851.]

WHEREAS the following Acts were passed for the Encouragement and Regulation of the British White

4 Herring Fishery; viz., an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of ' King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and ten; an Act of the Fifty-first Year of His said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one; an Act of the Fifty-second Year of

His said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and fifty-three; an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two; an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His said Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four; an Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and three; 4 an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the

First and Second Years of His said Majesty, Chapter Seventynine; an Act of the Fifth Year of His said Majesty, Chapter Sixty-four; an Act of the Seventh Year of His said Majesty, Chapter Thirty-four; an Act of the First Year of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-four; an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventynine; and an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in

the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her said Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be altered and amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That every Enactment or Provision contained in the said recited Acts or any of them whereby it is or may be held to be required that Fifteen clear Days should intervene between the Day of the salting White Herrings and the Day on which the Barrels containing such Herrings, whether Bung-packed or repacked, should be marked or branded, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Herring Fishery, in virtue

. of

British White Herring Fishery.

Cap. 26.

1851.

of the Powers conferred upon them by the said recited Acts or any of them and by this Act, from Time to Time to regulate and fix the Period which shall intervene between the Day on which White Herrings, whether Bung-packed or repacked, shall he salted, and the Day on which the Barrels containing such Herrings, whether Bung-packed or repacked, shall be entitled to be branded, such Period being not more than Fifteen dear Days after the salting of the same; and the said Commissioners shall, before any Regulations made by them for the Purposes aforesaid are to come into operation, cause Notice thereof to be given by Publication of the same once in the Edinburgh 'Gazette, and also by affixing printed Copies thereof on some conspicuous Place or Places at the various Herring Fishing Stations in Scotland; and nothing in the said recited Acts or any of them shall prevent the Exportation, subject to the other Provisions of the said recited Acts, to Ports or Places in Europe or out of Europe, of Herrings branded within the Periods to be authorized by the Regulations to be so made and published by the said Commissioners.

III. That the Penalties and Forfeiture by the Fiftieth Section of the said recited Act of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third imposed upon any Person fraudulently burning or branding, or causing to be burnt or branded, any Barrel or Cask of Herrings, shall attach and apply to and be enforced against any Person who shall fraudulently, or without the Authority of an Officer of the Fishery, bum or brand, or cause to be burnt or branded, or illegally have in his Custody or Possession any Instrument for the Purpose of burning or branding, any empty Barrel or Cask, with any such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters as are referred to in the said Section, in such and the like Manner as if such Section as hereby extended were re-enacted herein.

IV. That so much of the said recited Acts or any of them as requires that Herrings repacked with Great Salt only shall be exported to any Place out of Europe shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall hereafter be lawful to repack Herrings with Great Salt or other Salt, and, subject to the other Provisions of the said recited Acts, to export to any Place out of Europe such Herrings so repacked; and it shall in like Manner be lawful to ship Coastwise for Exportation unbranded Herrings, without the Production of any Notice or Certificate required by the said recited Acts.

V. That the Prohibition and Forfeiture applicable under the Thirty-fifth Section of the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third to Barrels of Herrings of the Description and containing less than the Quantity and Weight of Fish therein set forth, shipped or tendered for shipping to any Port or Place in Europe or out of Europe, shall not be applicable or apply to the Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe or out of Europe of Herrings shipped or intended to be shipped as aforesaid which shall not have lain Ten Days in Salt.

fYL Thbt

not more than Fifteen Days) between silting' end branding.

Penalty for fraudulently branding Barrels filled with Herrings applied to fraudulently branding empty Barrels or Casks.

Repealing the Necessity of repacking Herrings for Exportation with Great Salt.

Authorizing the Exportation of Barrels under Weight when the Fish have not been Ten Days in Salt.

As to Nets to be used when the regular Herring Fish* ery is commenced.

For securing the Use of Quarter Cran Basket or Measure.

Forfeitures and Penalties by whom to be enforced and sued for.

Sentence for Penalty may contain De-cerniture for Imprisonment, failing Payment or Security.

Cap. 26. British White Herring Fishery* 14 & 15 VICT.

VI. That whenever the Herring Fishery is commenced or carried on it shall not be lawful for any Person to use for the Purpose of taking Herrings any Drag Net, or Sea Net mounted for trawling, or any Sweep, Circle, Ring Net, or Scringe Net, or any Net prohibited by the said recited Acts or any of them, or any Net of any Kind or Description whatsoever other than the usual Drift Net, or to use any Drift Net by dragging the same through the Water in the Manner of trawling; nor shall it be lawful to take or have on board of any Fishing Vessel or Boat, during the Time of the Herring Fishery, any Net of any Description other than Drift Nets; and every such Net other than Drift Nets, used as aforesaid, or found on board of any Fishing Vessel or Boat during the Herring Fishery, or found on shore, or in the Possession of any Person for the Purpose of being so used, shall be liable to be seized by any Superintendent of the Herring Fishery, or Person acting under his Order, or by any Officer of the Fishery; and any Person using or having on board any Fishing Vessel or Boat, or having on shore for the Purpose of being used as aforesaid, any Net contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Penalties imposed in that Behalf by the said recited Acts or any of them, and any Net so seized shall be liable to Forfeiture in Terms of the said Acts.

VII. That in order to secure the Delivery to the Purchaser or Curer of the Quantity of Herrings purported to be sold, in Situations where the Standard Measure of the Cran cannot be conveniently used, no Boat's Crew, while selling and delivering fresh Herrings by Measure, shall use or have on board any Herring Boat any Fish Basket or Measure of less Capacity than One Fourth Part of a Cran, that is to say, such as on being filled Four Times with Herrings shall make a complete Cran; and any Person selling or delivering Herrings by any Basket or Measure of less Capacity than aforesaid shall be liable in the Forfeiture and Penalty imposed by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth George Third upon Persons using any Cran or Measure not properly branded.

VIII. That it shall be competent to enforce or sue for any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by the said recited Acts or any of them or by this Act in the Manner provided by the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Name of the Secretary of the Board for the Time being, or the Procurator Fiscal of the County or of the Burgh or Town where the Offence is to be tried, or by the Superintendent of the Herring Fishery, or by any Officer of the said Fishery.

IX. That it shall be lawful for any Judge trying any Offence under the said recited Acts or any of them or this Act, who in pronouncing Sentence shall decern against any Offender for Payment of any Penalty and Expenses, to grant Warrant also (failing Payment of such Penalty and Expenses, or failing Security being found to the Satisfaction of the Court for such

Payment,

lm.

British White Herring Fishery. Cap. 26, 27. 175

Payment, within Forty-eight Hours after the same shall have been decerned for,) to imprison such Offender for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Penalty and Expenses shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend certain Acts for the Improvement of Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second and Third

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

An Act to improve Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland; 2&s Vict. c. 42.

and another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to 7 & 8 Vict. ©.». 4 amend and continue, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Law with respect to Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland: And whereas it was by the said Second Act enacted, that the said First Act as amended by the said Second Act should continue in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be altered and amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That the said recited Acts, as hereby amended, and this Recited Acts, a» Act, shall continue and be in force during the Period granted by the said last recited Act, and shall be held and construed held as One Act. as if the same formed One Act.

II. That, seeing that Actions may be brought before the Repeal of Ap-Court of Session in which the General Board may eventually Justice be a Party, and it is inexpedient that any Judge of the said General and Court should be a Member of the General Board, so much of Lord Justic« the said first-recited Act as appoints the Lord Justice General Membewof in Scotland and the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being General Board, to be Members of the General Board of Directors of Prisons hi Scotland shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and the Lord Justice General and Lord Justice Clerk respectively shall hereafter cease to be Members of the said General Board

accordingly.

III. That it shall be lawful for any County Prison Board, subject to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, to purchase, take, and acquire such Lands contiguous to any Prison as shall by such County Prison Board be deemed necessary for the Purposes of enlarging or rendering more commodious any such Prison; and to enable such County Prison Board to purchase,

take,

Lands contiguous to Prisons may be acquired, and Act 8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. incorporated.

Accounts to be published.

Magistrates of certain Burghs or Places may commit Prisoners to any Gaol within the County.

Juvenile Male Offenders may be punished by private Whipping.

Cap. 27. Prisons (Scotland). 14 & 15 VICT *

take, and acquire such Lands," The Lands Clauses ConaoH-dation (Scotland) Act, 1845," in so far as applicable to and not inconsistent with, or not otherwise provided for, or not altered and varied by, this or the said recited Acts, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act; and the Words " Promoters of the Undertaking " in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall apply to and include any County Prisons Board seeking to acquire Lands under this Act.

IV. That the Prison Board of each County shall publish detailed Accounts of their Revenue and Expenditure under and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act within the First Week of September in every Year, which Accounts shall be printed, and a Copy thereof be f urnished to the Commissioners of Supply of the County and to the Town Councils of the Burghs situated therein.

Y. That where, within the Limits of any Burgh or Place being a " Burgh " in the Sense of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Totons and populous Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same, or where, within any Burgh which has adopted an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Kingr William the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police, there shall be no legal Prison, or no Prison with adequate Accommodation, it shall be competent and lawful to the Police Magistrate or Magistrates of any Burgh acting under the said last recited Acts or either of them to commit Prisoners to any Gaol within the County in which any such Burgh is situated, or is by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty held to be situated, in such and the like Manner as such Magistrate or Magistrates would have been entitled to commit Prisoners to the Gaol of such Burgh if there had been a Gaol therein, and under the like Rights and Liabilities as to the Maintenance of such Prisoners, and the Officers of such Magistrates shall have Power to carry the Prisoners to such Gaol.

VI. That in every Case where it is at present competent for any Judge or Magistrate to award Sentence of Imprisonment or of Fine, with the Alternative of Imprisonment, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Magistrate in the Case of any Juvenile Offender, being a Male, whose Age, in the Opinion of such Judge or Magistrate, shall not exceed Fourteen Years, to adjudge such Offender, instead of Imprisonment, or of Imprisonment and Hard Labour, or in addition to Imprisonment, or Imprisonment and Hard Labour, to be punished by private Whipping, in such Manner and according to such Regulations as shall be made by the Lord Advocate of Scotland in that Behalf, and sanctioned by One of Her Majesty's Principal

Secre-

1851. Prisons (Scotland). Cap. 27, 28. 177

Secretaries of State, anything in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. That in all Cases in which a Sentence of Imprison- Sentence of

ment may be awarded for any Crime or Offence by any Crimi- Imprisonment nal Court in Scotland it shall be competent for such Court to ^J^within* insert in such Sentence of Imprisonment an Order that such Hard Labour, Imprisonment shall, during the whole or any Part of the Term in

thereof, be accompanied with Hard Labour, and such Imprison- [oS^Jd^cof ment shall in every Case of such Order be so accompanied and to heap, accordingly; and it shall be competent to the General Board, proved of by from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, to make and Majesty?^ submit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State Principal Rules as to the Mode of carrying out such Sentences of Hard Secretaries of Labour; and it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, if State *

he shall think fit, to alter such Rules, and to make additional Rales, and he shall grant a Certificate that such Rules as submitted to him, or altered or added to, are proper to be observed and enforced, and upon such Certificate being granted such Rules shall be by the Secretary of State transmitted to the General Board, and shall be effectual; and such Rules shall be entered in the Record of their Proceedings which by the said first-recited Act the General Board are directed to keep; and such Rules shall also be contained in the Annual Report made for the Year in which the same are certified and transmitted as aforesaid, which by the Provisions of the said first-recited Act the General Board are directed to make and transmit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and whereof a Copy is by the said Act directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

VIII. That in all Cases in which a Sentence of Imprison- County Prison ment for any Person not exceeding Two Months shall be Board* ma7 awarded for any Crime or Offence by any Criminal Court in Scotland and in all Cases in which the enforcing proper Disci- ment (subject pline upon Criminals undergoing Imprisonment shall seem to

them to require it, it shall be competent for each County Prison & J"e[0 be°ar Board, subject to the Directions of the General Board, and accompanied subject also to any Rules which may be certified by the Secre- th ^ard tary of State as aforesaid, to cause such Imprisonment, during our* the whole or any Part of the Term thereof, to be accompanied with Hard Labour.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the well-ordering of Common Lodging Houses.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it would tend greatly to the Comfort and h "Welfare of many of Her Majesty's poorer Subjects if ' Provision were made for the well-ordering of Common Lodging Houses:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of M the

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms in this Act.

By whom the Act is to be executed.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; to wit,

I. In citing this Act for any Purpose it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851"

II. The following Words and Expressions hi this Act have, for the Purposes and Execution of this Act, the following Meanings; to wit,

The Word "Place" includes County, Riding, Hundred, and other Division or Part of a County, City, Borough, Parish, District, and other Place whatsoever:

The Word " Borough," and the Expressions u Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses," and " Borough Fund," have respectively the same Meaning as in the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations:

The Expression Improvement Act" means an Act for regulating and managing the Police of, and for draining, cleansing, paving, lighting, watching, and improving a Place, and an Act for any of those Purposes:

The Expression " Common Lodging House " includes, in any Case in which only a Part of a House is used as a Common Lodging House, the Part so used of such House.

III. This Act shall be executed as follows; to wit,

1. Within and for all or any Part of the Metropolitan Police District, by " The Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis," or such One of them as is from Time to Time appointed in that Behalf by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

2. Within and for all and any Part of any Place not being within the Metropolitan Police District, but being now or hereafter the District of a Local Board of Health, by the Local Board of Health for the District:

3. Within and for all and any Part of any other Place not being within the Metropolitan Police District, and not being the District of a Local Board of Health, but being now or hereafter an incorporated Borough regulated under the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, or any Charter granted in pursuance of any such Act, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough acting by the Council of the Borough:

4. Within and for all and any Part of any other Place not being within the Metropolitan Police District, and not being the District of a Local Board of Health, and not being such an incorporated Borough, but being now or hereafter the Place within the Limits of an Improvement Act, by the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Body, by whatever Name, known for executing the Improvement Act:

5. Within

Common Lodging Houses.

Cap. 28.

I7S

3. Within and for all and any Part of any other Place not being One of the Places herein-before specified, by the Justices of the Peace acting in Petty Sessions for the Place.

IV. The Expenses of and incident to the executing of this Act shall be borne and paid as follows; to wit,

1. With respect to the Metropolitan Police District, as Part of the general Expenses of executing the Acts for the Time being in force relating to the Metropolitan Police Force:

2. With respect to the District of a Local Board of Health, as Part of the Expenses of executing the Acts for the Time being in force relating to the Local Board of Health, and as charged upon and payable out of the Monies carried, under the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District Fund Account of the Local Board of Health:

3. With respect to an incorporated Borough, as Part of the Expenses of carrying into execution within the Borough the Provisions of the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, and as charged upon and payable out of the Borough Fund of the Borough:

4. With respect to a Place within the Limits of an Improvement Act, as Part of the general Expenses of executing that Act, and as charged upon and payable out of the Monies from Time to Time applicable for those Expenses:

5. With respect to a Place in which this Act is executed by Justices in Petty Sessions, as Part of the general Expenses of the Constablewick of the Place, and as charged upon and payable out of the Monies from Time to Time applicable for those Expenses:

And the Monies from Time to Time required for the Payment of the Expenses of and incident to the Execution of this Act shall be assessed, levied, raised, recovered and paid accordingly.

V. The Expression in this Act " the local Authority " means, with respect to the Purposes and Execution of this Act with respect to any Place, the Body or Person by this Act authorized to execute with respect to the Place the several Provisions of this Act.

VI. Within Three Months after the passing of this Act the local Authority shall, and from Time to Time thereafter the local Authority may, give to the Keeper of every Common Lodging House already or hereafter within the Jurisdiction under this Act of the local Authority, Notice in Writing of this Act, and shall give such Notice by leaving the same for such Keeper at the House, and shall by such Notice require the Keeper to register the House as by this Act provided, and such Notice may be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

VII. The local Authority shall keep a Register in which shall be entered the Names and Residences of the Keepers of

M 2 all

As to Expenses of executing this Act.

Meaning of the Term " the local Authority."

Notice of this Act to be given to the Keepers, of Common Lodging Houses.

Registers of Common Lodging Houses to be kept.

180

Lodgers not to be received in Common Lodging House's until registered under this Act.

Power to local Authority to make Regulations respecting Common Lodging Houses.

Power to local Authority to impose Penalties for Offences committed against Regulations.

Keepers of Common Lodging Houses to give Notice of Fever, Sc c. therein.

As to Inspection of Common Lodging Houses.

As to cleansing of Common Lodging Houses.

Cap. 28.

Common Lodging Houses. 14 & 15 VICT

all Common Lodging Houses within the Jurisdiction of the local Authority, and the Situation of every such House, and the Number of Lodgers authorized according to this Act to be received therein.

VIII. After One Month after the giving of such Notice to register as by this Act provided, the Keeper of any Common Lodging House or any other Person shall not receive any Lodger in such House until the same has been inspected and approved for that Purpose by some Officer appointed in that Behalf by the local Authority, and has been registered as by this Act provided.

IX. The local Authority may from Time to Time make Regulations respecting Common Lodging Houses within its Jurisdiction for all or any of the Purposes respecting the same for which the Local Board of Health are by the Public Health Act, 1848, authorized to make Byelaws, and for the wellordering of such Houses, and for the Separation of the Sexes therein: Provided always, that the Regulations made under this Act by the local Authority shall not be in force until they have been confirmed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

X. The local Authority shall have the same Power of imposing Penalties on Offenders against the said Regulations, subject to the same Restrictions, as the Local Board with respect to Offenders against such Byelaws, and such Penalties shall be recoverable in the same Way as is provided in the said Act with respect to the Penalties imposed on Offenders against such Byelaws; and a Copy of the said Regulations, purporting to be signed by the Secretary of State, and also to be signed by the local Authority, (or to be sealed with the Seal of the same, in case it have a Seal,) shall be receivable in Evidence of Such Regulations, and of the duly making and confirming thereof.

XI. The Keeper of a Common Lodging House shall, when a Person in such House is ill of Fever or any infectious or contagious Disease, give immediate Notice thereof to the local Authority, or some Officer of the local Authority, and also to the Poor Law Medical Officer and the Poor Law Relieving Officer of the Union or Parish in which the Common Lodging House stands.

XII. The Keeper of a Common Lodging House, and every other Person having or acting in the Care or Management thereof, shall, at all Times when required by any Officer of the local Authority, give him free Access to such House or any Part thereof.

XIII. The Keeper of a Common Lodging House shall thoroughly cleanse all the Rooms, Passages, Stairs, Floors, Windows, Doors, Walls, Ceilings, Privies, Cesspools, and Drains thereof, to the Satisfaction of and so often as shall be required by or in accordance with any Regulation or Byelaw of the local Authority, and shall well and sufficiently, and to the like

1851. Common Lodging Houses. Cap. 28.

Satisfaction, limewash the Walls and Ceilings thereof in the First Week of each of the Months of April and October in every Year.

XIV. If the Keeper of a Common Lodging House, or any other Person having or acting in the Care or Management thereof, offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, or any of the Byelaws or Regulations made in pursuance of this Act, or if any Person in any Common Lodging House be confined to his Bed for Forty-eight Hours by Fever or any infectious or contagious Disease, without the Keeper of such House giving Notice thereof as required by this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day during which the Offence continues: Provided always, that this Act shall not exempt any Person from any Penalty or other Liability to which he may be subject irrespective of this Act.

XV. The Clauses and Provisions of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Recovery of " Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to " the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices," are for the Purposes and Execution of this Act incorporated with this Act.

XVI. The local Authority, and all Justices, Constables, and others, shall respectively have full Jurisdiction, Powers, Authorities, and Indemnities for executing the several Provisions of this Act; and the Restrictions of the Public Health Act, 1848, as to the Hours within which Common Lodging Houses may be entered by Persons authorized by a Local Board of Health, shall not apply to this Act.

XVII. That tills Act shall not extend to the City of London or the Liberties thereof.

XVIII. That nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Notice.

Take notice. That on the [] Day of []

an Act called "The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851," was passed, and that before the [] Day of []

you, being the Keeper of a Common Lodging House within {here state the Place over which the Jurisdiction of the local Authority giving the Notice extends], must have your Common Lodging House registered, and that the Register is to be kept at [here state where the Register is to be kept], and that if you do not have your Common Lodging House so registered you will be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Lodger whom you receive in your Common Lodging House while it is not so registered; and that on your applying to {here give the Name and Address of the Person to keep the Register] he will register your Common Lodging House free of all Charge to you. Dated [fyc.

181

Penalty for Offence* against this Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

General Powers of local Authority, Ac.

Act not to extend to the City of London; nor to Scotland.

m

Cap. 29, 30.

Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. 14 & 15 ViOfc

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 47.

Certain Pro-risions of first-neited Act further eon* tinued.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England, by which it was enacted, that certain of the Provisions therein contained should continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and, if Parliament were then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament; and such Provisions have, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, been continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions should be further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act shall continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. 4

Recited Act further continued.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates ' to Turnpike Roads in certain Cases, which Act has been continued by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the same be further continued:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1*851. Loan Societies. — Militia Ballots Suspension. Cap. 31, 32.

m

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 3 & 4 Vict.

Laws relating to Loan Societies, which Act has been continued c-lla by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the same should be further continued:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be further continued Recited Act to the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight con* hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session tAnue

of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period " the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

I. All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof, or relating to the balloting for or enrolling any Militiamen or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

II. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom or any Part thereof, as Her Majesty shall deem ex-

?klient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such roceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for

M 4 Lists,

General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

1$4

Act to extend to Wardens of Stannaries and to Corps of Miners.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 96.

The Time for giving Notice

Cap. 32, 33. Militia Ballot* Suspension. 14 & 15 VICTw

Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Hidings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively relating to the Militia and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon shall, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. This Act shall be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon, as fully as if they were severally repeated in every Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority herein contained.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to enlarge the Period allowed for compounding for Assessed Taxes.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and

4 Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-six, Persons who had compounded for certain of the Duties of Assessed Taxes under the Acts therein referred to were authorized to continue their Compositions for a further Term, and Persons who had not so compounded were authorized to compound for the same Duties for the Term and in the Manner and on the Conditions in the said Act mentioned or referred to, provided that such Persons respectively should give Notice of their Intention so to continue their former Compositions or to compound, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one in England, and on or before the Term of Whitsunday in the same Year in Scotland, in the Manner in the said Act prescribed; and it is expedient to enlarge the Periods for compounding under the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

I. That the several Periods limited by the said recited Act for giving any such Notice as aforesaid in England and Scotland

185

1831. - Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 38, 34 *

land respectively, shall be and the same are hereby extended of intention to until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ased Taxes fifty-one inclusive; and the respective Surveyors to whom such enlarged until Notices have been or shall be delivered within the Period limited lhe l8t °ct-by this Act shall diligently inquire into and examine such No- 1851' tices, and certify their Assent or Objection thereto at any Time within One Calendar Month next after the Delivery thereof respectively, or at the furthest within One Calendar Month next after the said First Day of October; and the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Acts are hereby authorized and required to enter into Composition with such Persona respectively who have given or shall within the Period limited by this Act give such Notices as aforesaid, subject to the Rules, Regulations, and according to the Provisions, of the said recited Act, in like Manner as if such Notices had been delivered within the Time limited by the said recited Act; provided the Contracts of such Compositions respectively shall be executed by the said Commissioners and the Party compounding on or before the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and which Contracts of Compositions, when executed by the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them and by the Party aforesaid in the Manner by the said recited Act directed, shall be of the like Force and Effect, and subject to the like Powers and Conditions for Payment, to all Intents as if the said Compositions had been entered into under the Directions of the said recited Act: Provided always, that upon every Contract of Composition executed as aforesaid after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, there shall be paid One Moiety of the annual Amount payable under the same within Ten Days next after the Date of such Contract *

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is desirable, for the Health, Comfort, and i Welfare of the Inhabitants of Towns and populous c Districts, to encourage the Establishment therein of well *

ordered Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That in citing this Act for any Purpose it shall be suffi- Short Title of cient to use the Expression " The Labouring Classes Lodging AcL Houses Act, 1851."

II. That this Act may be adopted for any incorporated Act may; be Borough in England regulated under an Act passed in the

Sixth ce ° *

186

roughs and Parishes.

I

Interpretation of Terms.

59 G. S. c. 12.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 60.

Cap. 34. Lodging Houses. 14 & 15 Vldl

Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, or any Charter granted in pursuance of the said Act, or any Act passed for the Amendment thereof, and also for any Place being the District of any Local Board of Health regulated under the Public Health Act, 1848, or any Act passed for the Amendment thereof, and also for any Place being the District within the Limits of any Act for the paving, lighting, watching, draining, or otherwise improving of such Place, and also, with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries oFState, for any Parish in — 'England, having, according to the then last Census, a^Population of not less than Ten thousand, or being a Parish in any such incorporated Borough, having, according to the then last Census, a Population of not less than Ten thousand, and also with the like Approval for each of several Parishes as by this Act in that Behalf provided.

III. That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; that is to say,

"Parish" shall mean every Place maintaining its own Poor, and having a Vestry:

"Borough" shall mean City, Borough, Port, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate:

<c District" shall mean any Place being the District of such a Local Board of Health, and shall also mean any Place being the District within the Limits of such an Improvement Act:

"Ratepayers" shall mean all Persons for the Time being assessed to and paying Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish:

"Churchwardens" shall mean also Chapelwardens or other Persons discharging the Duties of Churchwardens:

" Overseers " shall faiean also any Persons authorized and required to make and collect or cause to be collected the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, and acting instead of Overseers of the Poor:

"Vestry" shall mean the Inhabitants of the Parish lawfully assembled in Vestry, or for any of the Purposes for whim Vestries are holden, except in those Parishes in which there is a Select Vestry elected under an Act passed in' the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, or elected under an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Vestries, and for the Appointment of Auditors of Accounts, in certain Parishes of England and Wales, or elected under the Provisions of any Local Act of Parliament for the G overnment of any Parish by Vestries, in which Parishes it shall mean such Select Vestry, and shall also mean any Body of Persons, by

whatever

18?

Lodging Houses.

Cap. 34-

whatever Name distinguished, acting, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise, as or instead of a Vestry or Select Vestry:

. " Board " shall mean, as regards the District of such a Local Board of Health, such Local Board of Health for the Time being in Office and acting as such Local Board of Health, and, as regards the District within the Limits of such an Improvement Act, the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Body of Persons by whatever Name distinguished for the Time being in Office and acting in the Execution of such Act:

46 Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners appointed in accordance with this Act for any Parish, and for the Time being in Office and acting as such Commissioners:

" Clerk " shall mean, as regards an incorporated Borough, the Town Clerk of such Borough, and, as regards a District, the Clerk of the Board of such District, and, as regards a Parish, the Clerk appointed pursuant to this Act by the Commissioners:

"Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, Liberty, Borough, District, Parish, or Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of Justices shall arise:

"Improvement Rates" shall mean the Rates, Tolls, Rents,

Income, and other Monies whatsoever which under the Provisions of any such Improvement Act shall be applicable for the general Purposes of such Act:

"Lands" shall mean Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of whatsoever Nature or Tenure r Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include the Feminine:

Words of the Plural Number shall include the Singular, and Words of the Singular Number shall include the Plural.

IV. That the Council of any such Borough as aforesaid may. Council of any* if they think fit, determine that this Act shall be adopted for such Borough, and then and in such Case such of the Provisions y^ons con- *" of this Act as are applicable in that Behalf shall thence- tainedinthis forth take effect and come into operation in such Borough, and t^j[f^ey this Act shall be carried into execution in such Borough, in n accordance with such Provisions and the Laws for the Time being in force relating to the Municipal Corporation of such

v. ±nat the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution in Expenses of any such Borough in which the Council shall have resolved to

adopt this Act for their Borough shall be chargeable upon and execution in a paid out of the Borough Fund, and for that Purpose the Coun- Borough shall cil may levy with and as Part of the Borough Rate, or by a separate Rate to be assessed, levied, paid, and recovered in like Borough Fund,

os the Borough Rate, such Sums of Money as shall be from to the

Manner and with the like Powers and Remedies in all respects and Income

. % -W'V i V /"M m m « A 0. mmm a«

188 Cap. 34 Lodging Houses. 14 & 15 VICT.

Time to Time necessary for defraying such Expenses, and shall apply the same accordingly, as if the Expense of carrying this Act into execution were an Expense necessarily incurred in carrying into effect the Provisions of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and the Income arising from the Lodging Houses in any Borough shall be paid to the Credit of the Borough Fund thereof and the Council shall keep distinct Accounts of their Receipts, Payments, Credits, and Liabilities with reference to the Execution of this Act, to be called "The Lodging Houses Account."

Any Local VI. That the Board of any such District, being the District

Board of Health of a Local Board of Health, may, if they think fit, determine Provisions of* ^at this Act shall be adopted for such District, and then and this Act if they In such Case such of the Provisions of this Act as are appli-

think fit. cable in that Behalf shall thenceforth take effect and come

into operation in such District, and this Act shall be carried into execution in such District, in accordance with such Provisions and the Laws for the Time being in force relating to such Board.

On Requisition

VII. Provided always, That the Board shall give not less of Ratepayers than Twenty-eight nor more than Forty-two Days public Notice pone Proceed- ^ie*r Intention to take into consideration the Propriety of wgs till after adopting this Act, and of the Time and Place for holding the

next Day for Meeting at which they will take it into consideration; and if

Members of there be presented to the Board at that Meeting a Memorial

Board. in Writing, signed {dj opt less than One Tenth in Valjofijof the

Persons liable to be rated to a General District Rate made by the Board; and requesting the Board to postpone such Consideration until after the then next yearly Day for the Election of Members of the Board, then and in such Case such Consideration shall be postponed until after that Day, and shall be entered on as soon after that Day as the Board think fit.

Expenses of VIII. That the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution ^Trying this any such District, being the District of a Local Board of tion by°Lo^lU" Health in which the Board shall have resolved to adopt this Board of Act for their District, shall be chargeable upon and paid out of ^wed*11*11 bC ^on*es from Time to Time carried to the Credit of the th^DUtrict District Fund Account of such District, and for that Purpose Fund, and the Board may levy with and as Part of the General District 5 — g* Rate of such District, or by a separate Rate to be assessed, totbesame. levied, paid, and recovered in like Manner and with the like Powers and Remedies in all respects as the General Rate of such District, such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time necessary for defraying such Expenses, and shall apply the same accordingly as if the Expense of carrying this Act into execution were an Expense necessarily incurred in carrying into effect the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848; and the Income arising from the Lodging Houses in any sue h District shall be paid to the Credit of the District Fund Account thereof; and the Board shall keep distinct Accounts of

1851.

Lodging Houses.

Cap. 34.

189

their Receipts, Payments, Credits, and Liabilities with reference to the Execution of this Act, to be called "The Lodging Houses Account."

IX. That the Board of any such District, being the Place Any Improve- within the Limits of any Act for the paving, lighting, watching, draining, or otherwise improving of such Place, may, if they p"Jvfsions of° think fit, determine that this Act shall be adopted for such this Act if they District, and then and in such Case such of the Provisions of thmk fit* this Act as are applicable in that Behalf shall thenceforth take

effect and come into operation in such District, and this Act shall be carried into execution in such District in accordance with such Provisions and the Laws for the Time being in force relating to such Board.

X. Provided always, That the Board shall give not less On Requisition than Twenty-eight Day9 nor more than Forty-two Days public Notice of ihuii Intention to take into^corTsidtotThNi the PoneProcd-Propriety of adopting this Act, and of the Time and Place ings till after for holding the Meeting at which they will take it into consideration; and if there be presented to the Board at that Members°of Meeting a Memorial in Writing, signed by not less than pne Board.

Tenth in Value of the Persons liable to be rated to an Improvement liatC Tiiadc by the Board, and requesting the Board to postpone such Consideration until after the then next yearly or other Day for the Election or Appointment of Members of the Board, then and in such Case such Consideration shall be postponed until after that Day, and shall be entered on as soon after that Day as the Board think fit

XI. Provided always, That in any Case in which the major if Majority of Part in Number of the Members of the Board of any such Hoar<* not District are elected or appointed in any Manner other than R^tlpayera, by or with the Concurrence of the Persons liable to be rated Consent of

to^Improvement Rates made by the Boards the Board shall not Ratepayers to determine that this Act -slialf be adopted for the District, bc obtaiac except with the Sanction of the major Part in Value of the Persons so liable present at a Meeting specially convened for the Purpose by the Board, by not less than Twenty-eight Days nor more than Forty-two Days public Notice of the Intention of holding such Meeting, and of the Time and Place for holding the same; and such Meeting shall be held at such convenient Place within the District, and at such convenient Time, os the Board think fit; and the Procedure thereat shall be regulated by the Board.

XII. That the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution Expenses of in any such District, being the Place within the Limits of any such Improvement Act in which the Board shall have resolved cucti0'" by^m-to adopt this Act for their District, shall be chargeable upon provement and paid out of the Improvement Rate of such District, and Commssioner* for that Purpose the Board may levy with and os Part of "nGeneLr8 such Improvement Rate, or by a separate Rate to be assessed, improvement levied, paid, and recovered in like Manner and with the like JUtc»and.

, r j Income arising

to be carried to the same.

Cap. 34.

Lodging Houses.

14 & 15-VICT.

Auditing Accounts of Improvement Commissioners with respect to Act.

Powers and Remedies in all respects as such Improvement Rate, such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time \ necessary for defraying suctT ITxpenses^lmd^shairT^pIy the accordingly as if the 'Expenses of carrying this Act into execution were an Expense necessarily incurred in carrying into effect the general Provisions of such Improvement Act; and the Income arising from the Lodging Houses in any such District shall be paid to the Credit of the Improvement Rate thereof; and the Board shall keep distinct Accounts of their Receipts, Payments, Credits, and Liabilities with reference to the Execution of this Act, to be called "The Lodging Houses Account."

XIII. That in every Case in which any such Improvement Act contains Provisions for the auditing of Accounts thereunder, the Accounts of the Board with respect to this Act shall be audited in accordance with those Provisions; and in every Case in which any such Improvement Act does not contain any such Provisions, the Accounts of the Board with respect to this Act shall be audited yearly by the Poor Law Auditor within whose District the District of the Board lies; and the Board shall produce to him their Accounts, with sufficient Vouchers for all Monies received and paid, and he shall examine such Accounts and Vouchers, and report thereon to the Board, and every such Report shall be open at all reasonable Times without Charge to the Inspection of every Person liable to be rated to an Improvement Rate made by the Board.

XIV. That upon the Requisition in Writing of Ten or i^Tepayer*fTen more Ratepayers of any such Parish as aforesaid, the Church-

Church wardens, &c. to convene Vestry Meeting, to determine whether this Act shall be adopted.

On the Rc-

wardens, or other Persons to whom it belongs to convene Meetings of the Vestry in such Parish, shall convene a Meeting of the Vestry for the special Purpose of determining whether this Act shall be adopted for the Parish, after public Notice of such Vestry, and the Place and Hour of holding the same, and the special Purpose thereof, given in the usual Manner in which Notice of the Meetings of the Vestry is given, in each of Three successive Weeks before the Day to be appointed for If Vestry re- holding such Vestry; and if thereupon it shall be resolved by S\ctVopBofRe- Vestry that this Act ought to be adopted for the Parish* solution to be a Copy of such Resolution, extracted from the Minutes of the senttoSecre- Vestry, and signed by the Chairman, shall be sent to One tary of State, &c. Qf jjer Majesty>8 Principal Secretaries of State, for his Approval, and as soon as such Approval shall have been signified in Writing under the Hand of any such Secretary of State such of the Provisions of this Act as are applicable in that Behalf shall thenceforth take effect and come into operation in the Parish: Provided always, that such Resolution of the Vestry shall not be deemed to be carried unless at least Two Thirds in Value of the Votes given on the Question, according to the usual Manner of voting at such Vestry, shall have been given for such Resolution.

Resolution not deemed to be carried unless Two Thirds vote for it.

Lodging Houses.

Cap. 34 *

XV. That in such Case the Vestry shall appoint not less than Three than ggypn Persons, being Ratepayers of the Parish, Commissioners for carrying £Eis Act into execution in the Parish, of whom One Third, or as nearly as may be One Third (to be determined among themselves), shall go out of Office yearly, (the Year being reckoned from and exclusive of the Day of the First Appointment of Commissioners,) but shall be eligible for immediate Re-appointment.

XVI. That any Commissioner may at any Time resign his Office as a Commissioner, on giving Seven Days Notice in Writing of his Intention to resign, to the Clerk, and also to the Churchwardens.

XVII. That any Vacancies in the Commissionership may be filled up by the Vestry when and as the Vestry shall think fit, but at the latest at the then next yearly Meeting for the Appointment of Commissioners.

XVIII. That the Commissioners shall meet at least once in every Calendar Month, and at such other Times as they think fit, at their Office, or some other convenient Place, public Notice of the Times and Place of Meeting being previously given.

XIX. That it shall be at all Times competent for any One Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, to summon, with at least Forty-eight Hours Notice, the Commissioners for any special Purpose therein named, and to meet at such Time as shall be therein named; and the Commissioners may meet accordingly without further Notice.

XX. That at all Meetings of the Commissioners any Number, not less than One Third of the whole Number when more than Three Commissioners shall have been appointed, and when only "Three Commissioners shall have been appointed, then any Number not less than Two Commissioners, shall be a sufficient Number for transacting Business, and for exercising all the Powers of the Commissioners.

XXI. That the Commissioners, with the Approval of the Vestry, may appoint reasonable Salaries, Wages, and Allowances for a Clerk and such other Officers and Servants as shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and shall appoint and may remove at Pleasure such Clerk, Officers, and Servants, and, when necessary, may hire and rent a sufficient Office for holding their Meetings and transacting their Business, and may agree for and pay a reasonable Rent for such Office.

XXII. That all Orders and Proceedings of the Commissioners shall be entered in Books to be kept by them for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Commissioners or any Two of them; and all such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, and purporting to be so signed, shall be deemed to be original Orders and Proceedings, and such Books may be produced and read as Evidence of all such Orders and Proceedings upon any Appeal, Trial, Information, or other Proceeding, civil or criminal, and in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

191

Where Act adopted Vestry to appoint Commissioners for carrying the same into execution.

Resignation of Commissioners.

Vacancies to be filled up by Vestry.

Meetings of the Commissioners.

Special Meetings of Commissioners.

Quorum of Meetings of Commissioners.

V

Commissioners may appoint and remove Officers, &c.

Minutes of Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in Books.

192

Commissioners to keep Accounts, which shall be open to Inspection.

Cap. 34.

Lodging Houtes.

Penalty for refusing to allow Inspection.

14 & 15 Vict.

XXIII. That the Commissioners shall provide and keep Books in which shall be entered true and regular Accounts of all Sums of Money received and paid for qr on account of the Purposes of this Act in the Parish, and of all Liabilities incurred by th< in for .such Purposes, and-Df the several Purposes for which such Sums of Money shall .have been paid and such Liabilities shall have been incurred; and such Books shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Examination of every Commissioner, Churchwarden, Ovtrscer, and RaiepaySr^TvIthout Fee or Reward, and they respectively may take Copies of or Extracts from such Books or any Part thereof, without paying for the same; and in case the Commissioners or any of them, or any of their Officers or Servants, having the Custody of such Books, being thereunto reasonably requested, shall refuse to permit or shall not permit any Churchwarden, Overseer, or Ratepayer to examine the same, or take any such Copy or Extract, every Commissioner, Officer, or Servant so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five

Auditors to appointed yearly, who shall examine the Accounts and report to Vestries.

\ Pounds,

XXIV. That the Vestry shall yearly appoint Two Persons, not being Commissioners, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the Commissioners; and at such Time in the Month of March in every Year after the Adoption of this Act for the Parish the Vestry shall appoint the Commissioners shall produce

as

Expenses of executing Act in any Parish to be paid out of the Poor's Rate.

to the Auditors their Accounts, with sufficient Vouchers for all Monies received and paid, and the Auditors shall examine such Accounts and Vouchers, and report thereon to the Vestry: Provided always, that if the general Accounts of the Parish be audited by a Poor Law Auditor, the Accounts of the Commissioners shall be audited by such Poor Law Auditor.

XXV. That the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution in any Parish to such Amount as shall be from Time to Time sanctioned by the Vestry shall be chargeable upon and paid out of the Monies to be raised or applicable for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish; provided always, that the Vestry shall be convened in the Manner usual in the Parish, and the Amount for the Time being proposed to be raised or applied for such Expenses' shall be expressed in the Notice convening the Vestry.

XXVI. That for defraying the Expenses so sanctioned the the^Poor-Rate Vestry may and shall from Time to Time order the Overseers such Sums as to levy with and as Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish such Sums as the Vestry shall deem necessary, and the Amount thereof shall accordingly be assessed, levied, paid, and recovered in like Manner, and with the like Powers and Remedies in all respects, as such Rate, and shall be paid by the Overseers, according to the Order of the Vestry, to such Person as shall be appointed by the Commissioners to receive the same, and his Receipt shall She a sufficient Discharge to the Overseers for the same, and shall be allowed accordingly in passing their Accounts: Provided always, that in the Notices^ requiring the Payment of the Rate the Proportion which the I

Amount j

Overseers to

Vestry shall deem necessary to pay Expenses.

1851.

Lodging Houses.

Cap. 34.

193

Amount to be thereby raised for the Purposes of this Act shall,

bear to the total Amount to be thereby raised shall be stated as (

accurately as Circumstances may admit. —

XXVII. That the Money raised for defraying the Expenses Monies raised, of carrying this Act into execution, and the Income arising

from the Lodging Houses in the Parish, shall be applied by the Lo^ingHmises Commissioners in or towards defraying the Expenses of carrying in the Parish, this Act into execution in the Parish; and whenever, after to w11*1 Repayment of all Monies borrowed for the Purpose of carrying injExpeMesT this Act into execution in the Parish, and the Interest thereof and after satisfying all the Liabilities of the Commissioners with reference to the Execution of this Act in the Parish, and providing such a Balance as shall be deemed by the Commissioners sufficient to meet their probable Liabilities during the then next Year, there shall be at the Time of holding the Meeting of the Vestry at which the yearly Report of the Auditors shall be produced any surplus Money at the Disposal of the Commissioners, they shall pay the same to the Overseers, in aid of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish.

XXVIII. That the Vestries of any Two or more neigh- Vestries of Two bouring Parishes having, according to the then last Census, an or more

age regate Population of not less than Ten thousand may, for PaririM?ma?

o 1, J . concur in carry-

the Purpose of concurring m carrying this Act into execution, hig this Act respectively adopt this Act in like Manner as if the Population into execution, of each of those Parishes were, according to the then last 8ubject to the Census, not less than Ten thousand; and the Vestries of any Two or more neighbouring Parishes which shall have respectively adopted this Act may concur in carrying this Act into execution in such Parishes, in such Manner, not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, and for such Time, as they shall mutually agree; and for that Purpose it may, with the Approval of such Secretary of State, be agreed on between such Vestries that any Lodging Houses shall be erected and made in any One of such Parishes, to be vested in the Commissioners thereof, and that the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution with reference to the same shall be borne by such Parishes in such Proportions as such Vestries shall mutually agree, and the Proportion for each of such Parishes of such Expenses shall be chargeable upon and paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor of the same respective Parish accordingly; and, according and subject to the Terms which shall have been so agreed on, the Commissioners appointed for each of such Parishes shall in the Management of the said Lodging Houses form One Body of Commissioners, and shall act accordingly in the Execution of this Act; and the Accounts and Vouchers of such Commissioners shall be examined and reported on by the Auditors of each of such Parishes, and the surplus Money at the Disposal as aforesaid of such Commissioners shall be paid to the Overseers of such Parishes re-the same Proportions as those in which such

Parishes shall be liable to such Expenses.

Approval of Secretary of State.

194

Incorporation of Commis-supiers.

Acts of Commissioners to be good notwithstanding Informalities.

Councils, &c. may borrow Money for the Purposes of the Act, with the Approval of the Treasury.

The Public Works Loan Commissioners may advance Money for the Purposes of this Act.

Certain Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 16. incorporated with this Act.

Cap. 34.

Lodging Houses.

14 & 15 VICT.

XXIX. That for the more easy Execution of the Purposes of this Act the Commissioners of every such Parish shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession, which shall not be Adeemed to be interrupted by any partial or total Vacancy from iprime to Time in their Office, by the Name of "The Commissioners for Lodging Houses in the Parish of ()

in the County of () ," and by that Name ipay sue

and be sued in all Courts, and before all Justices and others, and may have and use a Common Seal, and by that Name may take, hold, and convey any Lands vested in them for the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person in possession of the Office of such Commissioner, and acting in good Faith as such Commissioner, shall, notwithstanding his Disqualification or Want of Qualification for, or any Defect or Irregularity in, or in any way concerning his Appointment to such Office, be as valid and effectual as if he were duly qualified, or there had not been any such Defect or Irregularity.

XXXI. That for carrying this Act into execution in any Borough, District, or Parish respectively, the Council, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also with the Approval of the General Board of Health, and the Board, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also with the Approval of the General Board of Health, and the Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Vestry, and also with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also with the Approval of the General Board of Health, may from Time to Time borrow, at Interest, on the Security of a Mortgage, as the Case may be, of the Borough Fund, or of the General District Rates, or of the Improvement Rates, or of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, the Money which may be by them respectively required, and shall apply the Monies so borrowed accordingly.

XXXII. That the Commissioners for carrying into execution an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, may from Time to Time make to the Council of any such Borough or to any Board or tQ the Commissioners of any such Parish respectively, for the Purposes of this Act, any Loan, under the Provisions of the recited Act, or the several Acts therein recited or referred to, upon Security of the Borough Fund, or the General District Rates, or the Improvement Rates, or the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, as the Case may be.

XXXIII. That the Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the borrowing of Money by any Company on Mortgage, and the Provisions of the same Act with respect to the Accountability of the Officers of the Company, and the Provisions of the same Act with respect

1851. Lodging Howes. Cap. 34. 195

spect to the making of Byelaws, subject to the Provision hereinafter contained, and the Provisions of the same Act with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and Penalties, so far as such Provisions may respectively be applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be respectively incorporated with this Act; and the Expressions in such Provisions applicable to the Company and the Directors shall apply, as regards a Borough, to the Council, and as regards a Parish, to the Commissioners; and all Deeds and Writings which under such Provisions are required or directed to be made or executed under the Common Seal of the Company shall, in the Application of such Provisions to this Act, be deemed to be required or directed to be made or executed, as regards a Borough, under the Common Seal of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and, as regards a Parish, under the Common Seal of the Commissioners; and so much of such Provisions as are applicable to the Secretary of the Company shall apply to the Clerk; and in such of the said Provisions as relate to the Inspection of Accounts, as regards a Borough, the Burgesses, and, as regards a Parish, the Ratepayers, shall have the Privileges of Shareholders.

XXXIV. That the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, Provisions of shall be incorporated with this Act: Provided always, that the Vict^is^ Council, the Board, and the Commissioners respectively shall wtoTteT Act. notpurchase or take any Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

XXXV. That in any such Borough the Council, with the In Boroughs Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may

from Time to Time appropriate for the Purposes of this Act in Consent

the Borough any Lands vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and of the Treasury,

Burgesses; and in any such District the Board, with the Ap- nested m

proval of the General Board of Health, may from Time to Time e y°*9

appropriate for the Purposes of this Act in the District any

Lands vested in the Board or at the Disposal of the Board;

and in any such Parish the Commissioners appointed under this J? Pw?sh.es the

Act, with the Approval of the Vestry and of the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish (if any), and of the Poor Law Board, proval of

may from Time to Time appropriate for the Purposes of this Vestry> *

Act in the Parish any Lands vested in such Guardians, or in SSdTSSSiig-the Churchwardens, or in the Churchwardens and Overseers of ing to Pariah; the Parish, or in any Feoffees, Trustees, or others for the general Benefit of the Parish; and in any such Parish the Commissioners, and in any such Borough the Council, and in the T»me. ° any such District the Board, may from Time to Time, with the like respective Approval, contract for the purchasing or renting j of any Lands necessary for the Purposes of this Act; trad the' j Property therein shall be vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in the Case of a Borough, or in the Board in the Case of a District, or in the Commissioners in the Case of a Parish.

XXXVI. That the Council and Board and Commissioners Councils and

respectively may from Time to Time, on any Lands so appro- __

N 2 printed, injHouses.

M

Councils and Commissioners may enter into Contracts for the Purposes of this Act.

No Contract above 1002. to be entered into without Notice.

I

Council or Commissioners may purchase existing Lodg* ing Houses.

Cap. 34. Lodging Houses. 14 & 15 VICT.

priated, purchased, or rented, or contracted so to be, respectively, erect any Buildings suitable for Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes, and convert any Buildings into Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes, and may from Time to Time alter, enlarge, repair, and improve the same respectively, and fit up, furnish, and supply the same respectively with all requisite Furniture, Fittings, and Conveniences.

XXXVII. That the Council and Board and Commissioners

respectively may from Time to Time enter into any Contract with any Persons or Companies for building and making, and for altering, enlarging, repairing, and improving, such Lodging Houses, and for supplying the same respectively with Water, and for lighting the same respectively, and for fitting up the same respectively, and for furnishing any Materials and Things, and for executing and doing any other Works and Things necessary for the Purpose of this Act, which Contracts respectively shall specify the several Works and Things to be executed, furnished, and done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Times when the Works and Things are to be executed, furnished, and done, and the Penalties to be suffered in Cases of Nonperformance; and all such Contracts, or true Copies thereof, shall be entered in the Books to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that a Contract above the Value or Sum of One Pound* sTiall not be entered

into by the Council or the Board or the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act unless previous to the making thereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in One or more of the public Newspapers published in the County in which the Borough or District or Parish shall be situated, expressing the Intention of entering into such Contract, in order that any Person willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the Council or Board or Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; but it shall not be incumbent on the Council or, Board or Commissioners to accept any of the Proposals so offered.

XXXVIII. That the Council of any such Borough, and the Board of any such District, and the Commissioners, with such respective Approval as is by this Act required with respect to the purchasing or renting in. any other Case of any Lands necessary for the Purposes of this Act, may, if they shall think fit, contract for the Purchase or Lease of any Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes already or hereafter to be built and provided in any such Borough or District or Parish, and appropriate the same to the Purposes of this Act, with such Additions or Alterations as they shall respectively deem necessary; and the Trustees of any Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes which have been already or may hereafter be provided in any such Borough or District or Parish, by private Subscriptions or otherwise, may, with the Consent of the Council

1851. Lodging Houses. Cap. 34. 197

of any such Borough, or with the Consent of the Board of any such District, or with the Consent of the Commissioners, and with the like respective Approval, and with the Consent of a Majority of the Committee or other Persons by whom they were appointed Trustees, sell or lease the said Lodging Houses to the said Council or Board or Commissioners respectively, or make over to them the Management of such Lodging Houses; and in all such Cases the Lodging Houses so purchased or leased, or of which the Management has been so made over, shall be deemed to be within the Provisions of this Act, as fully as if they had been built or provided by the Council or Board or Commissioners, and the Property therein shall be vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses in the Case of a Borough, or in the Board in the Case of a District, or in the Commissioners in the Case of a Parish.

XXXIX. That any Commissioners of Waterworks, Trustees of Waterworks, Water Companies, Gas Companies, and other Corporations, Bodies, and Persons having the Management of any Waterworks, Reservoirs, Wells, Springs, and Streams of Water, and Gasworks respectively, may, in their Discretion, grant and furnish Supplies of Water or Gas for such Lodging Houses, either without Charge or on such other favourable Terms as they shall think fit.

XL. That anything in this Act contained shall not render any Member of the Council of any Borough, or any Member of any such Board, or any Commissioner, personally, or any of their Lands, Goods, Chattels, or Monies, (other than such Lands, Goods, Chattels, or Monies as may be vested in or under the Management or Control of the Council or Board or Commissioners respectively in pursuance of this Act,) liable to the Payment of any Sum of Money as or by way of Compensation or Satisfaction for or in respect of anything done or suffered in due pursuance of this Act.

XLI. That every Person who shall feel aggrieved by any Byelaw, Order, Direction, or Appointment of or by the Council [or Board or Commissioners shall have the like Power of Appeal \to the Ge^tal^Qtiarter Sessions as under the Provisions of Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, incorporated with this Act, he might have, if feeling aggrieved by any Determination of any Justice with respect to any Penalty.

XLII. That the Council, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the Board, with the Approval of the General Board of Health, and the Commissioners appointed under this Act, with the Approval of the Vestry and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury respectively, may from Time to Time make sale and dispose of any Lands vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or in the Board, or in the Commissioners, respectively, for the Purposes of this Act, and apply the Proceeds,

N3 n ]or

Poorer to Water and Gas Companies to supply Water and Gas to Lodging Houses.

Councillors and Commissioners not to be personally liable.

Persons may appeal against Orders of Conn* cils and Commissioners.

Council, &c. empowered to make sale and exchange of Lands, with Consent.

198 Cap. 34. Lodging Homes. 14 & 15 VICT.

or a sufficient Part thereof, in or towards the Purchase of other Lands better adapted for such Purposes, and may, with the like Approval, exchange any Lands so vested, and either with or without paying or receiving any Money for Equality of Exchange, for any other Lands better adapted for such Purposes, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or the Board, or the Commissioners, may convey the Lands so sold or exchanged accordingly.

When Lodging Houses are considered too' expensive, they may, with Approval of Treasury, be sold, and Proceeds of Sale carried to Borough Fund or Poorls Rate.

XLIII. That whenever any Lodging Houses which shall have been for Seven Years or upwards established under the Authority of this Act shall be determined by the Council, or by the Board, or by the Vestry, in accordance with a previous Recommendation of the Commissioners, to be unnecessary or too expensive to be kept up, the Council or Commissioners, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the Board with the Approval of the General Board of Health, may sell the same for the best Price that can reasonably be obtained for the same, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, or the Board, or the Commissioners, shall convey the same accordingly, and the Purchase Money shall be paid to such Person as the Council or Board or Commissioners shall appoint, and his Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same, and the net Proceeds of such Sale shall be applied in the first instance in or towards Payment or Satisfaction of all the Debts, Liabilities, and Engagements whatsoever, with respect to the Purposes of this Act, of the Council, the Board, or the Commissioners, and the Surplus, if any, of such net Proceeds paid to the Credit of the Borough Fund, or of the General District Rate, or of the Improvement Rate, or of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish.

Commissioners to cease to be a Corporation when their Duties have ceased.

XLIV. Provided always, That whenever by reason of the Sale of all the Lodging Houses provided under this Act for a Parish, and the Application as by this Act required of the net Proceeds of such Sale, and the Performance of all other the Duties under this Act of the Commissioners for the Parish, or by any other Reason, it becomes needless for the Commissioners for a Parish to continue to be a Corporation, such Commissioners shall thereupon cease to be a Corporation, and their Office as Commissioners for the Parish shall thereupon cease, and this Act shall thereupon cease to be in force in the Parish, but nevertheless this Act may thereafter be adopted for the Parish.

XLV. That the general Management, Regulation, and Control of the Lodging Houses established under this Act shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, be, as to any Borough, vested in and exercised by the Council, and as to any District est ed in and exercised by the Board, and as to any Parish ested in and exercised by the Commissioners.

XLVI. That

Management to be vested in Council and Parish Commissioners.

1851. Lodging Houses. Cap. 34. 199

XLVI. That the Byelaws which the Council and Board and Council, &c. Commissioners respectively may from Time to Time make, alter, repeal, and enforce shall include such Byelaws for the ]ati^gthelx>dg-Management, Use, and Regulation of the Lodging Houses, ing Houte*. and of the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, and for determining from Time to Time the Charges for the Tenancy or Occupation of the Lodging Houses, as the Council and Board and Commissioners respectively shall think fit, and they respectively may appoint any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for any and every Breach, whether by their Officers or Servants or by other Persons, of any Byelaw made by them respectively, and such Byelaws shall make sufficient Provision for the several Purposes respectively expressed in the Schedule to this Act: Provided always, that a Byelaw made under the Byelaws to be Authority of this Act shall not be of any legal Force until the same shall have received the Approval of One of Her Majesty's of State 17 Principal Secretaries of State.

XLVII. That a printed Copy or sufficient Abstract of the Byelaws to be Byelaws relating to the Management, Use, and Regulation of huns «p in the Lodging Houses shall be put up and at all Times kept in ^Lodging1" every Room therein. Houses.

XLVIII. That the Council and the Board and the Commis- Charges for sionera respectively may from Time to Time make such reasonable Charges for the Tenancy or Occupation of the Lodging Councilman/ Houses provided under this Act as they shall think fit. Commissioners.

XLIX. That any Person who, or whose Wife or Husband, As to Tenants at any Time while such Person is a Tenant or Occupier of any rc<Liv

such Lodging House or any Part of such a Lodging House, ing par0chiai receives any such Relief, other than such Relief granted on Belief, account only of Accident or temporary Illness, shall thereupon be disqualified for continuing to be such a Tenant or Occupier.

L. That every Lodging House established under this Act LodgingHouscs which shall be within the District of a Local Board of Health to be open to shall at all Times be open to the Inspection of such Board, i^aTl^ards and the Officers thereof from Time to Time authorized by such of Health. Board to make such Inspection.

LI. That if any Clerk or other Officer or any Servant who Penalty on shall be in anywise employed by any Council or Board or Com- C?u?cil* Com-

. n . l a 1 i n a. x missioners, or

missioners in pursuance of this Act shall exact or accept any Officer5 taking Fee or Reward whatsoever for or on account of anything done Fees beyond or forborne, or to be done or forborne, in pursuance of this ^"ri^, t^ested Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting this Act imcornracTs! ° into execution, other than such Salaries, Wages, or Allowances as shall have been appointed by the Council or Board or Commissioners, or shall in anywise be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made by the Council or Board or Commissioners for or on account of anything done or forborne, or to be done or forborne, in pursuance of this Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting of this Act into

N 4 execution,

Application of Penalties.

Not to extend to Scotland.

execution, or if any Person during the Time he holds the Office of Member of the Council, or Member of the Board, or Commissioner, shall exact or accept any such Fee or Reward, or shall accept or hold any Office or Place of Trust created by virtue of this Act, or be concerned directly or indirectly in any such Bargain or Contract, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall for every such Offence also forfeit not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LII. That such Part of any Penalty recovered under this Act as shall not be awarded to the Informer shall be paid to the Credit, as regards a Borough, of the Borough Fund, and, as regards a District, of the General District Rate thereof or the Improvement Rate thereof, and, as regards a Parish, of the Hate for the Relief of the Poor thereof.,

LIII. That nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland.

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

1. Byelaws to be made in all Cases.

For securing that the Lodging Houses shall be under the Management and Control of the Officers, Servants, or others appointed or employed in that Behalf by the Council or Board or Commissioners.

For securing the due Separation at Night of Men, and Boys above Eight Years old, from Women and Girls.

For preventing Damage, Disturbance, Interruption, and indecent and offensive Language and Behaviour and Nuisances.

For determining the Duties of the Officers, Servants, and others appointed by the Council or Board or Commissioners.

2. Byelaws to be made in Boroughs, Districts, and Parishes wholly or partially within the Districts of Local Boards of Health.

For carrying out the Regulations of the Local Boards of Health.

3. Byelaws to be made in Parishes.

For regulating the Procedure of the Commissioners.

d

1851. Apprentices to Sea Service (Ireland). Cap. 35. 201

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to extend the Benefits of certain Provisions of the General Merchant Seamens Act relating to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service by Boards of Guardians of the Poor in Ireland, and to enable such Guardians to place out Boys in the Naval Service.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to 7 & 8 Vict.

amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Merchant Seamen9 c-112- *32 4 and for keeping a Register of Seamen, Power was given to the Overseers of the Poor or other Persons having the Authority of Overseers in any District, Union, Parish, Township, or ' Place in the United Kingdom, in the Manner and subject to the Conditions in the said Act mentioned, to bind and put out as an Apprentice in the Sea Service any Boy having attained the Age of Twelve Years, of sufficient Health and ' Strength, who or whose Parents was or were chargeable to

such District, Union, Parish, Township, or Place, with his

Consent, but not otherwise: And whereas it is expedient to f confer upon the several Boards of Guardians in Ireland like

Powers in this Behalf (subject to the Provisions herein contained) as are by the said recited Act given and conferred upon

such Overseers of the Poor: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. The Guardians of the Poor of any Union in Ireland, or Power to other Persons duly appointed to carry into execution the Pro- toUaard"nticeC* visions of the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Boy^tothcSea Ireland, and having the Authority of Guardians in such Union, Service, may and they are hereby empowered to bind and put out as an Apprentice in the Sea Service, for not less than Four Years, to any British Subject being the Master or Owner of any Ship registered or licensed in any Port of the United Kingdom, any Boy who has attained the Age of Twelve Years and not more than Seventeen Years, and is of sufficient Health and Strength, and who or whose Parent or Parents is or are receiving Relief in such Union, and who consents to be so bound, until such Boy attains the Age of Twenty-one Years or has served as Apprentice Seven Years, or such other shorter Period (not less than Four Years) as may be fixed and agreed on, whichever first happens, by Indentures to be made in the Form set forth Manner of in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the ^indlr^g *uch Circumstances of the Case will admit, or in such other Form PPrenUcgs# as may be sanctioned by the Board of Trade in that Behalf, and to bear Date on the Day when the same are executed, and

to

202 Cap. 35. Apprenticen to Sea Service (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Such Apprentices to be furnished with Outfit;

and sent to the Seaport.

Expenses of Outfit, &c. to be borne by Union, &c.

to be prepared in Triplicate, and each Part to be executed in the Presence of the Boy who is bound thereby, and of the Constable or other Person who is employed to conduct him as herein-after mentioned, and of Two Justices of the Peace, and to be signed by such Justices in testimony of their being satisfied that such Boy has consented so to be bound, and has attained the Age aforesaid, and is of sufficient Health and Strength, and to be attested by such Constable or other Person; and any such Justice may so act, although he be also a Member of, and acting at, such Board of Guardians; and such Indenture shall have affixed thereto the Official Seal of such Board, and the Signature of the Chairman presiding at some Meeting thereof, and of the Clerk or Person acting as Clerk thereat; and the Guardians or other Persons having the Authority aforesaid by whom any such Boy is so bound shall cause his Age to be truly inserted in the Indentures of Apprenticeship to the best of their Belief, and shall if possible procure a Certificate of the Baptism of such Boy, or a Copy of the Entry thereof in the Registry of such Baptism, in proof thereof; and every Certificate of Baptism or such Copy of Entry (if any there be) which is required for the Purpose of ascertaining the Age of any such Boy by any such Guardians or other Persons shall be given and attested by the Person authorized to give the same without Fee; and the Age of every such Boy inserted in any such Indenture shall, in relation to the Continuance of his Service, be taken to he his true Age, without any further Proof thereof: Provided always, that if the Cost of the Relief of such Boy in such Union as aforesaid be chargeable to an Electoral Division of such Union, the Consent in Writing of the Guardian or (where there are more than One) of a Majority of the Guardians of the Poor of such Electoral Division, under his or their Hand or Hands, shall be obtained previously to such Binding as aforesaid, or shall be written or endorsed upon such Indentures (save and except in Cases where paid Officers shall be acting in place of Guardians of the Poor).

II. The Guardians or Persons having the Authority aforesaid by whom'any such Boy is bound shall provide him with a sufficient Outfit of Sea Clothing, Bedding, and similar Necessaries, to the Value of Five Pounds, and shall cause him to be conducted by a Constable or other trustworthy Person to the Port where the Master or Owner of the Ship to whom he is bound is or resides, and shall, if the Master or Shipowner to whom such Apprentice is bound resides in the Port of London, transmit One of the Indentures aforesaid, duly executed and attested, to the Registrar of Seamen, and if he resides at any other Port, to the Collector or Controller of Customs at such Port, and shall transmit One other of the said Indentures to the Master or Owner to whom the Boy is bound, and shall retain the Third of the said Indentures; and the Expense incurred in the Provision of such Outfit, and the Binding and Conveyance of any such Apprentice, and the Transmission of such Indentures,

1851# Apprentices to Sea Service (Irelandf). Cap. 35, 203

tares, shall be charged to the Union or Electoral Division, as the Case may be, to which the Boy or his Parent or Parents was or were chargeable at the Time of his being so apprenticed.

III. The Indentures so entered into by the Guardians or Indentures other Persons having such Authority as aforesaid in any Union b^c^rdians011 in Ireland may be sued upon in the Name of the Guardians of by their Name the Poor of such Union for the Time being, by their Name of of Office. Office; but iio Action for the Breach of any Covenant contained in such Indentures shall be commenced by such Guardians or other Persons without the Consent of the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland; and no such Action commenced with such Consent shall abate by reason of Death or any Change of such Guardians or Persons pending the same, but shall be proceeded in by the Guardians or Persons having the Authority aforesaid for the Time being, who shall be entitled to charge the whole Amount of the Costs incurred in such Action, and not recovered from the Defendant therein, upon the Union or Electoral Division as aforesaid, as the Case may be, or as such Guardians or Persons aforesaid shall direct, although Part of such Costs may have been incurred by their Predecessors.

IV. In the event of the Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or Death of the Master of any such Apprentice to the Sea Service such the Death, &c. Master, or his Executors or Administrators, or, if there are the Master, none such, his Widow, may assign the Indenture of such Apprentice for the Residue of the Term then unexpired therein to any other Master or Owner of any such Ship as aforesaid; and beTe^stered/0 the Person to whom any such Assignment is made shall produce the same, if he resides in the Port of London, to the Registrar of Seamen, and if he resides in any other Port, to the Collector or Controller of Customs at such Port, there to be registered and indorsed by such Registrar or Collector or Controller of Customs, and in default shall be liable to a Penalty of Ten orfWt. Pounds.

V. No Apprentice bound or assigned pursuant to this Act, Such APPrcn-and no Master or Owner in respect of any such Apprentice, c^ributeto shall be liable to any Payment or Contribution to or towards any Hospital any Hospital or Institution; and all Agreements, Indentures, Fund*&c-; Assignments, Counterparts, or Tickets made under or in pur- j)uty°on^P suance of and in compliance with the Provisions of this Act dentures, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty.

VI. Every such Apprenticeship to the Sea Service shall Termination of terminate upon the Expiration of Seven Years from the Date shi^generally. of the Indentures of Apprenticeship, or upon the Apprentice

attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, or at any earlier Time fixed by the Indentures, whichever first happens; but if at the Termination of his Apprenticeship the Apprentice is on a Voyage, he shall continue to serve as an Apprentice until the Return of the Ship to her final Port of Destination in the United Kingdom, but shall after One Calendar Month from such Termination be entitled to the same Wages as an Able-bodied

Seaman

204

As to cancelling Indentures of Apprenticeship.

Justices to determine Complaints between Masters and Apprentices.

Certain Provisions of recited Act to apply as herein.

Cap. 35. Apprentices to Sea Service (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Seaman or Ordinary Seaman of the same Ship, engaged at the Commencement of the Voyage in the United Kingdom, according to his Ability and Qualification; and every Person to whom any Apprentice is bound, or to whom his Indenture of Apprenticeship shall have been assigned, shall at the Termination of his Apprenticeship give up to such Apprentice his Indenture of Apprenticeship, together with his Register Ticket, procured in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act, and in default shall for each such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds; and all Masters of Apprentices under this Act for whom no Register Tickets are already obtained shall, before carrying them to Sea, take them to the General Register Office, or to One of the Custom Houses in the Outports at which the Business of Registration is conducted, and shall there produce the Indentures of Apprenticeship and the Assignments thereof (if any), and a Ticket shall thereupon be granted for each Apprentice, and shall be attached to the Part of Indenture of Apprenticeship retained by the Master, and shall be kept 60 attached until the Expiration of the Apprenticeship, and shall then be delivered to the Apprentice with his Indenture as aforesaid, under the Penalty aforesaid.

VII. No Indenture of Apprenticeship to the Sea Service as aforesaid under this Act shall be cancelled without the Consent of all the Parties thereto, nor without the Consent of the Registrar of Seamen in London or of the Collector or Controller of Customs of the Port in which such Cancellation takes place; and such Consent may be given by the Board of Guardians of the Union concerned, or other Persons having Authority as such, as herein-before is mentioned, for the Time being, to be testified by a Copy of a Minute of such Board of Guardians or Persons, signed by the Clerk of the Union for the Time being.

VIII. Any Justice of the Peace residing at or near to any Port at which any Ship having on board thereof any Apprentice to the Sea Service under this Act arrives, or at any Port at which the Apprentice and his Master may be, may inquire into, hear, and determine all Claims of any such Apprentice upon his Master under his Indentures, and all Complaints of hard or ill Usage exercised by his Master towards him, or of Misbehaviour on the Part of any such Apprentice, and may proceed thereupon as Justices of the Peace are empowered by Law to do between Masters and Apprentices in other Cases; and if the Master of any Ship do not send on shore, in the Charge of the Mate or some other trustworthy Person, any Apprentice desirous of complaining to a Justice of the Peace, so soon as the Service of the Ship will permit, he shall for every such Default be liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

IX. The several Enactments and Provisions in the said recited Act contained for the Protection and Registration of Apprentices, or relating to the granting and cancelling of Registry Tickets, Registry and cancelling of Indentures or Assignments thereof, or to Desertion by Apprentices and Punishment of

Offences,

1851* Apprentices to Sea Service (Ireland). Cap. 35. 306

Offences, the Recovery and Application of Penalties, where not otherwise provided for, and the Recovery of Wages, in case any become due to any Apprentice under this Act, shall apply and extend, or shall be so construed that the same may be extended, and applied, to Apprentices bound under this Act by Guardians of the Poor in Ireland, or by other Persons appointed to carry into execution the Provisions of the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and having the Authority of such Guardians in any such Union, in like Manner, mutatis mutandis, as such Enactments and Provisions apply in the Case of Parish Apprentices bound under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

X. If any Boy, not already an Apprentice in the Merchant Boy* in receipt Service, who, or whose Parent or Parents, shall be receiving °* who Relief in any Union in Ireland, be desirous of serving in the °

Naval Service of Her Majesty, and be accepted or approved placed out by and received by competent Authority in such Service, the Guardians of the Poor of such Union, or the Persons duly s^c. appointed and having Authority as such therein, may and they are hereby empowered, wdth the Consent of the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland, to allow any such Boy, with his Consent, to enter into such Naval Service, and to pay out of the Rates of the Union or Electoral Division, as the Case may be, to which such Boy may at the Time be chargeable, such Sum as may be required by the Regulations of such Service for providing Outfit or otherwise, and also such Expenses as may be necessary to be incurred for the Conveyance of such Boy in charge of a proper Person to the Port or Place in the United Kingdom at which he may be required to attend for Entry into such Service.

jOCRChe-

Registered at the Port of

206

Cap. 35. Apprentices to Sea Service (Ireland), 14 & 15 VICT.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

o

L

.a

SANCTIONED BY . THE BOARD OF TRADE.

1 If there are other Officers who perform the Duties of Guardians they must execute the Indenture, and their Title should be substituted for the Words " Guardians of the Poor and the Words " Officers duly appointed to carry into execution the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and having Authority as Guardians of the Poor," should be used instead.

2 Or " Counties," as the Case may be.

Here insert " Master" or " Owner," as the Case may be.

4 This must be a Port in the United Kingdom.

8 If this is not so, this Clause should be struck out or altered, as the Fact may be.

This Copy or Certificate -d must be given by the Ml-£! nister without Fee. If the Go Entry cannot be found, or #5 there be none, the Words

in Italics must be erased, and the Words "from such Information as it has been found possible to obtain, the Entry of his Baptism not having been found," substituted. The Bov must be above Twelve and under Seventeen.

7 Or, if there be no Guardians of the Poor, insert these Words," the said Officers having the Authority of Guardians of the Poor/ '

8 This must not be less than Four nor more than Seven, and must not extend beyond the Time at which the Apprentice will attain Twenty-one.

Apprentice's Indenture.

Day of_

This Indenture, made the_______

18, between Uhe Guardians of the Poor of the

Union in the County2 of __________ of the one Part, and

__________ of__________in the County of ____

3__________ of the Ship__________registered at the Port

of *

of the other Part: Whereas

a poor Boy, who is (and whose 5 Parent or Parents is or are) receiving Relief in the said Union, has, of his own Freewill,

consented to be bound Apprentice to the said __________:

And whereas, by the^Copy or Certificate hereunto annexed of the Entry of his Baptism in the Register Book of the Parish of

__________in the county of __________ ___ it appears that

he has attained the Age of__________Years: And whereas

__________ and__________ Two of Her Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, are satisfied that the said Boy has freely consented to be bound Apprentice, and has attained the Age aforesaid, and is of sufficient Health and Strength, and do, in testimony of their being so satisfied, sign this Indenture: Now this Indenture witnesseth, that they the said Guardians of the

Poor7 do hereby bind the said __________Apprentice in

the Sea Service to the said __________his Executors and

Administrators, and the Assigns of such Executors or Administrators, or of the Widow of the said __________(who are herein-after termed " Master or Masters ") according to the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf, for the Term of8

__________Years from the Date hereof. And during such

Term the said Apprentice shall faithfully serve his said Master or Masters for the Time being, and obey his and their lawful Commands, and keep his and their Secrets, and shall, when required, give to him or them true Accounts of any of his or their Goods or Money which may be committed to the Charge or come to the Hands of the said Apprentice; and shall, in case the said Apprentice enters Her Majesty's Service during the said Term, duly account for and pay or cause to be paid to his said Master or Masters for the Time being all such Wages, Prize Money, and other Monies as may become payable to the said Apprentice for such Service; and shall not, during the said Term, do any Damage to his said Master or Masters for the Time being, nor consent to any such Damage being done by others, but shall if possible prevent the same, and give his said Master or Masters Warning thereof; and shall not embezzle or waste the Goods of his said Master or Masters, nor give or lend the same to others without his or their Licence, nor absent himself from his or their Service without Leave; nor frequent Taverns or Alehouses unless upon his or their Business; nor play at unlawful Games. In consideration whereof,

the

Inert oUw

Apprentices to Sea Service (Ireland). Cap. 35.

20 *

the, ^d.

__________ hereby agrees with the said Guardians9

and their Successors, that during the said Term the said Master or Masters for the Time being will and shall teach the said Apprentice or cause him to be taught the Business of a Seaman, and provide the said Apprentice with sufficient Meat, Drink, Lodging, Washing, Medicine, and Medical and Surgical Assistance, and all other Things necessary or fit for an Apprentice; and will so provide for the said Apprentice that he be not a Charge to the said Union or any Electoral Division thereof; and will indemnify the said Union and every Electoral Division thereof against any Charge in respect of the said Apprentice during the Term of his Apprenticeship. In testimony whereof they the said Guardians9 have caused their Official Seal to be hereunto annexed, and the said other Parties have hereunto affixed their Hands and Seals.

Signatures of Jus- Seal of Board tices. r*8,) of Guardians.

Executed in my Presence, this Day of

18

©Seal and Signature of Master.

Signature of Pre- __________

siding Chairman of the / x Seal and Sig- Board. (l.s.J nature of

Apprentice.

Signature of Constable or Person employed to convey the Apprentice.

Clerk.

i» This Paragraph, and the Signatures of the Guardians of the Electoral Division, to be omitted if the Afflurs of the Union be administered by Vicc-Guardians, or if the Boy be oot chargeable to a separate Electoral Division, or if the written Consent of the Guardian or Guardians of such Electoral Division have been previously obtained on a separate Ddbu-ment

11 Or," We, the Guardian*," or " We, being a

»of the Guardians," ere are more Guardians than One for the Division.

11 Or," our Hands, ' as the Case may require.

10 I, the Guardian11 of the __________Electoral Division

of the said Union, to which Electoral Division the Cost of the Relief of the said Boy has been heretofore chargeable, do

hereby consent to the binding of the said __________to

the said and have, in testimony thereof, hereto

affixed my Hand12, this

18_______.

Day of

Signatures of Guardians 1 of Electoral Division. J

Note. — This Indenture must be executed in Triplicate, on the Day on which it bears Date, in the Presence of the Constable or Person employed to convey the Apprentice, and One Counterpart is to be kept by the Guardians, One by the Master, and One delivered or forwarded, if the Indenture is executed in London, to the Registrar of Seamen, and if in the Outports, to the Collector or Controller of Customs. Wherever procurable, a Copy or Certificate of the Entry of Baptism of the Apprentice in the Register thereof is to be annexed to the Indenture.

by CAJP *

48 G. 3* c. 55 *

Duties granted on inhabited Houses os specified in the Schedule annexed, in lieu of Duties hereinafter repealed.

Duties granted to be under Care of Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Powers and Provisions of former Acts to be in force;

Cap. 36.

Inhabited House Duty. 14 & 15 VICT.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Dwelling Houses according to the Number of Windows or Lights, and to grant in lieu thereof other Duties on Inhabited Houses according to their annual Value.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act of the Forty- ' eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-

five, certain Duties are now payable in England, Wales, and 9 Berwick-upon-Tweed and in Scotland respectively upon Dwel-9 ling Houses, and are assessed and levied according to the 9 Number of Windows or Lights therein as set forth in the 9 Schedule marked (A.) to the said Act annexed; and it is 9 expedient that in lieu thereof the Duties on inhabited Dwcl- ling Houses set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed 9 should be assessed and levied according to the annual Value ' of such Dwelling Houses:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one in Scotland, in lieu and instead of the said Duties so payable as aforesaid, and which are herein-after repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon inhabited Dwelling Houses in and throughout Great Britain, the several Duties set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, payable according to the annual Value of such Dwelling Houses, which said Schedule shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act.

II. The said Duties shall be denominated and deemed to be Duties of Assessed Taxes, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, now in force contained in or enacted by any Act or Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and also all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Exemptions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in or enacted by any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, with reference to the Duties on inhabited Dwelling Houses according to the Value thereof, as set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third, and which were in force in regard to the said last-mentioned Duties at the Time of the Repeal of such Duties by an Act of the Session holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the

Fourth,

1*51.

Inhabited House Duty.

Cap. 36.

909

Fourth, Chapter Nineteen, except as herein-after excepted, shall severally and respectively be and become in full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be severally and respectively duly observed, applied, practised, and put in execution in the respective Parts of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, accounting for, and securing the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, and are not repealed or superseded by and are consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Exemptions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act with reference to the said Duties hereby granted: Excepting always out of this Enactment any Provisions for or in relation to Compositions for the said Duties set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.), the Exemption in Case II. of Exemptions contained in the same Schedule, and all the Provisions of an Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-nine, and of an Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventeen.

III. Provided always, That no Market Garden or Nursery Ground occupied by a Market Gardener or Nurseryman bond Jide for the Sale of the Produce thereof, in the Way of his Trade or Business, shall be included in the Valuation of any Dwelling House and Premises in charging the Duties made payable by this Act.

IV. The Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third, and now payable in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed and in Scotland respectively, upon Dwelling Houses, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein, as set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) to the said Act annexed, shall, at and upon the respective Periods appointed for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act, severally cease and determine; save and except as to any of the said Duties hereby repealed which, having been assessed or charged, shall not have been collected, levied, recovered, and accounted for, and also as to all Arrears of any of the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred at or before such respective Periods, all which said Duties, and Arrears of Duties, and Penalties and Forfeitures, shall respectively be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and accounted for as if this Act had not been passed.

V. And whereas a certain Rate of Duty is now payable in respect of Armorial Bearings or Ensigns used or worn by Persons chargeable to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or ' Lights made payable by the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third: '

All Persons who shall be chargeable to Duty under this Act shall in respect of Armorial Bearings or Ensigns used or worn .

except os herein provided.

Market Gardens and Nursery Grounds not to be included in Valuation of Houses.

Duties on Windows and Lights to cease on Commencement of the Duties granted by this Act;

except those uncollected, and Penalties, &c *

Persons to be liable to the same Duty for Armorial Bearings as if chargeable to Duties under 48 G. 3. c. 55.

no

Assessors already appointed to be Assessors for the current Year under this Act.

Cap. 36. Inhabited House Duty. 14 & 15 VKXT.

by them be subject to the same Bate of Duty as they would have been liable to if they had been chargeable to the said Duties made payable by the said Act

VI. And whereas Assessors of the Duties of Assessed (Taxes have in many Parishes and Places been already appointed for the present Year:' The Persons so appointed such Assessors shall, without any further or other Appointment or Authority, become and be Assessors of the Duties granted by this Act for the said Year in and for the same Parishes and Places respectively.

The SCHEDULE referred to;

CONTAINING

The Duties by this Act made payable upon Inhabited Dwelling Houses in and throughout Great Britain, according to the annual Value thereof; that is to say.

For every Inhabited Dwelling House which, with the Household and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied and charged, is or shall be worth the Rent of Twenty Pounds or upwards, by the Year, —

Where any such Dwelling House shall be occupied by any Person in Trade who shall expose to sale and sell any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise in any Shop or Warehouse, being Part of the same Dwelling House, and in the Front and on the Ground or Basement Story thereof;

And also where any such Dwelling House shall be occupied by any Person who shall be duly licensed by the Laws in force to sell therein by retail Beer, Ale, Wine, or other Liquors, although the Room or Rooms thereof in which any such Liquors shall be exposed to sale, sold, drunk or consumed shall not be such Shop or Warehouse as aforesaid;

And also where any such Dwelling House shall be a Farmhouse occupied by a Tenant or Farm Servant, and bona fide used for the Purposes of Husbandry only,

There shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of such annual Value of any such Dwelling Houses the Sum of Sixpence;

And where any such Dwelling House shall not be occupied and used for any such Purpose and in manner aforesaid there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of such, annual Value thereof the Sum of Ninepence.

1851.

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

Cap. ay.

811

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited Times

the Acts herein-after specified Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain, which will expire on or before the End of the next Session of Parliament, diall be continued until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-four, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His Majesty for repairing the Road from Great Marlow in the County of Buckingham to Stokenchurch in the County of Oxford, an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and three, for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Meltham in the Parish of Almondbury to the Greenfield and Shepleg Lane Head Turnpike Road near Wesenden Head in the Township of Austonley in the West Riding of the County of York, and an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and thirty-four, for more effectually repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and except as herein-after mentioned.

II. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and no longer, unless Parliament shall in the meantime Continue the same respectively.

III. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in, legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression

The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1851."

IV. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

All Turnpike Acts which will expire before I the End of next Session continued to 1st Oct. 1852, &o>, with the following Exceptions:

5SG. S. c. xliv.

6G.4.C. ciii.

7 G.4. c«cxxxiv.

Acts in Schedule to this Act continued till 1st Nov. 1852.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act.

SCHEDULE.

An Act for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle 5S G. s. c. xxil to Heathfield, and from Robertsbridge to Hood's Comer, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts 53 G. s. e.xlilv of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill in the Parish of Wes-, terham in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road from Croydonto Godstone in the County of Surrey.

i

Hi

59 G. 8. c. ccviii. 54 G. 3. c. xxix.

54 G. 3. c. cxxv,

55 G, 3. f.xWiii.

56 G. 3. c. xlvii.

57 G. 3. c.xxviii.

58 G. 3. c.lxix.

59 G. 3. c. xli. 59 G. 3. c. 1.

59 G. 3. c.lxxxv« 59 G. 8. c. xcti.

tG. 4. c.lxxxi.

Cap. 37; Turnpike Acts Continuance* 14 & 15 VICT.

An Act for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill to Lindfield, and from the Cuckfield and Crawley Road to Horsham, and from Swingate to Shover Green, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road between North Shields and Newcastle-upon-Tyne to Morpeth Castle, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road to communicate therewith, all lying in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New^castle-under-Line to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and several other Roads therein described, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, so far as such Acts relate to the Second District of the said Roads.

An Act for repairing the Road from Sutton in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reignte, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Aldermaston to Basingstoke, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Berks and Southampton.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bramley in the County of Surrey to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton in the County of Northampton.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of aa Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Salop.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich in the County Palatine of Chester.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or One of them.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Road leading from the Turnpike Rood in the Parish of Asthall in the County of Oxford to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland in the County of Berks.

An

1851. Turnpike Acts Continuance> Cap. 37.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of King George the Second and of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge in the County of York.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to or near Tilbury Fort in the County of Essex.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the Road from Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey to Newbridge in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Broken-cross in Macclesfield in the County of Chester to the Turnpike Road at Buxton in the County of Derby, and certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road; and for making a new Road from the Waters in Macclesfield to Buxton aforesaid.

An Act for repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the and Road between Alnwick and Rothbury to Jockey's Dike Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads leading to Mid from Chepstow and other Places in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, called the District of Chepstow and the New Passage District

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester to or near Marple Bridge in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, near Marple Bridge aforesaid, to or near Thornset Gate in the County of Derby.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn at or near the Haw Passage in the County of Gloucester, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to Garstang in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud to Bisley in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bolton and Blackburn Road in Sharpies to the Blackburn and Preston Road in Hoghton in the County of Lancaster, called the Sharpies and Hoghton Turnpike Road.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Botley1 Turnpike Road on Curdridge Common in the Parish of Bishops Waltham to the Gosport Turnpike Road at or near

0 3 Filmer

_ by

213

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xi.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xxxiii.

1 & 2 G. 4.

C. XXXV.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xxxvi.

] 5c 2 G. 4. c. lxxxir.

3 G. 4. c. iL

3 G. 4. e. viii.

4 G. 4. c. i.

4 G.4. c. xiiL 4 G. 4. c. xiv. 4 G. 4. c. xxii.

4 G. 4. c. xWi.

214

Cap. 37.

Turnpike Acts Continuance. 14 & 15 Vict;

Filmer Hill in the Parish of West Meon, with a Branch from the said Road on Corhampton Down to the Village of Cor-hampton, all in the County of Southampton.

4 G. 4. c. xlvii. An Act for improving and repairing divers Roads in the

Counties of Stafford and Salop comprised in Three Districts called the Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton and Honnington District.

4G.4, c. Will An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Holehouse or Riding near Greenfield in Saddleworth, to join the Stayley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

4G.ic lxxix. An Act for better and more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey to a Place called Sheet-bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

5 G. 4. c. iii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Lord Nelson Public House upon the Road between Burnley and Colne in the Township of Marsden in the Parish of Whalley in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Gisburne in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Road leading from Skipton to Settle at or near Long Preston in the said West Riding of the County of York.

5 G. 4. c. xvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Marehill in the Parish of Pulborough, through Shipley, to the Direction Post on the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning at Southwater in the Parish of Horsham, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

5 G. 4. c. xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel to the Turnpike Road leading from Petworth to Stopham on Fittleworth Common in the County of Sussex.

.5 G. 4. c. xxix. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Redbrook to Saint Arvans in the County of Monmouth, and for building a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Wye, and for making other Turnpike Roads to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

5 G. 4. c. xxxii. An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from Whitchurch in the County of Salop to that Part of the Road leading from Nantwich in the County of Chester to Newcastle-under-Lyne in the County of Stafford which passes through the Township of Madeley in the said County of Stafford, and also from Hinstock in the said County of Salop to Nantwich aforesaid.

5 G. 4. c. lv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Blackburn to Preston, and Two Branches therefrom, and erecting a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Ribble, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

5 G. 4. c. lvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road leading from the Eastern Side of a certain Bridge called Spittle

n, Hill

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

Cap. 37. 215

Hill Bridge, over Moorgate Beck, in the Parish of Clarborough in the County of Nottingham, to Littleborough Ferry in the same County.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Cam- 5G.4. c.lx. bridge to Ely, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County, of Cambridge; and for making a Road from or near the Town of Littleport in the Isle of Ely to the Ferry or Floating Bridge over the Hundred Feet River in the Parish of Welney in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Porth- 5G. 4. c.cxri. dinllaen to or near Cerrig-y-Rhwydyr, and from Tan-y-Graig in the Parish of Bodvean to Pwllheli, and from thence to Llanystymdwy, and from Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr aforesaid to or near Capel Cerrig, and for making a Road from Pwllheli aforesaid to Penrhyndu in the Parish of Llanengan, all in the County of Caernarvon.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from 5 G.4. c.cxliiL the Road leading from Manchester to Bolton, to communicate with the Road from Bury to Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from 6 G.4. c. xii. Kirkby Stephen in the County of Westmoreland into the Sed-bergh and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same Turnpike Road to Hawes in the North Riding of the County of York, and a new Branch from Hawes aforesaid to the Village of Gayle in the Township of Hawes.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from 6G.4. c.xxxriii. Wakefield to join the Shepley Lane Head Turnpike Road in Denby Dale in the Parish of Penistone, with certain Branches, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from 6G.4.C. xlii. Eccleshill to Bradford in the County of York.

An Act for repairing the Road from Kingston-upon-Thames 6 G.4. c. xlvi. to Leatherhead in the County of Surrey.

An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining the Road 6 G. 4. c. lxxxvi. from Lockwood to Meltham, and the Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for improving the Road from Collingham in the 7G.4. c.xi. West Riding of the County of York to the City of York, and for making certain Diversions from such Road.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, 7 G. 4. c. lxxv. improving, and maintaining the Road from the Town of Alnwick in the County of Northumberland, by Eglingham and Chatton, to the Great North Turnpike Road near to Haggerston Toll Bar in the County of Durham.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving 7 G. 4. c.lxxxir. certain Roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

m

216

7G.4. c.lxxxviu.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. ir.

7 A 8 0.4. c.

7&8 G. 4. c.xix.

7 & 8 G.4. c.lxi.

9 G. 4. c. xi.

Trustees of insolvent Turnpike Trusts, with Consent of Two Thirds in Value of the Creditors, may apply for a Provisional Order for Reduction of Rate of Interest, or Extinguishment of Arrears.

Cap. 37, 38. Turnpike Acts Continuance. 14 & 15 VICT.

An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the Turnpike Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham in the County of York to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley in the County of Derby.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Temple Normanton in the Parish of Chesterfield to the Mansfield and Tibshelf Turnpike Road at or near Tibshelf Side Gate in the County of Derby.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Chappel's Corner in the Parish of Ashcott to join the Bristol Turnpike Road at or near Rowberrow Hill, all in the County of Somerset.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; and for repairing and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Romsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bury to Little Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the Acts continued by any of the Acts in this Schedule mentioned.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate Arrangements with the Creditors of Turnpike Trusts where the Re*-

i venues are insufficient to keep down the Interest on the ' Debts charged thereon Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Where the Revenues of any Turnpike Road in England applicable to the Payment of the Interest upon the Principal Money for the Time being charged or secured on the Tolls or Revenues of such Road are insufficient for the Payment in full of such Interest, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Commissioners of such Road, at any General Annual or other Meeting, Notice being given of such Meeting Twenty-one Days at the least before holding the same, and of the Purpose thereof (so far as the same relates to the Powers of this Act), in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County or Counties in which such Road is situate, to resolve that in case such Consents as herein-after mentioned of the Mortgagees be obtained, an Application be made to One of Her Majesty's

Principal

1851. Turnpike Trusts Arrangement Cap. 38.

Principal Secretaries of State for a Provisional Order to reduce the Rate of Interest on the Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the Tolls or Revenues of such Road, to such Amount as may be resolved on at such Meeting, and for extinguishing in whole or in part the Arrears of the Interest on such Debts, or for either of such Purposes; and where any such Resolution as aforesaid is made, such Trustees or Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given, by Advertisement or otherwise, of such Resolution, with such Information in relation to the Matter of the proposed Application, and the Consents required by this Act, as such Trustees or Commissioners may think fit; and in case it appear to such Trustees or Commissioners at any General Annual or other Meeting, that the Persons entitled to Two Thirds of the Money charged or secured on the Tolls or Revenues of such Road, and remaining unpaid, have signified in Writing under their Hands their Consent to the proposed Application, it shall be lawful for such Trustees or Commissioners to make an Application accordingly to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for a Provisional Order for such Reduction as aforesaid of the Rate of Interest on the said Debts, and for extinguishing in whole or in part the Arrears of Interest thereon, or for either of such Purposes; and such Application shall be signed by Three or more of such Trustees or Commissioners, who shall therein certify that the Consents required by this Act to such Application have been given.

II. All Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, and all Committees of the Estates of Idiots and Lunatics, who, as such, are for the Time being entitled to any Money charged or secured on the Tolls or Revenues of any such Road, may consent to any such Application as aforesaid, as fully as if they respectively were so entitled in their own Right, discharged of all Trusts in respect thereof, and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees so consenting are hereby severally indemnified for so doing.

III. It shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, if he think fit, after Receipt of any such Application as aforesaid, to make a Provisional Order under his Hand in pursuance of such Application; and such Secretary of State shall cause such Provisional Order to be published in such Manner as he. may think fit; and in case it be enacted by any Act of Parliament that such Provisional Order shall be confirmed and be absolute, such Provisional Order shall be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions thereof had been expressly enacted by Parliament; and every such Act shall be deemed a Public General Act.

IV. The Words " Implements of Husbandry," in Section Thirty-six of Chapter One hundred and twenty-six of the Statute of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, shall be deemed to include Threshing Machines; and the Word " Constable," in Section One of Chapter Eighty-eight of the Statute

Slf

Power to Executors, &c. to consent.

Secretary of State may make a Provisional Order in pursuance of the Application; which Order to be binding if confirmed by Parliament.

Construction of Terms.

Sit Cap. 38, 39. Turnpike Trusts Arrangement. 14 & 15 Vict,

of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, shall be deemed to include Superintending Constables appointed under the Statute of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to exempt Burgesses and Freemen in certain Cases from the Operation of an Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements.

[24th July 1851.]

2 & s W. 4. i IN WHEREAS by Section Thirty-two of the Act of the Ses-

c. 45. s. 32. t gjon Parliament holden in the Second and Third

i Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-five, it is ' provided, that every Person who would have been entitled

to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve

in any future Parliament for any City or Borough not in- eluded in the Schedule marked (A.) to that Act annexed,

either as a Burgess or Freeman, or in the City of London, as ' a Freeman and Liveryman, if that Act had not been passed, should be entitled to vote in such Election, provided such Person should be duly registered according to the Provisions therein-after contained; but that no Person should be so re-

s. S3.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 99.

Right of voting reserved by recited Provisions of 2&SW. 4.C. 45.

gistered in any Year unless he should on the last Day of July in that Year be qualified in such Manner as would entitle him then to vote if such Day was the Day of Election, and that Act had not been passed: And whereas by Section Thirty-three of the said Act it is provided, that any Person then having a Right to vote in the Election for any City or Borough, except as therein mentioned, in virtue of any other Qualification than as a Burgess or Freeman or as a Freeman and Liveryman, or in the Case of a City or Town being a 4 County of itself as a Freeholder or Burgage Tenant as therein-before mentioned, should retain such Right of voting so long as he should be qualified as an Elector according to the Usage and Custom of such City or Borough, or any Law then in force subject as in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Ninety-nine, so far as it may affect the Rights reserved by the said several Sections of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Where any Person to whom a Right of voting was retained or reserved by the recited Provisions of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth is or shall be the Occupier of any such Tenement as in the

Cjj said

185L Burgesses and Freemeii's Parliamentary Franchise. C*39, 40t

said Act of the last Session of Parliament mentioned, and the Owner of such Tenement has been or shall be rated to the Belief of the Poor instead of the Occupier thereof, and such Owner shall have paid all Money due on account of any Bate or Rates in respect of such Tenement, or such Occupier shall have tendered the Amount thereof in the Manner prescribed by such Act, such Occupier shall be entitled, not only to the Municipal Privileges and Franchises reserved to him by such Act, but also to all such Bight of voting at Elections of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City or Borough, and all other Bights and Privileges, as such Oocu-pier would have been entitled to under the recited Provisions of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, and the other Provisions of such Act, and any Acts amending the same, relating to the Bight of voting so retained or reserved, if such Occupier had been himself rated in respect of such Tenement, and had duly paid or tendered the Bate or Rates to which he was liable in consequence of such Bating.

II. That the Word "Tenement" in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be construed to mean any House, Cottage, Apartment, or Building, and Land in the same Parish held with the same or any of them, but shall not include any other Land or corporeal Hereditament.

III. That the Words "Bates for the Belief of the Poor " in the said recited Act of last Session of Parliament shall be construed to mean Rates for the Belief of the Poor and for other Purposes chargeable thereon according to Law; and that the Owners of any Tenements who shall be liable to be rated in respect of such Tenements to any such Bate by virtue of the same Act shall also be liable to be rated to any Bate or Rates authorized to be assessed and levied by the Second Section of the Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five.

CAP. XL.

An Act for Marriages in India.

[24th July 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law of Marriages

in India: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In every Case of Marriage intended to be solemnized in India after the Commencement of this Act, where One or both of the Parties is or are a Person or Persons professing the Christian Religion, such Marriage may be solemnized under the Provisions of this Act; and where such Marriage is intended to be so solemnized, One of the Parties shall give Notice in

(JWriting

Sit

to Poaoas fthti

entitled aot to be affected by the Change of Rating under 13 & 14 Vict. c. 99.

Construction of the Words " Tenement, *

and u Rates for the Relief of the Poor."

Marriage of Christians in India may be solemnized under this Act. Notice of intended Marriage to be

320

14 & 15 VICT.

given to the Marriage Registrar for the District.

Certificate of Notice to be issued on Request.

[Proviso.]

Who to give Consent if Parties under Age.

Issue of Registrar's Certificate may be forbidden.

Cap. 40. Marriages (India).

Writing to the Marriage Registrar to be appointed under the Provisions of this Act for the District within which the Parties shall have dwelt for such Period then next preceding as by such Laws or Regulations as herein-after mentioned may be required, or, if the Parties dwell in the Districts of different Marriage Registrars shall give the like Notice to the Marriage Registrar for each District; and every such Notice shall be in such Form and contain such Particulars as may be prescribed by such Laws or Regulations, and shall be open for Inspection and published as by such Laws or Regulations may be provided.

II. The Marriage Registrar, upon being requested so to do by or on behalf of the Party by whom the Notice was given, and One of the Parties intending Marriage having made Oath or Declaration as herein-after required, shall issue under his Hand a Certificate of such Notice having been given, and of such Oath or Declaration having been made; provided no lawful Impediment according to the Law of England be shown to the Satisfaction of the Marriage Registrar why such Certificate should not issue, and the Issue of such Certificate have not been sooner forbidden, in manner herein-after mentioned, by any Person or Persons by this Act authorized in that Behalf: Provided always, that where by such Oath or Declaration it appears that One of the Parties intending Marriage (not being a Widower or Widow) is under Twenty-one Years of Age, the Marriage Registrar shall not issue such Certificate until the Expiration of such Period after the giving of such Notice as may be in this Behalf provided by such Laws or Regulations as herein-after mentioned.

III. The Father, if living, of any Party under Twenty-one Years of Age, such Party not being a Widower or Widow, or, if the Father be dead, the Guardian or Guardians of the Person of the Party so under Age lawfully appointed, or One of them, and in case there be no such Guardian, then the Mother of such Party, if unmarried, shall have Authority to give Consent to the Marriage of such Party; and such Consent is hereby required for the Marriage of such Party so under Age, unless there be no Person authorized to give such Consent resident in India.

IV. Every Person whose Consent to a Marriage is required as aforesaid is hereby authorized to forbid, in such Manner as may be provided by such Laws or Regulations as herein-after mentioned, the Issue of the Marriage Registrar's Certificate; and in case the Issue of any such Certificate be so forbidden the Notice and all Proceedings thereupon shall be utterly void: Provided always, that (subject to such Laws and Regulations) if either of the Parties intending Marriage allege that the Person forbidding the Issue of such Certificate is not authorized by Law so to do, the Marriage Registrar shall examine into such Allegation, and if he be satisfied that such Person is not authorized as aforesaid shall act in like Manner, and the like Proceedings may be had under this Act in relation to

1851,

Marriages (India).

Cap. 40.

321!

such Marriage, ae if the Issue of such Certificate had not been forbidden by such Person.

V. If any Person whose Consent is necessary to any Marriage Supreme Court

under this Act shall be non compos mentis, or if any such Person of *

(other than the Father) shall, without just Cause withhold his trict or her Consent to a Marriage, the Parties intending Marriage lieve where may apply by Petition, where the Person whose Consent is c^nSC"t necessary is resident within any of the Towns of Calcutta, y Wl " Madras, and Bombay, to the Supreme Court of Judicature established by Royal Charter in the Presidency or Place in which such Person is resident, or if such Person be not resident within any of the said Towns, then to the Judge of the Zillah or like District within which such Person is resident, or to such other Person as may for this Purpose be appointed under the Laws or Regulations herein-after mentioned; and the said Supreme Court or any Judge thereof or such Judge of the Zillah or District, or such other Person, shall be empowered to examine the Allegations of the Petition in a summary Way; and if upon such Examination such Marriage appear proper, such Supreme Court or any Judge thereof, or such Judge of the Zillah or District, or such other Person, shall declare the same to be so, and such Declaration shall be as good and effectual as if the Person whose Consent was needed had consented to the Marriage; and in case such Person has forbidden the Issue of the Marriage Registrar's Certificate, such Certificate shall be issued, and the like Proceedings may be had under this Act in relation to the Marriage, as if the Issue of such Certificate had not been forbidden by such Person, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Before any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be issued ^tfonto^m^e by any Marriage Registrar, One of the Parties intending befote Issue of Marriage shall appear personally before such Marriage Re- Certificate.

S'strar, and shall make Oath, or shall make his or her solemn eclaration instead of an Oath, that he or she believeth. that there is not any Impediment of Kindred or Affinity or other lawful Hindrance to the said Marriage, and that both the Parties to the intended Marriage have, or (where the Parties have dwelt in the Districts of different Marriage Registrars) that the Party making such Oath or Declaration hath, for the Period required by such Laws or Regulations as are hereinafter mentioned, had their, his, or her usual Place of Abode within the District of such Marriage Registrar, and where either or each of the Parties, not being a Widower or Widow, is under the Age of Twenty-one Years, that the Consent of the Person or Persons whose Consent to such Marriage is required by Law has been obtained thereto, or that there is no Person resident within the Territories under the Government of the East India Company having Authority to give such Consent, as the Case may be: Provided always, that where under the foregoing Provision the said Supreme Court or a

Judge

m

Protest against

Issue of Certificate may be entered.

Appeal where Registrar refuses Certificate.

After Issue of Certificate,

be^toivmnizpii in the Presence of Marriage Registrar and Two Witnesses.

Cap. 40. Marriages (India). 14 & 15 VICT-

Judge thereof, or such Judge of the Zillah or like District, or such other Person as aforesaid, declares the Marriage to be proper, it shall not be necessary to make Oath or declare that such Consent has been obtained to such Marriage.

VII. Any Person may, in manner provided by such Laws or Regulations, enter a Protest with the Marriage Registrar against the Issue of a Certificate for the Marriage of any Person named therein; and if any Protest be so entered, no Certificate shall issue until the Marriage Registrar shall have examined into the Matter of the Protest, and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the Issue of the Certificate for the said Marriage, or until the Protest be withdrawn by the Party who entered the same.

VIII. In all Cases whatsoever where the Marriage Registrar has refused such Certificate as aforesaid, it shall be lawftd for either of the Parties intending Marriage to apply by Petition, where the District of such Registrar is within any of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, to the Supreme Court of Judicature established by Royal Charter in the Presidency or Place within which such District is comprised, or if such District be not within any of the said Towns then to the Judge of the Zillah or like District within which the same ia comprised, or to such other Person as may for this Purpose be appointed by the Laws or Regulations herein-after mentioned; and the said Supreme Court or any Judge thereof, or such Judge of the Zillah or like District, or such other Person, shall be empowered to examine the Allegations of the Petition in a summary Way, and shall decide thereon; and the Decision of such Supreme Court or a Judge thereof, or of such Judge of the Zillah or like District, or of such other Person, shall be final, and the Marriage Registrar to whom the Application was originally made shall proceed in accordance therewith, anything herein-before contained notwithstanding.

IX- After the Issue of the Certificate of the Marriage Registrar, or, where Notice is required to be given under this Act to the Marriage Registrars for different Districts, after the Issue of the Certificates of the Marriage Registrars for such Districts, Marriage may be solemnized between and by the Parties described in such Certificate or Certificates, according to such Form and Ceremony as they may see fit to adopt; provided nevertheless, that every such Marriage shall be solemnized between such Hours as shall be fixed by the Laws or Regulations herein-after mentioned, in the Presence of some Marriage Registrar, to whom shall be delivered such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, and of Two or more Witnesses; provided also, that in some Part of the Ceremony each of the Parties shall declare,

I do solemnly declare, That I know not of any lawful Impediment why I, A.B., may not be joined in Matrimony to CD .; ' or shall declare to the like Effect.

And

Cap. 40.

1851. Marriage* (India) *

9S3

And each of the Parties shall say to the other,

I call upon these Persons here present to witness,

That I, A.B.> do take thee, C. 2X, to be my lawful

wedded Wife [or Husband]; ' or Words to the like

Effect.

Provided also, that there be no lawful Impediment to the Marriage of such Parties.

X. Whenever a Marriage is not had within Three Calendar When Marriage Months after the Notice shall have been so entered by the i* not had Marriage Registrar, the Notice, and the Certificate which may Montha^S? have been issued thereupon, and all other Proceedings there- Notice, a new upon, shall be utterly void; and no Person shall proceed to Notice required, solemnize the Marriage, nor shall any Marriage Registrar

register the same, until new Notice shall have been given, and Entry made, and Certificate thereof given, at the Time and in the Manner aforesaid.

XI. After the Solemnization of any Marriage under this Marriages to be Act the Marriage Registrar present at the Solemnization registered, thereof shall forthwith register such Marriage in duplicate, that

is to say, in a Marriage Register Book according to the Form of Schedule to this Act annexed, and also in a Certificate attached to the Marriage Register Book, as a Counterfoil; and the Entry of such Marriage in both the Certificate and the Marriage Register Book shall be signed by the Person by or before whom the Marriage has been solemnized, if there be any such Person, and by the Marriage Registrar present at such Marriage, whether or not the Marriage is solemnized by him, and also by the Parties married, and attested by Two Witnesses; and every such Entry shall be made in Order from the Beginning to the End of the Book, and the Number of the Certificate shall correspond with that of the Entry in the Marriage Register Book.

XII. The Marriage Registrar shall forthwith separate the Certificate of

Certificate from the Marriage Register Book, and transnyt it, MarUgestobe at the End of every Month, to the Secretary to the Govern- to

meat of the Presidency or Place within which he resides, or to the Secretary of such other Officer as may for this Purpose be appointed under ^e Govern" the Laws or Regulations herein-after mentioned; and if no ment' Marriage have been registered during such Month, the Marriage Registrar shall certify such Fact under his Hand, and

such Certificate shall be transmitted as aforesaid; and the Marriage Registrar shall keep safely the said Register Book until it be filled, and shall then transmit the same to the Secretary to the Government, or to such other Officer as aforesaid, to be kept by him with the Records of his Office; provided that with regard to those Marriages so certified, of which it may appear to the Governor General in Council desirable that Evidence should be transmitted to England, the Secretary to the Government, or such other Officer as aforesaid, shall, at the End of every Three Calendar Months in each Year, send all the Certificates of Marriage sent to him as aforesaid during such Three

" by (^MonthS

Proof of Residence of Parties or Consent not necessary to establish JVlar-riage.

Registrar may ask certain Particulars of Parties.

Persons vexatiously entering Protests liable to Costs and Damages.

Punishment of Persons making false Oath or Declaration.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Government of each Presidency may appoint Marriago Registrars, &c. Governor General may appoint in certain Cases.

Government of each Presidency may appoint Fees to be taken under this Act, to be accounted for by Marriage Registrars.

Cap. 40.

Marriages (India).

14 & 15 YftaS

Months, signed by him) to the Secretary of the East Indih Company, for the Purpose of being delivered to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages , in England.

XIII. After any Marriage has been solemnized under this Act, it shall not be necessary, in support of £uch Marriage, to give any Proof in respect of the Dwelling of the Parties, or of the Consent of any Person whose Consent is thereunto required by Law, nor shall any Evidence be given to prove the contrary, in any Suit touching the Validity of such Marriage.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Marriage Registrar before whom any Marriage is solemnized according to the Provisions of this Act to ask of the Parties to be married the several Particulars required to be registered touching such Marriage.

XV. Every Person who shall enter a Protest with the Marriage Registrar, against the Issue of any Certificate on Grounds which such Marriage Registrar, or the Supreme Court of the Presidency or Place, or any Judge thereof, or the Judge of the Zillah or like District, or other Person, to whom upon the Refusal of such Certificate an Application is authorized by this Act, declares to be frivolous, and such as ought not to obstruct the Issue of the Certificate, shall be liable for the Costs of all Proceedings in relation thereto, and for Damages, to be re-, covered by Suit by the Party against whose Marriage such Protest was entered.

XVI. Every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully make any false Oath or false Declaration, or sign any false Notice or Certificate, required by this Act, or by any such Laws or Regulations as herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of procuring any Marriage, and every Person who shall forbid the Issue of any Marriage Registrar's Certificate by falsely representing himself or herself to be a Person whose Consent to such Marriage is required by Law, knowing such Representation to be false, shall, on Conviction, be liable to be punished in such Manner as by such Laws or Regulations may be provided.

XVII. Every Prosecution under this Act shall be commenced within such Time after the Offence committed as by such Laws or Regulations may be provided.

XVIII. The Government of each Presidency or Place in India may appoint Marriage Registrars for the Purposes of this Act, and may assign Districts to the Registrars so to be appointed; and in respect of any Places within the Territories of any Native Prince or State in alliance with the East India Company, the Governor General of India in Council may appoint such Marriage Registrars and assign to them Districts.

XIX. The Government of each such Presidency and Place may from Time to Time appoint reasonable Fees to be taken of the Parties intending Marriage, for receiving and publishing Notices of Marriage, and for issuing Certificates, entering Protests, and registering Marriages under this Act; and all such Fees shall be accounted for and paid over by the Marriage Registrars to the Government Treasury, and the Government

Shall

1861. Marriages (India).' Cap. 40.

shall provide all necessary Books and Papers for giving Effect to the Provisions of this Act.

XX. It shall be lawful for the Governor General of India in Council from Time to Time, by Laws and Regulations (not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act) to be made in the Manner and subject to the Provisions by Law required in respect of Laws and Regulations made by the said Governor General in Council, to provide for the Inspection and Publication of Notices of Marriage given under this Act, for the Custody and Protection from Injury of Marriage Register Books, for Appeals from and References in Cases of Doubt by the Marriage Registrars in relation to Marriages forbidden or Protests entered under this Act, for fixing the Hours between which Marriages may be solemnized under this Act, for appointing the Officers to whom Certificates are to be transmitted by the Marriage Registrars, and generally for giving Effect to the Provisions of this Act.

XXI. Nothing herein contained shall invalidate or affect any Marriage which may be solemnized in India by Persons in Holy Orders, or any Marriages which may be solemnized under the Provisions of the Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-four, or any other Marriages which under the Laws for the Time being in force in India might have been there solemnized in case this Act had not been passed: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Governor General of India in Council, from Time to Time, by Laws and Regulations to be made as aforesaid, to provide for the Registration of any Marriages solemnized in India by Persons in Holy Orders, or of any Marriages there solemnized under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-four, or of any other Marriages there solemnized, of which it may appear to the said Governor General in Council desirable that Evidence should be transmitted to England, and to provide for the Care and Custody of the Registers of such Marriages, and for the Transmission of Certificates thereof to the Secretaries of the Governments of the respective Presidencies, or to other Officers, and for their sending the same to the Secretary of the East India Company, for the Purpose of being delivered to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and also to provide for the Authentication of suen Certificates.

XXII. The Certificates which shall be delivered to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, under this Act, or under any Laws or Regulations to be made thereunder, shall be kept in the General Register Office, in the same Manner, and Indexes thereof shall be made and Searches permitted, and Copies thereof, sealed or stamped with the Seal of the General Register Office, shall be given, in the like Manner as by the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh

225

Governor General in Council empowered to make Laws and Regulations for the Purposes of this Act

Marriages may

continue to be solemnized as heretofore.

Power to Governor General in Council to make Laws for the Registration of Marriages not solemnized under this Act

Certificates delivered to Registrar General under this Act, or under any Laws or Regulations made thereunder, to be subject to the Provisions of G&7 W. 4. c. 86.

226

Marriages

under this Act valid.

Certain Marriages in India confirmed.

Interpretation of " India."

[Commencement of Act.]

Publication of Act.

Cap. 40. Marriages (India). 14 & 15 VICT.

Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-six, is provided concerning the certified Copies (kept in such Office under the said Act) of the Registers of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England; and every certified Copy, purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the said General Register Office, of any such Certificate delivered to the said Registrar General under this Act, or under such Laws or Regulations, shall be received as Evidence of the Marriage to which the same relates, without further Proof of such Certificate, or of any Entry therein.

XXIII. All Marriages solemnized under this Act shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIV. And whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubt concerning the Validity of Marriages heretofore solemnized ' in India by Persons not in Holy OrdersAll such Marriages, if not otherwise invalid, shall be deemed and held to be valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV. In the Construction of this Act the Word India99 shall include all Territories for the Time being under the Government of the East India Company, and all Territories of any Native Princes or States in alliance with the said Company.

XXVI. This Act shall, so far as respects the Authority to make such Appointments, Laws, and Regulations as are herein authorized to be made, commence and take effect from and after the passing thereof, and as to all other Matters and Things commence and take effect from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, or such other Day as the Governor General of India shall direct

XXVII. The Governor General of India, and the Governors of the several Presidencies in India, shall cause this Act to be published Three Times in each of the Government Gazettes of the several Presidencies, the first of such Publications to be made within Six Weeks after this Act shall have been received in such respective Presidencies.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

MARRIAGE REGISTER BOOK. CERTIFICATE OF MARRIAGE.

Whether Rank RMU.no. Rank Whether Rank Residence li Rank

When Name of Con- or at the Father's Name or Pro- When Name of Con- or at the or Pro-

Vo. and foil Age fession No. and foil Age Time of fession

married. dition. Pro- Time of and married. di tioa. Pro- and of Father.

Surname. or a Minor. fessioa. Marriage. Surname. of Father. Surname. or a, Minor. fession. Marriage. Surname.

1 17IA May 1851. William Smith. OfAJnU Age. Bachelor Surgeon 4, CUoo Street, Barrackpore. John Smith. Esquire. 1 17fA Mag 1851. WitUam Smith. Of full Age. Bachelor Surgeon 4, Clive'Street. Barrackpore. John Smith. Esquire.

Anne i Minor. Widow Janus Esquire. Anne Minor Widow James Esquire.

Green. Hastings. Green. Hastings.

to

Married In the House of A.B. by [or before] me,

William Johnson, Marriage Registrar.

ThU Marriage waa tolen-f Wiuim* th* Prwow. off Prter *" *

UjV niled between ua, \jm* Oran, } " *

Q

Q

OC

Married in the House otA.B. by [or before] me,

William John *, Marriage Registrar.

This Marriage was solem- f Wi9tam in the Presence off JMer *

nised between us, {Anne Green, j {James Heatings.

t

to

to

1851. Marriage$ (India). Cap. 40.

Cap. 41, 42.

2 & 3 W. 4, c. 11$.

Chief Justices Salaries.

CAP. XLI.

14 & 15 VICT.

An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session holden in the Second

* and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, the annual Salary to be granted to the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster is fixed at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the annual Salary to be granted to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster at the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds: And whereas from the Death of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Tenterden the Salary of Eight thousand Pounds has been granted to and accepted by the Chief Justice for the Time being of the said Court of Queen's Bench instead of the said Salary of Ten thousand Pounds: And whereas the Salary of Seven thousand Pounds has been granted to and accepted by the present Chief Justice of the said Court of Common Pleas instead of the Salary of Eight thousand Pounds fixed by the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Salaries of the said Offices of Chief Justice of the said Court of Queen's Bench and Chief Justice of the said Court of Common Pleas should be regulated as hereinafter mentioned:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Salaries of Chief Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Queen's Bench Salary payable to the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's and Common Bench at Westminster shall be (and shall as from the Time of the Death of the said Charles Lord Tenterden be deemed to have been) reduced to the yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, and the Salary payable to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster shall be (and shall as from the Time of the Resignation of such Office by the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Truro be deemed to have been) reduced to the yearly Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, such Salaries respectively to be subject to the Provisions of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth concerning the Salaries granted under the Authority of that Act.

Pleas.

10G. 4. c. 50.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Tenth Year of King George

the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, the Possessions and Land

Revenues of the Crown to which the said Act relates, in

England

1851.

229

Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42.

4 England or Wales, in Ireland, in the Isle of Man and its Dependencies, and the Isle of Alderney, were placed or continued under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of their Successors, to be from Time to Time appointed as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to appoint,

4 in the Place of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's

Works and Public Buildings, any Persons, not exceeding Three in Number, to be Commissioners for performing the Duties

and exercising the Powers then performed and exerciseable

by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and

Land Revenues, and the Duties and Powers then performed

and exerciseable by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; the Persons so appointed to be

called The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings:" And whereas under and by virtue of another Act of the same Session, Chapter One hundred and twelve, and an Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, 4 Chapter Sixty-nine, the Land Revenues of the Crown in Scot- JonrfYexcept as by the said Acts excepted) were placed under *4heManag ement of the said Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works,

1 and Buildings: And whereas the Powers of such Commissioners in relation to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown have been altered and extended by other Acts of Parliament: And whereas by the several Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act certain Duties and Powers have been imposed on and vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, for and in relation to the Improvement of the Metropolis, and the other Purposes in such Acts mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the Direction of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and such of the Duties imposed on the said Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth as do not concem the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, should be separated from the Management of such Possessions and Land Revenues:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the Commencement of this Act the Person vfho may then be the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall

2 & 3 W.4. e.l.

2&SW.4.

c. 112.

3&4V.4. c. 69.

Style of First Commissioner of Works, &e» and Comal#- ..

230

rionen of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue *

Commissioners of Woods, &c. under this Act to perform the Duties of the present Commissioners of Woods, Ac., except as otherwise provided by this Act.

Powers of borrowing on Mortgage under 4 & 5 Vict c. 40. and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 1. to be rested in Commissioners under this Act, and to be exercised only lor discharging

Cap. 42. Wood *, Forests, $c. 14 & 15 VICT.

be First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, and the Persons who at the Time of the Commencement of this Act may be Commissioners of He* Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, except such First Commissioner, shall be Commissioners under this Act, by the Style of "The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues," and the Persons so to become respectively on the passing of this Act First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall continue to hold their respective Offices during Her Majesty's Pleasure, and no longer, and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, upon the Death of such Persons respectively, or on their Resignation or Removal of or from such respective Offices, and from Time to Time thereafter, by Warrant under Her Rbyal Sign Manual, to appoint some other Persons to such respective Offices during Her Majesty's Pleasure.

II. Except as otherwise herein provided, all Duties and Powers which if this Act had not been passed would have been performed and exercised, and all Rights, Privileges, Hereditaments, Properties, and Exemptions whatsoever enjoyed by or vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, shall be performed and exercised, enjoyed or vested, by and in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being under this Act; and, except as otherwise provided by this Act, all Acts of Parliament, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments in which the Commissioners or First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or the Commissioners or First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, are or is named or mentioned, shall apply to the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under this Act, as if such last-mentioned Commissioners had been originally named or mentioned in such Acts of Parliament, and named or mentioned in or made Parties to such Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments respectively, instead of the Commissioners or Commissioner named or mentioned therein, or made Parties or Party thereto.

III. All such Powers of borrowing Money on Mortgage and other Powers as are vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and BuildingB by the Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty, and the Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One, shall be vested in and may be exercised by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under this Act, with such Consent

and

1851. Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42.

and Approbation and in such Manner as by the said Acts pro-tided in relation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and for the Purposes of such Acts the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be a Corporation, in the Place of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings: Provided always, that so much of the said Acts as relates to the Purposes for which Money is to be borrowed under the said Acts, and the Application thereof, shall be repealed, and such Money shall and may be borrowed under the said Acts as amended by this Act for the Purpose of discharging any Mortgage Debt or Charge for the Time being affecting the Land Revenues of the Crown, and for no other Purpose, and such Money shall be applied accordingly: Provided also, that the Receipts in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be sufficient Discharges for any Money so borrowed to the Persons or Bodies advancing the same, and such Persons or Bodies shall not be bound to see to the Application thereof

IV. So much of the said Acts of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, and of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One, as relates to the Salary of the First Commissioner, and so much of the said Acts as makes the Salaries of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues chargeable on the annual Income thereof, shall be repealed; and the Salaries of such Commissioners, and of the Officers, Clerks, and Messengers in the Office of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall be defrayed out of such Monies as shall be from Time to Time provided by Parliament.

Y. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, as they may see fit, by Order under their Hands, to assign to each of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues the Management or Direction of or in relation to any separate Part or Parts of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under the Management of such Commissioners, and to assign to each of such Commissioners any of the Duties or Powers which but for such Assignment should or might be performed or exercised by such Commissioners jointly, and all Acts in relation to the Management or Direction, Duties or Powers, assigned as aforesaid to each of such Commissioners, may be done by the Commissioner to whom the same is or are assigned, and shall be as valid and effectual as if done by both such Commissioners; and neither of such Commissioners shall be responsible in respect of the Acts done by the other of them alone under this Provision, but each shall be responsible for his own Acts; and no Person, or Body Politic* Corporate, or Collegiate, claiming under any Deed or Instrument made or purporting to be made by One of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land

P 4 Revenues,

231

listing

Charges.

Salaries of Commissioners of Woods, Ac.

Treasury may assign separate Duties to each Commissioner.

322

Deeds to be enrolled.

Officers in Office of Woods, &c. to continue.

As to Appointment and Removal of Officers in future.

Cap. 42. Woods, Forests, £c. 14 & 15 Vict.

Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, and duly enrolled, shall be bound to inquire whether such Commissioner was authorized by any such Order as aforesaid or otherwise to make the same, but every Deed or Instrument which purports to be made by One of such Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall, after the same has been duly enrolled, be good, valid, and effectual as against Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes for which the same has been executed.

VI. So much of the firstly-recited Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, or of any other Act of Parliament, as provides that in Cases of Sales of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, where the Purchase Money shall not amount to the Sum of One hundred Founds, it shall not be necessary to enrol the Conveyances by which such Sales shall be carried into effect, shall be repealed; and all Deeds or Instruments whereby any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England or Wales, shall be hereafter purchased, sold, leased, charged, or exchanged, under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act now in force relating to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, shall, without Reference to the Amount of the Purchase Money or other Consideration for the same, be enrolled in the Office of Land Revenue Records or Enrolments within the same Time and subject to the same Regulations and Provisions in all respects as by the said Acts or any of them is required or provided with respect to such Deeds or Instruments in Cases where the Purchase Money or other Consideration for the same amounts to or exceeds the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that in all or any Cases in which the Purchase Money or other Consideration shall not amount in Value to the Sum of One hundred Pounds it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct by whom the Fees payable for the Enrolment of any such Deeds or Instruments as aforesaid shall be paid; and in all Cases in which the Purchase or other Consideration shall not amount in Value to the Sum of One hundred Pounds, the Deposit in the said Office, and the filing by the Keeper of the Records and Enrolments, of a Duplicate of the Deed or Instrument (either wholly written, or partly written and partly printed,) shall be deemed a sufficient and complete Enrolment.

VII. Subject to the Powers herein given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in relation to such Officers, the Officers who at the Commencement of this Act are in the Department or under the Control and Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall be in the Department or under the Control and Direction of and shall be removable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and all Officers hereafter to be appointed for such Department shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

1SSI.

Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42. 3SS

Majesty's Treasury, and may be removed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

VIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Treasury may missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time to abolish

or reduce any Office or Offices in the Department or under Department of the Control and Direction of the Commissioners of Her Ma- Wood* &c. jesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under this Act, or any Office or Offices connected with the Management of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, or the Collection and Receipt of the Income thereof, which to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may appear useless, and to make such Compensation as they may deem reasonable to the Holders of any Offices to be abolished or reduced, or to moke any Arrangement in relation to any Office, or the Performance of the Duties thereof, which may appear to them expedient, reference being always had in respect to the Grant of such Compensation to the Provisions and Enactments of the Act 4 & 5 William 4th, Cap. 24., in so far as relates to the Rates of Grants and Periods of Service.

IX. Except as otherwise provided by this Act, and sub- Monies in ject to the Powers vested in the Commissioners of Her Ma- g^ jesty's Treasury under this Act, all Monies which at the transferred to Time of the Commencement of this Act shall be in the Bank new Commis-ef England, in the Bank of Ireland, in the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in any other Bank, placed to the Credit of any ood8' Account or Accounts under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall forthwith be transferred, and the Governors and Managers of such Banks respectively are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same Monies respectively, to the Credit of a like Account under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and all Government Annuities, Stocks, Funds, and Securities which at the Time aforesaid shall be standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall forthwith be transferred, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required and authorized to transfer the same, into the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

X. And whereas by the said Act of the Second and Third Commissioner! Years of King William the Fourth it is enacted, that any One of w<x*?*\&c *

of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, House ofm

Works, and Buildings for the Time being, and no more, shall Commons.

be capable of sitting and voting as a Member of the House of

4 Commons: '

The said recited Enactment shall be repealed; and neither of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and

Land

tU Cap. 42. Wood *, > 14 & 15 Vict,

Power to place Woods, &c. under the Management of a Surveyor General.

Power to appoint Surveyor General

Surveyor General to have all the Duties and Powers of the Commissioners of Wood* &c.

Land Revenues for the Time being under this Act shall be capable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XI. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty at any Time here* after, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, in case Her Majesty so think fit, to order that Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be under the Management of a Surveyor General, as herein provided.

XII. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, after the making of such Order, by Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, to appoint a Person to be during Her Majesty's Pleasure " The Surveyor General of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues;" and there shall be paid to such Surveyor General for the Time being such Salary, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, as shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XIII. From and after the First Appointment of the Surveyor General of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues as aforesaid, the Appointment of Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall cease; and all Duties, Powers, Rights, Privileges, Hereditaments, Properties^ and Exemptions whatsoever which if such Appointment of a Surveyor General had not been made would or might have been performed, exercised, or enjoyed by or vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, shall be performed, exercised, and enjoyed by and vested in the said Surveyor General for the Time being; and all Acts of Parliament, Deeds, Bonds, Contracts, Agreements, and other Instruments in which the Commissioner! of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues are named or mentioned, or which under the Provisions of this Act are applicable to such Commissioners, shall apply to such Surveyor General for the Time being, in like Manner as they would have been applicable to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under this Act, and in the Stead of such Commissioners.

A professional Land Surveyor maybe appointed as an Itinerant Surveyor.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Hot Majesty's Treasury, after the Appointment of such Surveyor General as aforesaid, to appoint a Person, being by Education and Profession a Land Surveyor, to be an Itinerant Surveyor of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to assign to such Itinerant Surveyor such Duties and Powers, to be exercised under the Control and Direction of the Surveyor General, in relation to the Management of the said Possessions and Land Revenues, as such Commissioners may think fit; and such Salary shall be paid to such Itinerant Surveyor as may be from Time to Time appointed by the said Commissioners, and he shall be removable from such Office by the said Commissioners, if they see fit.

XV. Her

Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42. MB

XV. Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Appointment Time being, and the President and Vice President for the Time being of the Committee of Council appointed for the Considers- of Work* and tion of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, Public Build-ehall by virtue of their respective Offices be Commissioners of 1Dg# *

Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in conjunction with the Person who for the Time being shall be First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, and shall with such Person be styled The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings."

XVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Ma- Appointment jesty's Works and Public Buildings, from Time to Time, with Arduteet *, the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury,

to appoint or employ such Architects, Surveyors, and other Officers of a similar Character, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings may deem necessary; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers (except such Officers as aforesaid) as they may deem necessary for the Business of the said Department; and the Officers for the Time being of the said Department, or any of them, may be removed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Public Works and Buildings.

XVII. There shall be paid to the First Commissioner of Salarie*.

* Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings " such Salary, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the said Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers such Salaries as

shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; but no Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, other than such First Commissioner, shall have any Salary for acting in the Execution of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Treury may Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct that all or

any of the Surveyors, Clerks, or Officers employed at the Office of Commencement of this Act by the Commissioners of Her Ma- Wood *, &c. to jesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the Office of wholly or in part, in relation to the Duties to be performed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Pub- Work *, &c. T He Buildings, be transferred to and employed by such last-mentioned Commissioners: Provided also, that such Transfer, or the Employment or Appointment to Office under the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, of any Person now employed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be deemed to be a continuing Employment, and shall not prejudice any Claims which such Person might have been hela to possess in respect of Continuity or Length of Public Service if no such Transfer or Appointment had been made.

XIX. The Salaries of the Surveyors, Clerks, and Officers SaUrie* of transferred as aforesaid, and all Charges in relation thereto, tnB0a

39)Kai

First Commissioner of Works may sit in the House of Commons.

Commissioners of Works, &c. to perform the Duties formerly performed by Surveyor General.

Duties of Commissioners of Woods, &c. in relation to Royal Parks, &c., and under the Acts in Schedule, vested in Commissioners of Works.

Cap. 42. Woods, Forests, &c. 14 & 15 VICT.

shall cease to be chargeable on the annual Income of the Foe* sessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and shall be paid as herein provided concerning the other Expenses of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

XX. The First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall be capable of being elected and of sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons; and no Person who shall first be appointed or become such First Commissioner upon the Commencement of this Act, and shall be at the Time of such Commencement First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, having at the Time of such Appointment a Seat in the Commons House of Parliament, shall, by reason of such Appointment, thereby vacate his Seat in Parliament.

XXI. After the Commencement of this Act all the Duties and Powers which would have been performed and exercised by the Surveyor General of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings if the said Act of the said Second and Third Yean of King William the Fourth had not been passed, and the Exemptions and Privileges which would have been enjoyed by the said Surveyor General if such Act had not been passed, so far as such Duties and Powers, Exemptions and Privileges, are not inconsistent with the Enactments of this Act, shall be performed, exercised, and enjoyed by such Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being; and all Acts of Parliament, Deeds, and other Instruments, in which the Surveyor General of Works and Public Buildings is mentioned, so far as the said Deeds and Instruments are now in force, and so far as the Enactments of the said Acts are not inconsistent with the Enactments of this Act, shall apply to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being, as if such Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings had been originally named or mentioned in such Acts of Parliament, or named or mentioned in or made Parties to such Deeds and Instruments respectively, instead of such Surveyor General.

XXII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall perform and exercise the Duties and Powers of Management and all other Duties and Powers which if this Act had not been passed would have been performed and exercised by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings of and in relation to the Royal Parks, Gardens, and Possessions herein-after mentioned; (that is to

say>)

Saint James's, "1 Hyde, and > Parks,

Green j

Kensington Gardens,

Chelsea Gardens,

The

1851. Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42. S3?

The Treasury Garden,

Parliament Square Garden,

Regent's Park,

Primrose Hill,

Victoria Park,

Battersea Park,

Greenwich Park,

Kew Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, and Green,

Kew and Richmond Roads,

Hampton Court Gardens, Green, and Road,

Hampton Court Park,

Richmond Park and Green,

Bushy Park,

The Phoenix Park, and Holyrood Park;

And the Commissioners or First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall also perforin and exercise all the Duties and Powers under the several Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act whiph would have been performed and exercised by the Commissioners or First Commissioner for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings if this Act had not been passed, except as herein-after provided; and all such Acts shall, except as herein-after provided, be construed to apply to the Commissioners or First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being, as if such Commissioners or First Commissioner had been originally named or mentioned therein instead of the Commissioners or First Commissioner of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings (as the Case may be); and every such Act whereby the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings have been constituted a Corporation for the Purpose* of such Act shall after the Commencement of this Act be read and construed as if the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings had been thereby incorporated by the Name of "The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings," and the perpetual Succession,

Use of Common Seal, and other Rights and Privileges and Powers whatsoever, thereby given to or vested in the Commissioner* of Her Majesty's Woods, ForeBts, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings, shall be deemed and construed to have been thereby given to and, vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

XXIII. Provided always, That all such Houses, Gardens, Powers m to and Portions of Ground within any of the Royal Parks herein- £"J|fsofr^c before mentioned as are now leased or agreed to be leased gerred tTcom-shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Her mUrionew of Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and all the ^era^Act Powers of leasing such Parts of Victoria Park and Regent's Park respectively as, if this Act had not been passed, might from

OWwe

1U Cap. 42. Woods, Forests, frc. 14 & 15 Vict.

Certain ex-officio Commissionenhips rested in First Commissioner of Works.

Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Works, &c. to be provided for by Parliament.

Time to Time be leased by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and all Powers in relation to the Parts so to be leased which would have been vested in or might have been exercised by such last-mentioned Commissioners, shall be vested in and may be exercised by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues *

XXIV. After the Commencement of this Act the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being shall come in the Place and be the Successor of the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings as an Inclosure Commissioner for England and Wales, a Commissioner of Greenwich Hospital, a Commissioner for carrying into execution the Acts relating to Highland Roads and Bridges, One of Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, and a Member and the President of the General Board of Health.

XXV. The Salaries of the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and the Salaries, Superannuations, and Retired Allowances of the Officers in the Department of the Commissioners of tjer Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and the incidental Expenses of such Department, and all the Expenses to be incurred by the Commissioners of Public Works, or any of them, in the Performance and Exercise of the Duties and Powers vested in such Commissioners under this Act, save such Expenses fcs shall be defrayed out of Monies provided by or under the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or out of Monies to be transferred to the Cre-

dit of or to be payable to or applicable by such Commissioners under the Provisions herein-after contained, shall be defrayed out of such Monies as shall be from Time to Time provided by Parliament; provided always, that the Profits of the Herbage and like Profits during the natural Life of Her Majesty of the Parks, Gardens, and Possessions placed under the Management of such Commissioners by this Act, after Payment thereout of any Tithe Rentcharges or other like Charges for the Time being issuing out of or charged on such Parks, Gardens, and Possessions, shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

Two Commis- XXVI. Anything by this Act authorized to be done by the sioners or First Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, ^W^rksmsy anything which by any future Act may be authorized to act. ° be done by such Commissioners, unless express Provision to the

contrary be made by such future Act, may be done by any Two of such Commissioners or by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

Property rated XXVII. All the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and in Commission- Property whatsoever which at the Commencement of this Act ftl^Acts 8*la^ be vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, in Schedule to Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in a corporate vest in Com- Capacity or otherwise, and whether so vested in such Commissioners

1861.

239

Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42.

sioners alone or jointly with others, under or for the Purposes miwioners of of any of the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, shall Works> upon the Commencement of this Act be vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and their Successors, in the like corporate Capacity or otherwise, as the Case may require, alone or jointly as aforesaid, for the Estate or Interest and Purposes and subject to the Rights and Equities for and subject to which the same respectively were vested in the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Biddings.

XXVIII. Subject to the Powers vested in the Commissioners Monies in of Her Majesty's Treasury under this Act, all Monies which at Banks, and the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall be in the Bank of England, in the Bank of Ireland, in the Royal Bank Commissioners of Scotland, or in any other Bank, placed to the Credit of of Works, a©, any Account or Accounts under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings, under or for the Purposes of any of the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or for the Purposes of any Duties or Powers vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, shall forthwith after the Commencement of this Act be transferred, and the Governors and Managers of such Banks respectively are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same Monies respectively, to the Credit of a like Account under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and all Monies which would have been payable to or applicable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under or for the Purposes of any of such last-mentioned Acts, or for the Purposes of any of the Duties or Powers vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, shall be payable to and applicable by such last-mentioned Commissioners; and all Government Annuities, Stocks, Funds, and Securities which at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall be standing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under or for the Purposes of any of the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, shall forthwith after the Commencement of this Act be transferred, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required and authorized to transfer the same, to Accounts to be opened in the Name of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the like Purposes; and the Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Transfer to the Credit or into the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings of any Monies, Annuities, Stocks, Funds, or Securities mentioned in such Order, standing to the Credit or in the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests,

Land Goode

Matters done or commenced by former Commissioners not to be prejudiced.

Suits pending to be carried on in the Name of the new Commissioners of Woods.

Expenses incurred by new Commissioners of Woods in completing Proceedings relating to Duties of Commissioners of Works to be Expenses of such last-mentioned Commissioners.

Transfer of Contracts in respect of Works.

Cap. 42. Woods, Forests, $c. 14 & 15 VICT.

Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Transfer.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall annul or prejudice any Sale, Purchase, Exchange, Contract, Mortgage, Security, Charge, or other Act, Matter, or Thing which shall have been made, done, created, entered into, or commenced by, or any Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever which shall have been commenced or instituted by or against the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues under this Act, for the Purpose of prosecuting or defending and carrying on all Actions, Suits, or Proceedings which shall be pending at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, (and that without the Necessity of substituting the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues in lieu of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and whether such Actions, Suits, or Proceedings be or be not in relation to Duties or Powers which are to remain within their Cognizance, or may have been commenced or instituted under the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or otherwise,) shall come into the Place of and be deemed to be the Successors of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

XXX. Provided also, That where any Action, Suit, or Proceeding instituted or commenced before the Commencement of this Act, by or against the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in respect of any Duties or Powers vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, shall be then pending, and shall be prosecuted, defended, or carried on, by or in the Name of the Attorney General or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being under this Act, all the Expenses incident to such Actions, Suits, and Proceedings, after the Commencement of this Act, shall be deemed Expenses of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, unless the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall otherwise direct.

XXXI. Where any Contract has been entered into by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings in respect of any Duties or Powers vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, and such Contract has not been fully performed and completed before the Commencement of this Act, the same may be enforced and shall be performed and completed in like Manner as if the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings had been named therein or made Parties thereto instead of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Build-

ings;

1-851.

241

Woods, Forests, §*c. Cap. 42.

mgs; and where any Contract has been entered into as aforesaid, as well in respect of other Duties or Matters as in respect of Duties and Powers vested in the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under this Act, or where it appears to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury that Doubts may arise whether the Rights and Obligations upon and under any Contract which has been entered into by the &iid Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings are or are not transferred to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct that such Contract may be enforced and shall be performed and completed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may see fit; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct by which Department the Expenses to be incurred in relation to such Contract shall be borne, and may apportion any such Expenses between the respective Departments; and the Benefit and Obligation of such Contract shall be deemed to be vested in Her Majesty or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, (as the Case may be,) according to such Direction, as if the Commissioners by whom the same is directed to be enforced, performed, and completed had been named therein or made Parties thereto instead of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be taken to prejudice or affect the Prerogative or Rights of Her Majesty, or the Right, Power, or Duty of Her Majesty's Attorney General, to sue or defend, or other Rights,

Powers, or Duties of such Attorney General in regard to any Contract, or any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, whether such Contract, or such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, shall affect or concern the Department of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or the Department of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

XXXII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Commissioner* Public Buildings and Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, ^mmissioners Forests, and Land Revenues respectively shall for the Time of Woods, &c. being observe, perform, fulfil, and keep all and singular the to obsemthe Orders, Instructions, and Directions, not inconsistent with the t^JfxJeasu°* Acts for the Time being in force in relation to their respective Offices, which from Time to Time shall be made or given to them by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, touching or concerning the Execution and Discharge of the Duties of such Offices, and for the effectual Division,

Distribution, and Arrangement of the Duties and Powers which are to be performed and exercised by such Commis-n . Q sioners

Regulations at present applicable to Commissioners of Woods, &c. to be observed bj the Commissioners of Works, &c. and the Commissioners of Woods, &c.

Cap. 42.

Woods, Forests, &c.

14 & 15 VICT.

Power to the Treasury to transfer Duties Tested in Commissioners of Woods, Sec. under Local or Personal Acts to Commissioners of Works, See,

Proriso.

Powers of the Treasury under 11 & IS Vict. c. 102. to regulate the Accounts of the present Commissioners of Woods, See, to be applied to the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings and of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues respectively.

XXXIII. All Instructions, Orders, and Directions which, in pursuance of and conformably to the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have heretofore prepared, and transmitted to the Surveyor General, for the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, or for the Regulation or Control of the Expenditure thereof in any of its Branches or Departments, or concerning the Duties of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be binding upon, observed, and kept by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues respectively, in relation to their respective Departments, in like Manner as the same Instructions, Orders, and Directions respectively are now binding upon and are or ought to be observed and performed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, until such Instructions, Orders, and Directions respectively shall be revoked or varied under the Power herein contained.

XXXIV. In case it appear to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being that it is expedient that any Duties or Powers which under the Provisions of any Local or Personal Act are vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and are under the Provisions of this Act transferred to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, should be transferred to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Order under their Hands, to transfer such Duties or Powers accordingly; and from and after the Time in such Order mentioned, and subject to the Provisions of such Order, such Duties or Powers shall be vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings: Provided always, that no such Order shall be made for the Transfer as aforesaid of any Duties or Powers vested under this Act in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues without Her Majesty's Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual for that Purpose obtained.

XXXV. All the Powers and Authorities which under an Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and two, mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, are vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for making from Time to Time Rules and Regulations and General and Special Orders with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Monies by or on behalf of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the Persons to be employed

m

1851. Woods, Forests, $c. Cap. 42.

in conducting such Receipts and Payments, and the Manner, Form, and Place in which the Accounts of such Receipts and Payments shall be kept, and with respect to the Payment and Transfer of Monies from and into any general or special, particular or separate Account of the Commissioners of Her Majesty^ Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and with respect to the Form in which such Cheques or Orders for the Payment of Monies placed to any Account of the Commissioners of I ier Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall be drawn, and with respect to the Appointment of Persons to draw such Cheques or Orders in the Names of such Commissioners, and to countersign such Cheques, shall extend and be applicable and be exercised concerning the like Matters in relation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings respectively under this Act, in the same Manner as if the Provisions of the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, concerning such Powers and Authorities, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings respectively were in every Case substituted for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

XXXVI. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall also have Power to make from Time to Time such further or other Rules and Regulations as they may deem necessary, in relation to the Collection and Receipt of such Land Revenues, and to the Payments thereout to Her Majesty's Exchequer or otherwise, and to appoint such Officer or Officers as shall be required for that Purpose, and for keeping the Accounts of the said Revenues, and for rendering such Accounts by such Officer or Officers to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for the Audit of the said Commissioners tinder the Powers vested in them by Law.

XXXVII. The Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall prepare and transmit to the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, on or before the Thirtieth Day of November in each Year, Abstract Accounts, classed under distinctive Headings, of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Capital and of the Income, derived from the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and of any other Funds under their Control and Management, in the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March preceding; and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall examine the said Accounts, and certify their Conformity or otherwise with the Provisions of the Acts of Parliament by which the Receipt and Expenditure of the Funds under the Control and Management of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues are regulated, with the like Powers, and under lie like Authorities,

Q 2 Regulations

243

sionera under this Act.

Treasury to make Rules for Collection and Receipt of Land Revenues.

Abstract Accounts of Receipt and Expenditure of Capital and Income of Land Revenues tq be transmitted to Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts.

244

Cap. 42.

Woods, Forests, &c.

14 & 15 VICT.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 92.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 89.

Abstract Accounts of Receipt and Expenditure of Monies granted or acquired to be transmitted to Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts.

Commissioners for auditing Publip Accounts to transmit Copies of the Abstract Accounts relating to Land Revenues to the Treasury.

Saving of Rights.

Regulations, and Restrictions, as those which are in force with respect to the annual Accounts of the Sums granted and expended for Naval and Military Services under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty Victoria, intituled An Act to provide for the Preparation, Audit, and Presentation to Parliament of annual Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Naval and Military Departments: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to supersede or in any Manner affect the detailed Examination and Audit, of the Accounts of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or of those of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, established by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for auditing the Accounts of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or of the Regulations under which such Accounts are rendered.

XXXVIII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings shall in like Manner prepare and transmit to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on or before the Thirtieth Day of November in each Year, Abstract Accounts, classed under distinctive Headings, of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Monies granted or otherwise reoeived and appropriated in the Department under their Control and Management, in the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March preceding; and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall examine and certify the same, in like Manner as those of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues aforesaid.

XXXIX. The Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall transmit Copies of the said Accounts of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, examined and certified as herein provided, together with their Reports thereon, on or before the Thirty-first Day of January following the Thirtieth Day of November aforesaid, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, who shall lay the same before the House of Commons on or before the Thirty-first Day of March following, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not then within One Fortnight after Parliament shall be next assembled.

XL. Nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to abridge or interfere with any Rights of Her Majesty, or of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any Grantee of the Crown, in respect of any Appointment usually made by Her Majesty, or the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or such Grantee, or with the Right of Appointment of Master Keepers, Under Keepers* or other Officers of or in any Royal Forest, so long as such last-mentioned Right shall be vested in any Warden or Ranger of

1851.

245

Woods, Forests, &c. Cap. 42.

any such Forest, or with any Privileges or Advantages which may be rightfully enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by Her Majesty or Her Predecessors of any Office, Bailiwick, Walk, or Lodge within any of the Royal Forests to which this Act relates.

XLI. This Act shall commence and take effect on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, except as regards the Payment of the Salaries and Charges in relation thereto, in which respect this Act shall take effect from and after the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

The SCHEDULE.

An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth, and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead, and of the Road from London to Liverpool.

An Act for transferring to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods and Forests the several Powers now vested in the Holyhead Road Commissioners, and for discharging the last-mentioned Commissioners from the future Repairs and Maintenance of the Roads, Harbours, and Bridges now under their Care and Management.

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to pay the net Proceeds of the Tolls of the Menai and Conway Bridges into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

An Act to amend and alter an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under the several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-sixth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His then present Majesty from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof, and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road.

An Act for further improving the Road between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to raise a Sum of Money for making additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to make a new Street from Coventry Street, Piccadilly, to Long Acre, and for other Improvements in the Metropolis.

Q 3 An

[Commencement of Act.]

4 G. 4. C. 74.

(UoljhMdBoad<.)

9 G. 4; c. 85.

(HolyhaadKoads.)

S&4W.4.C-43. (Holy head Roads.)

4 St 5 W. 4. c. 66. (Menai and Conway Bridges.)

5 & 6 W.4. c. 21. (Shrewsbury and Holyhead Roads.)

6 & 7 W. 4. C. 35. (Holyhead Roads.)

2 & 3 Vict. c. 80.

(Metropolis Improvements.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 12. (Metropolis Improvements.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 87. (Metropolis Im-drovemenU.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 104.

(Holyhead Roads.)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 12. (Metropolis Improvement.)

5 St 6 Vict. c. 64. (Metropolis Improvements.)

7 & 8 Vict. c. 60.

(Trafalgar

Square.)

7 & 8 Vict. c. 84. (Metropolitan Buildings Act.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 17.

(Metropolis

Improvements,

Clerkenwell.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 63. ( Geological Survey.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 73. (Holyhead Roads.)

8 St 9 Vict. c. 101.

(Penny Coal Duties.)

8 & 9 Vict. c. 178.

(Westminster

Improvements.)

9 & 10 Vict. c. 5.

(Metropolitan Buildings Act.)

10 Vict c. 34. (Spitalfields Improvements.)

9 & 10 Vict. c. 38. (Battersea Park.)

9 & 10 Vict. c. 39. (Battersea Bridge and Chelsea Improvements.)

Cap. 42. Woods, Forests, , fyc. c. 14 & 15 Vici.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis.

An Act to transfer to the Cotaunissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works the several Powers now vested in the Commissioners for repairing the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead Road Acts, so far as relates to the Dunstable Road.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to make a new Road from Coventry Street, Piccadilly, to Long Acre, and for other Improvements in the Metropolis.

An Act for regulating the Priorities of Monies authorized to be charged on a Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund."

An Act to provide for the Care and Preservation of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster.

An Act for regulating the Construction and the Use of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood.

An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Street leading to Clerkenwell Green; and for extending such Street, and making new Streets out of the same.

An Act to facilitate the Completion of a Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, under the Direction of the First Commissioner for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods and Works.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works to apply certain Monies now in their Hands towards discharging the Incumbrances affecting the Shrewsbury and Holyhead Roads.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties, and to alter and amend the said Acts.

An Act for improving Parts of the City of Westminster.

An Act to amend an Act for regulating the Construction and Use of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shoreditch.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct an Embankment and Roadway on the North Shore of the River Thames from Battersea Bridge to Vauxhall Bridge, and to build a Suspension Bridge over the said River at or near Chelsea Hospital, with suitable Approaches thereto, including a Street from Lower Sloane Street to the Northern Extremity of the Bridge.

An

Woods, Forests, &c.

Cap. 42.

An Act for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for the Purpose of a Harbour of Refuge at or near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Westminster Improvement Act, 1845, and to authorize the Application of certain Rates in aid of the Improvements. '

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to make certain Alterations and Improvements in the Approaches to the Castle and Town of Windsor.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields, to facilitate the raising of Monies authorized to be raised by the said Commissioners for Metropolitafa Improvements, and to regulate and simplify the Mode of keeping the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty'fe Woods.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for varying the Priorities of the Charges made on " The London Bridge Approaches Fund," and to facilitate the Completion of certain Improvements in the City of Westminster.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts.

An Act to authorize further Charges on " The London Bridge Approaches Fund," for the Completion of certain Improvements^ the Metropolis.

An Act to enlarge and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's " Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shore-w ditch."

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater, in the Isle of Portland, and to make further Provision for the Division and Application of the Purchase Money.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1845," and " The Westminster Improvement Act, 1847," to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands, and for other Purposes.

247

9 & 10 Vict. c. 106. (Preliminary Inquiries.)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 24.

Portland Har-

(Portlar

hour.)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 76.

(Holyhead Harbour.)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 210. (Westminster Improvements.)

11 & 12 Vict. c. 63.

(Windsor.)

11 & 12 Vict. c. 102.

(Battersea Park.)

11 & 12 Vict. c. 124.

(London Bridge

Approaches

Fund.)

11 & 12 Vict. c. 129. (Preliminary Inquiries.)

IS & 14 Vict. c. 103.

(Metropolis Improvements.)

13 & 14 Vict. c. 109.

(Metropolis Improvements.)

13 & 14 Vict. c. 116.

(Portland Har>our.)

13 & 14 Vict. c. 102. (Loc. & Per.)

(Westminster Improvements.)

Cap. 43.

Hainault Forest

14 & 15 VICT.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for disafforesting the Forest of Hainault in the County of Essex.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, in right of Her Crown, is or claims to be seised to Herself, Her 4 Heirs and Successors, of and in Waltham Forest formerly called the Forest of Essex, in the County of Essex, One 4 Portion of which is usually called or known by the Name of Hainault Forest: And whereas Her Majesty, in right of Her Crown, is or claims to be seised to Herself, Her Hein

and Successors, of the Soil of that Portion of the said Forest of Hainault which is commonly called the King's Forest or

King's Woods, and of the Timber and other Trees, Bushes, and Underwood standing and growing thereon: And whereas the said Forest of Hainault is subject to divers Claims of Bights of Common and other Rights and Interests of Her Majesty and of divers of Her Majesty's Subjects in and over the same: And whereas the Right Honourable the Earl of Mornington, and the Honourable William Wellesley commonly called Viscount Wellesley, his eldest Son, jointly or severally claim to be entitled to the Office of Warden of the said Forest: And whereas every poor Widow in those Parts of the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham which lie within the said Forest of Hainault who does not receive Parochial Relief, and whose Husband has been dead a Year, has been usually allowed to have One Load of Wood yearly on Easter Monday from and out of the said King's Forest or King's Woods, or in lieu of it Eight Shillings in Money to those who cannot procure a Team to carry the Wood on that Day: And whereas Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify Her Consent that the said Forest of Hainault should be disafforested, and the Royal Deer therein removed or destroyed, with all convenient Speed, and that the Officers of Her Majesty of or for the said Forest should be discharged, and that such Allofcment should be made to Her Majesty, in respect of Her 4 Forestal Estate, Rights, and Interests in and over the said Forest of Hainault in manner herein-after provided, and that such Compensation should be made to the Officers of the said Forest, and to the said poor Widows, as is also hereinafter provided:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the Provisions of this Act shall be carried into execution by Commissioners to be appointed as after mentioned; and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution shall Act into execu- be Three in Number, One of whom shall be appointed in tion. Writing by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's

Power to appoint Three Commissioners to carry this

Hainault Forest

Cap. 43.

249

Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, One other of whom shall be appointed by the Two junior Inclo8ure Commissioners for England and Wales for the Time being, and the Third of whom shall be appointed by the Two Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid; and that so oft mi as any Vacancy shall occur by Death, Resignation, or Incapacity, a new Commissioner shall be appointed in like Manner as the Commissioner whose Vacancy is to be supplied was appointed; and that all such Commissioners, when appointed, and herein-after designated as " the Commissioners of this Act," shall be the Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution; and that all Acts and Powers to be performed by or given to the Commissioners of. this Act under the Provisions herein contained may be performed or exercised by any Two of such Commissioners.

II. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of this Act Power to Cora-

from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk, and, if they shall think to

fit, to remove such Clerk, and on any Vacancy to appoint another *nd°empioyrk Clerk, and also to employ a Land Surveyor and Valuer in such Land Surveyor. Manner as they shall think necessary.

III. That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Fo- Remuneration rests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, herein-after rion°wand" designated as M the Commissioners of Woods," with the Con- clerk.

sent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall, out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, subject to Repayment as after mentioned, pay and allow to the Commissioners of this Act any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds as shall be thought sufficient, and in proportion to the Time and Labour which may be bestowed by them respectively in carrying this Act into execution, such Proportion, in the event of any Difference of Opinion with regard thereto, to be conclusively determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and to the Clerk of the Commissioners of this Act such Salary not exceeding Two hundred Pounds a Year as shall be considered sufficient, and also to allow to the Commissioners of this Act, and Clerk, all Costs and Expenses of employing any such Land Surveyor and Valuer as aforesaid, and all other reasonable Expenses incurred by them in the Performance of their Duties under this Act

IV. That the Commissioners of this Act shall forthwith pro- Commissioners ceed to ascertain the Boundaries of the said Forest of Hainault, to ascertain and also of that Portion of the said Forest called the King's Bountl<ir, fS-Forest or King's Woods, and for that Purpose shall or may make use of any existing Maps, Plans, or Surveys, or cause to be made any new Maps, Plans, or Surveys, as they shall think fit

V. That the said Boundaries as ascertained by the Commis- Boundaries as Bionere of this Act shall be held to be the true Boundaries of ascertained to the said Forest, and of the said King's Forest or King's Woods, *llcld to for all the Purposes of this Act, as between Her Majesty and t*uc#

all Persons whose Estates or Rights therein are to be or shall be

Power to Commissioners to allot a Part of the King's Woods as a Compensation far the Forest&l and other Rights of the Crown.

On the making of the Award the Forest of Hainault to be disafforested.

Commissioners of Woods, &c. to produce Evidence in support of the Rights of the Crown, to enable Commissioners of this Act to make the Award.

Commissioners to inquire and ascertain the Value of certain Rights of poor Widows, and report Amount to Commissioners of Woods, Ac., who shall invest the same.

Cap. 43. Hainault Forest. 14 & 15 Vict.

be in anywise dealt with or affected under the Provisions of this Act, but not further or otherwise.

VI. That the Commissioners of this Act, so soon as they shall have ascertained the aforesaid Boundaries, shall proceed to set out and allot to Her Majesty such Part or Parts of the said King's Forest or King's Woods as they shall think a sufficient Compensation to Her Majesty for all Her Forestal Rights hi and over the said Forest of Hainault, for Her Rights of Soil in the said King's Forest or King* Woods and in other the uninclosed Portions of the said Forest of Hainault (if any), for Her Rights of Timber and other Trees, Bushes, and Underwoods in the said Woods or elsewhere in the said Forest; and that such Allotment or Allotments, when made, shall be vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as Part and Parcel of the Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Crown, freed and discharged from all Rights or Claims of Common of Pasture, Estovers, or Assignments of Fuel Wood, and all other Rights or Claims whatsoever; and that on the making of such Award the said Forest of Hainault shall be for ever disafforested; and the Residue of the said King's Forest or King's Woods and all other Parts of the said Forest of Hainault (not now inclosed), shall become the Property of the Queen's Majesty and the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common in and over the said Forest or any Part thereof, as they are now entitled to the same, freed and discharged from all Right of Soil, Rights of Timber, and all Forestal Rights of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

VII. That for the enabling the Commissioners of this Act to make the Award by this Act directed to be made the said Commissioners of Woods, on behalf of Her Majesty, shall produce to the Commissioners of this Act such Evidence in support of Her Majesty's aforesaid Rights or any of them as in the Opinion of the Commissioners of this Act shall be necessary to support the Claim to such Rights; and the Judgment of the Commissioners of this Act in the Premises shall be final: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who in the Opinion of the Commissioners of this Act shall be interested in the Premises to appear before the said Commissioners, and to adduce such Evidence as in the Opinion of the said Commissioners shall be admissible, for the Purpose of controverting any Statement or Evidence made or offered to the said Commissioners in support of the Claims or Rights of Her Majesty.

VIII. And with respect to the Customary Rights or alleged Customary Rights of every poor Widow in those Parts of the said Parishes of Barking and Dagenham aforesaid who does not receive Parochial Relief, and whose Husband has been dead a Year, to have One Load of Wood yearly on Faster Monday out of the said King's Forest or King's Woods, or in lieu of it Eight Shillings in Money to those who cannot procure a Team to carry the Wood on that Day, be it enacted, That the Commissioners

Hainault Forest.

>61

Cap. 43.

missioners of this Act shall inquire and ascertain what is the Money Value of such Right in respect of such poor Widows, and shall report the Amount to the* Commissioners of Woods; and upon receiving such Report the said Commissioners of Woods shall forthwith, out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, advance and pay the Sums so found and reported as being the Amount of such Value as aforesaid, and shall invest the same in the Names of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Dagenham and of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of Barking respectively, or otherwise as shall be agreed on, in the Purchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be held by them for ever, in trust to pay and apply the Dividends thereof in the Purchase of Coals or other Fuel, to be by them distributed yearly at Christmas among the poor Widows of the aforesaid Parts of their respective Parishes not receiving Parochial Relief, and whose Husbands have been dead a Year, and shall cause a proper Declaration of Trust to be executed by the Trustees in whose Names the said Monies shall be invested, and a Memorial thereof enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace far the said County of Essex.

IX. That on the Investment of such Sums as aforesaid all the aforesaid Customary Rights or Claims of poor Widows shall to absolutely cease.

X. That in setting out and making such Allotment to Her Majesty as aforesaid the Commissioners of this Act shall take value of the C into consideration the Amount of the Money Value of such Widow* Claim *, Rights or Claims of the said poor Widows, and shall give to "

Her Majesty an Allotment on or from the said Woods as afore- the'crown!*0 said which in their Opinion shall be an Equivalent for the Amount of such Monies so to be paid for such Rights and Claims as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that the Commis- Commissioners, sioners of this Act shall, if so required, by or on behalf of Her r0^a^the Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, set out, distinguish, and Ciwu^Allot-apportion in their said Award a particular Part or Parts of the ment in impact general Allotment to be made to Her Majesty as aforesaid d"tinct which in their Opinion may be the Value of any One or more lg of the specific Rights of Her Majesty, and in respect of which the aforesaid Allotment may have been made, and such specific Apportionments of such general Allotment shall be taken to be the Allotments in respect of such specific Rights in respect of which they shall be ascertained and declared as aforesaid to have been made.

XI. That the Commissioners of this Act shall make their Award to be

Award in Writing within Two Years from the passing of this made m Two Act, and such Award shall be executed in Duplicate, and One *

Part thereof shall be deposited at the Office of Land Revenue Duplicate. Records and Enrolments, and the other Part thereof shall be

deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Essex, there to remain, and to be examined by all Persons, at all reasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Examination.

XII. That

Power to Commissioners of Woods, &c. to re more or destroy the Deer within the Forest.

When Deer removed, &c. Right to keep Deer to cease.

The Crown to maintain Boundary Fences, and, if it appear convenient, to set oat Roads, which shall become public Highways.

After Award is made, Forestal Offices to cease.

Cap. 43.

Hainault Forest.

14 & 15 VICT.

XII. That the said Commissioners of Woods or other the proper Officer or Officers of Her Majesty of and for the said Forest of Hainault shall with all convenient Speed, and within One Year from the passing of this Act, under the Direction of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, remove or destroy, or cause to be removed or destroyed, all the Deer within the said Forest, and apply and dispose of the same as Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall direct; and that when such Deer shall have been so removed or destroyed the Bight of Her Majesty to keep Deer and other Beasts of Forest in the said Forest of Hainault shall absolutely cease, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to exercise all the same Powers over and in respect of the Lands to be allotted to Her Majesty as aforesaid as they are or at any Time hereafter shall be by Law enabled to exercise over and in respect of other Lands of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, not being Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases.

XIII. That Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shaO make and at all Times hereafter maintain sufficient Boundary Fences round all the Parts so to be set out and allotted or awarded to and to become the Property of Her Majesty as aforesaid; and further, that in case in making the Allotment hereby directed it shall appear convenient to the Commissioners of this Act to set out any Roads over the Parts to be allotted to Her Majesty, for the Convenience of the Enjoyment of the remaining Parts of the said Forest of Hainault, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out such Roads accordingly, and the same shall be made by the said Commissioners of Woods, and shall when made become and be public Highways.

XIV. That, immediately after the Award of the Commissioners of this Act shall have been made, as here in-before directed, all and every Letters Patent, Grants, Appointments, and Warrants of any Offices, Bailiwicks, Walks, or Lodges in or for the said Forest of Hainault, and all Salaries, Gratuities, and Fees lawfully payable or allowed in respect of the same, shall thenceforth cease, end, and determine; and Compensation shall be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, to the Lord Warden, in respect of his Wardenship of that Portion of the said Forest of Waltham called Hainault Forest, and to the several Officers of the said Forest of Hainault (whether holding Lodges and Land within the said Forest by virtue of their several Offices, or not), in consideration of the Cessation of their said several Offices, and on their relinquishing and giving up the Possession of the said Lodges and Land respectively, and all Claim and Interest therein or thereto under any Grant, Letters Patent, or Appointment or Warrant as aforesaid, which Compensation shall in every distinct and separate Case be referred to and ascertained by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or by such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint on the Part of Her Majesty, and by

Hainault Forest.

253

Cap. 43.

such indifferent Person as shall be appointed on the Part of each and every Officer of the said Forest of Hainault interested or concerned in the Premises, and which said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or other the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, are hereby empowered to send for Persons and Papers, and to examine the Parties and Witnesses upon Oath, if necessary (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); provided that in case any Difference of Opinion shall arise on any Matter or Question touching or concerning such Compensation, then the said Referees shall from Time to Time forthwith appoint any proper and competent Parson or Persons to act as an Umpire or Umpires concerning the Premises, to whom all and every such Differences shall be referred, and whose Judgment and Determination shall be binding to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. That all the Payments, Charges, and Expenses hereby directed to be defrayed out of the Land Revenues of the Crown shall be paid and discharged or replaced by and out of the Produce of the Timber and Underwood belonging to Her Majesty, now standing on such Part of the uninclosed Parts of the said Forest of Hainault as shall not be allotted to Her Majesty, and that for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Woods, at any Time before or after the said Award, to enter on any Parts of the said Forest, and to cut down, carry away, sell, and dispose of so much of the said Timber and Underwood as shall be sufficient to pay such Costs, Charges, and Expenses.

XVI. ' And whereas Sir Charles Hubs Baronet makes claim

as Lord of the Manor of Barking, to the Soil of that Portion

of the said Forest of Hainault called the King's Forest or ' King's Woodsy or some Part thereof, and claims Title to the same through and under certain Grants thereof made to the

Ancestors of the said Sir Charles Hulse by Her Majesty's c Royal Predecessor King Charles the First, and therefore ' insists that he is entitled to a Portion of the Allotment

hereby intended to be set out to Her Majesty, as a Com-y pensation for the Right of Soil so claimed: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sir Charles Hulse to proceed to a Trial at Law, within Twenty-two Months from the passing of this Act, at the Assizes for the County of Essex, in a feigned Action or Actions to be for that Purpose commenced in Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, against Her Majesty's Attorney General and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, and the Defendants in such Action shall appear, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby the Matter in question may be properly tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court of Exchequer, if the Parties shall differ about the same); and if at the Trial of any such Issue or Issues it

V. shall

Expenses to be defrayed out of the Produce of Timber and Underwood standing on the Parts of the Forest not allotted to the Crown.

Power to Sir Charles Hulse, as Lord of the Manor of Barking, to proceed to a Trial at Law, in a feigned Action, to try his Rights to the Soil of certain Portions of the Forest of Hainault.

Hainault Forest

14 & 15 VICT.

Cap. 43.

shall appear that the said Sir Charles Hulse is not entitled to the Soil of that Portion of the said Forest called the King's Forest or King's Woods so claimed by him, then the Jury or Juries by whom such Issue or Issues shall be tried shall find for the Defendants; but if it shall appear to such Jury or Juries that the said Sir Charles Hulse is so entitled as Lord of the said Manor of Barking according to the Claim made by him, then such Jury or Juries shall find for the Plaintiff; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, as well upon Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as the said Sir Charles Hulse, his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every Person and Persons claiming through or under him or them, unless the Court shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had . thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Court, upon sufficient Cause shown, to put off the Trial of the same, although the Time hereby limited for such Trial may be thereby exceeded; provided also, that if either of the Parties in any Action or Actions to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die, or if any of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods shall resign, or be removed from being a Commissioner or Commissioners, pending such Action or Actions, the same shall not abate by reason thereof but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, for and on behalf of Her Majesty, at any Time before the Trial of such Action or Actions, to make or accept Proposals to or from the said Sir Charles Hulse, his Heirs or Assigns, for compromising the Matter or Matters in dispute, and to compromise the same accordingly, if they and Her Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being shall see just Cause so to do, and all such Compromises shall be binding and conclusive; provided also, that if no such Action shall be brought, or if the same shall not be proceeded in to Trial or Trials as aforesaid, unless such Trial or Trials shall be put off with such Leave of the Court as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Sir Charles Hulse, his Heirs and Assigns, and all Persons claiming through or under him or them, shall be barred and precluded from such Claim as aforesaid.

If Verdict be XVII. That if the Verdict in any such Trial or Trials

s/cThuL. be given in favour of the said Sir Charles Hulse, his

Communooen Heirs or Assigns, and shall not be set aside by the Court, then to allot to him the Commissioners of this Act shall set out and allot to the said Own Allot- Charles Hulse, his Heirs and Assigns, so much and such ment as they" Part of the Allotment herein-before directed to be set out shall deem an to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as the said Com-5* for m^oner8 stall by Writing under their Hands award to be a lu°n just Equivalent and Compensation for and in lieu of the Bight of Soil claimed by the said Sir Charles Hulsei his Heirs or As-

siffns.

255

1851. Turnpike Roads (Ireland). Cap. 43, 44.

signs, and to which he or they shall appear entitled by such Verdict, the said Allotment, when set out to the said Sir Charles Hulse, his Heirs and Assigns, to be inclosed and fenced by him or them, and to be held and enjoyed freed and exonerated from all Bights of Common and other Bights from which the said Allotment to Her Majesty is hereby freed and exonerated.

XVIII. That no such Action being brought, or during the Trial not to Continuance thereof, shall impede the Commissioners in the impede the Execution of this Act, but the Allotment hereby directed to be made shall be made, notwithstanding any such Action shall tion of the Act. be pending; and the Commissioners of this Act shall by proper Marks and Bounds set out the Lands and Grounds which ought to be allotted to the said Sir Charles Hulse, his Heirs or Assigns, in case of his or their succeeding in such Trial or Trials.

XIX. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Act not to that Portion of Waltham JFbres/ usually called Epping Forest.

oMUgfats.

XX. That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise extend to or prejudice the Title, Right, or Claim of Her Majesty to any Right of Common appendant or appurtenant to any anciently inclosed Lands of Her Majesty, or the Title,

Bight, or Claim of Her Majesty or any Person or Persons to the inclosed Parts of the said Forest of Hainault, or to Chapel Lodge Farm, otherwise the Lawn Farm, or Fence Piece Farm, or either of them, or to any other inclosed Lands, Lodges, or Lodge Grounds within the said Forest of Hainault, held or churned to be held in Severalty by Her Majesty, the Lord Warden of the said Forest, or any other Forestal Officer or Officers of Her Majesty, nor the Claim of the Vicar of Dagenham to Tithes or to a Rentcharge in lieu of Tithes in respect of such Portion of the said Forest of Hainault as is situate within the Pariah of Dagenham.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS certain Acts for making, amending, and 4 & 5 Vict. c.s. ' repairing the Turnpike Roads in Ireland were, by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth ' and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

amended and continued for a Time therein limited: And whereas the said Acts were further continued from Time to ' Time, save as specially excepted: And whereas, under the is& 14 Vict.

Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, the c*34,

said Acts, save as therein excepted, are further continued,

and will remain in force until the Thirty-first Day of July ' in the present Year, or, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the several Acts for making, amending

by\3C f

256

Acts for making, &c. Turnpike Hoads in Ireland, which will expire on Slst July 1851, Ac., further continued.

7 G.4. c. xxvi. to continue till 1st Oct. 1852, and no longer, Ac.

5 & 6 Vict. ©. 123.

Recited Act continued until Slst July 1855, and to the End of then next Session.

Cap. 44, 45. Private Lunatic Asylums. 14 & 15 Vict.

or repairing Turnpike Roads in Ireland should be further i continued:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That any Act for making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in Ireland which will expire on the said Thirty-first Day of July in the present Year, or at or before the End of the present or next ensuing Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby continued, as amended by the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, or, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament.

II. Provided always, That an Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kil-mallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork, shall be continued until the First Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and no longer, unless Parliament shall in the meantime further continue the said Act.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parlia- " ment holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign

of IT -r present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-Jive, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Law relating to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland: And whereas by an Act of the Ninth and Tenth

Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and by an Act of the Tenth

and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and also by c an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign the said first-recited Act was continued, and ' will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient to continue the same for a t limited Period:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first-recited Act shall be and continue in full Force and Effect until the Thirty-first Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Cap. 46.

257

Victoria Park.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to amend Two several Acts of Her Majesty's Reign enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for and to form Victoria Park; and to indemnify the Trustees of Copyhold Lands held in trust for Her Majesty.

[1st August 1851.]

by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty's 4 & 5 Vict c. 27. 4 Commissioners of Woods to complete the Contract for the Sale of York House, and to purchase certain Lands for a Royal Park, the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were empowered to purchase certain Lands and Hereditaments, containing about Two hundred and ninety Acres,

4 in the Parishes of Saint John Hackney, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and Saint Mary Stratford-le- Bow, in the County of Middlesex, which Lands and Hereditaments, when purchased, were to be conveyed and assured to Her Majesty,

4 Her Heirs and Successors, and when so conveyed were for ever thereafter to be a Royal Park by the Name of Victoria Park, and Part and Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of the Crown, and all Laws, Provisions, and Regulations then or thereafter to be in force with respect to Royal Parks were to extend and apply to such Park, except that Her Majesty's said Commissioners might, in such Manner as by Law provided with regard to the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown (not being Royal Parks), lease any Part of the said Royal Park, not exceeding in the whole One Fourth Part, for Sites for Dwelling

4 Houses or ornamental Buildings, and Offices and Gardens

thereto to be annexed: And whereas an Act was passed in 5 Vict. Sess. 2.

the Second Session of Parliament held in the Fifth Year of c*20 *

4 Her Majesty's Reign, to extend the Powers of the first-

recited Act, and thereby it was enacted, among other things,

that certain Maps or Plans then already made, showing the Site and intended Boundaries of Victoria Park, when authenticated in Duplicate by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, should be deposited in the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments respectively, and Powers were given to the said Commissioners, on behalf of Her Majesty, to purchase the Lands, Teneinents, and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule to the said Act, some of such Lands being of Copyhold Tenure: And whereas the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings,

Victoria Park.

Maps or Plans, when authenticated, to be deposited, and to be open to Inspection.

Defining Portions of the Park to be leased, and extending thereto Powers of Sale and Exchange.

Cap. 46.

14 & 15 Vict.

in execution of the said recited Acts, have purchased,

6 on behalf of Her Majesty, all the Lands, Tenements, and f Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule to

the secondly-recited Act, and have partly laid out, formed, f and planted the said Park: And whereas it is expedient ' that the particular Portions of the said Park which it is intended to lease under the Authority of the first-recited Act should be defined, and that the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings should be empowered to sell or exchange such last-mentioned Portions of the said Park, in the like Manner as they are by Law empowered to sell or exchange any Parts or Parcels of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown, not being Royal Forests, Parks, or

Chases, in England: And whereas the said Commissioners ' have caused a new Map or Plan to be made in duplicate ' of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments acquired under (the Powers and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts,

as the same are now laid out or designed to be laid out, and have therein distinguished the particular Portions of the same which it is proposed to lease, and to which it is proposed that the Powers of Sale and Exchange vested in the said Commissioners with respect to Land Revenues of the Crown, not being Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases, should f be extended Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said Duplicate Maps or Plans shall be authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and when so authenticated One of them shall be deposited in the Office of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or in case the Department of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall be separated from the Department of Her Majesty's Works and Buildings, then in the Office of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the other of them shall be deposited in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, and the Maps or Plans so deposited shall remain in such Offices respectively, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect the same, at their Will and Pleasure, on paying the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection.

II. That the Portions of the said Royal Park called Victoria Park (not exceeding in the whole One Fourth Part thereof) which the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings are by the first-recited Act empowered to lease shall be such Parts and Parcels of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments delineated

1851.

Victoria Park.

25$

Cap. 46.

in the Maps or Plans so to be deposited as aforesaid as are therein distinguished by being coloured Red; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods* Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or, in the event of such Separation of Departments as aforesaid, for the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to lease, sell, and exchange all or any Part of the said last-mentioned Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be by them taken in exchange under the Powers herein contained or referred to, in such and the like Manner in all respects as they are by Law empowered to lease, sell, or exchange any Part or Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, not being Royal Forests, Parks, and Chases, in England; and all and singular the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Exemptions from Stamp Duty, and Enactments whatsoever, contained in an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter One, and in any other Act of Parliament now in force, with respect to the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, not being Royal Forests, Parks, and Chases, shall, so far as the same are applicable, be taken to extend and apply to all and every the Parts and Parcels of the said Royal Park called Victoria Park which are in the aforesaid Maps or Plans distinguished and coloured Red, and to all Leases, Deeds, Agreements, and Contracts whatsoever which may be made in pursuance of the recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them.

III. And whereas the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings are by Law empowered to purchase, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, Messuages, Lands, 4 Tenements, and Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, and on every such Purchase to cause such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be surrendered to or

well and effectually vested in a Trustee or Trustees for and on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors; and it is reasonable that every such Trustee should be indemnified as

after mentioned Be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure have been at any Time heretofore or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased or taken in exchange by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or, in case of such Separation of Departments as aforesaid, by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under any Powers vested or to be vested in them, and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments have been or shall be surrendered to or vested

R 2 in Trustees of Copyholds in trust for Her Majesty to be indemnified.

S& 4 Vict. c. 89.

Recited Act further continued.

Cap. 46, 47. Victoria Park. — Stock in Trade. 14 & 15 VICT.

in any Trustee for and on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, all Sums of Money, Fines, Fees, Rents, Services, and Heriots, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses whatsoever, which shall become due or payable by or be recovered from or against any such Trustee, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, by reason of the Surrender or Conveyance to him of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Copy-hold or Customary Tenure, or by reason of his Admission thereto as Trustee for Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or of any subsequent Surrender thereof by him, be wholly borne, satisfied, and discharged by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or, in the event of such Separation of Departments as aforesaid, by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, by and out of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and every such Trustee, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, shall be wholly and fully indemnified by the said Commissioners from and against all such Sums of Money, Fines, Heriots, Rents, and Services as aforesaid, and from and against all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses whatsoever in relation to the Premises.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act

to exempt until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty one Inhabitants of Parishes, Town-s ships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such in respect ' of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor:

And whereas the said Act hath been since continued by sundry

Acts until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the first-mentioned Act shall continue in force until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

, cap.

1851.

Unlawful Oaths (Ireland.)

CAP. XLVIII.

Cap. 48.

261

An Act to continue an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty," to extend and render " more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the " Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the " Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth " Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful " Oaths in Irelandf," as the same is amended by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing the administer ing and taking of unlawful Oaths in Ireland, and for the Protection of Magisti'ates and Witnesses in Criminal Cases: And whereas the said Act was amended by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland: And whereas the Provisions of the said last recited Act were extended and rendered more effectual by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue for One Year an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administer ing and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland," the said last recited Act was continued for the further Period of One Year from the First Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to continue for Two Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act

Go6gte

50 G. 3. c. 102.

4 G. 4. c. 87.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 74.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 78.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 55.

11 & 12 Vict o.8<).

Recited Act of 2 & 3 Vict to continue in force for a further Period of Fire Years, Ac.

11A12 Vict. c. 129.

C. 48, 49. Local Acts (Preliminary Inquiries). 14 & 15 VICT.

" to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the

w Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His ' Majesty George the Thirds for preventing the administering c <c and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland," the said Act of the ' Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty (subject to ' an Amendment in the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth c Years of Her present Majesty contained) was continued in ' force for the further Period of Two Years from the First Day 6 of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and ' until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of

Her Majesty, to continue and amend the said Act of the ' Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, the said last-mentioned Act was further continued as amended by the said Act ' of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, and will ' expire at the End of the present Session: And it is expedient ' that the said recited Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty should be further continued ' as amended as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the said recited Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, as amended by the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and by the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect from the passing of this Act for the further Period of Five Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ' twenty-nine: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said f Act, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That

1851.

Local Acts (Preliminary Inquiries). Cap. 49. 163

I. That in respect of all future Applications to Parliament Recited Act for Local Acts the said recited Act shall be and the same is repealed, hereby repealed.

II. Whenever Application shall be made to Parliament for Where Works a Bill whereby Power is sought to construct any Works on the Shore of the Sea, or of any Creek, Bay, Arm of the Sea, or Admiralty may navigable River communicating therewith, or to construct any require State-Bridge, Viaduct, or other Work across any Creek, Bay, Arm of ment8»&c-the Sea, or navigable River, or to construct any Work affecting the Navigation of any Harbour, Port, tidal Water, or navigable Biver, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or for the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High,

Admiral, to require the Promoters of such Bill to deposit at the Office of the Admiralty, in addition to the Plans, Sections, or other Documents which may have been deposited at such Office in compliance with the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, all such Statements and other Documents as the said Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners shall deem necessary to explain the Objects of the intended Application to Parliament, and the proposed Interference with such tidal Lands or Navigation, as the Case may be.

III. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or Admiralty Lords Commissioners, if they shall consider the same necessary may appoint or expedient, but not otherwise, to appoint a competent Person Inspectors-or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors, for the Purpose of inquiring, in such Manner and at such Time and Place as they shall direct, into all such Matters as they shall deem necessary to enable them to report to Parliament their Opinion upon every such Bill touching the Jurisdiction or Authority of the Lord High Admiral

IV. For the Purposes of such Inquiry the said Inspector or inspectors may Inspectors may, by Summons under his or their Hands, summon summon Wiu before him or them any Person having the Custody of any erenrimTthem Map, Survey, or Book made or kept in pursuance of any Act upon Oath.

of Parliament, to produce such Map, Survey, or Book for his or their Inspection, and the said Inspector or Inspectors may summon, in manner aforesaid, any other Person whose Evidence shall, in the Judgment of the said Inspector or Inspectors, be material to his or their Inquiries, and pay or allow to every such Person so summoned by him or them the reasonable Charges of his Attendance; and the said Inspector or Inspectors shall also have Power to administer an Oath to all Persons who may be examined by him or them touching the Premises.

V. Any Person, being summoned by such Inspector or In- Penalty for spectors, who, after the Delivery to him of such Summons as ^°°e'f^Dd^ce aforesaid, or of a Copy thereof, shall wilfully neglect or refuse answer Ques-to attend in pursuance of such Summons, or to produce such tions.

Maps, Surveys, Books, or other Documents as he may be required to produce under the Provisions herein-before contained, or to answer upon Oath or otherwise such Questions as may be put to him by such Inspector or Inspectors under the Powers

herein

264

Admiralty may take Security for Payment of Expenses of Inquiry.

Petitioners for Private Bill to be deemed the Promoters.

Form of citing the Act.

Cap. 49, 50. Tithe Rentcharge Assessment 14 & 15 VICT.

herein contained, shall be liable to forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, which may be recovered before any Two or more Justices having Jurisdiction within the Town, District, or Place wherein such Inquiry shall be held; and on Conviction of the Offender, and in default of Payment of any such Penalty, such Justices shall be empowered and required to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals; and such Penalty shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County within which such Conviction shall take place in aid of the County Rate; provided that no Person, other than the Promoters of the proposed Act, or their Agents, shall be required to attend in obedience to any Summons, unless the reasonable Charges of his Attendance be paid or tendered to him, nor to travel in obedience thereto more than Ten Miles from his usual Place of Abode.

VI. Before instituting any such Inquiry the said Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners may, if they think fit, require and take such Security for the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses to be incurred by them in respect of such Inquiry (including the Remuneration of the Inspectors) as to them shall seem fit; and whenever any such Security is given, the Costs, Charges, and Expenses in respect whereof it is given shall, to such Amount as shall be certified by the said Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners (not exceeding the Extent or Amount of such Security), be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Person or Persons respectively by whom the same is entered into.

VII. The Persons whose Names shall be subscribed to the Petition for any Private Bill shall be deemed to be Promoters of such Bill for all the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding the Persons subscribing such Petition shall have signed for or on behalf of any other Party.

VIII. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal and other Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Preliminary Inquiries Act, 1851."

CAP. L.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, and an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, in respect of the Assessment of Tithe and Tithe Rentcharges for certain Rates.

[1st August 1851.]

\^HEREA S by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament ' of the Third and Fourth Year of His late Majesty King S&4W. 4. C. 90. William the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the s Eleventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourtky i for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and

Wales,

1851. Public Works (Ireland). Cap. 51. 265

6 Wales, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof it is provided, that in levying any Rate necessary for the Purposes of the said Act the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings,

and Property (other than Land) rateable to the Relief of the Poor in any Parish shall be rated at and pay a Rate in the Pound Three Times greater.than that at which the Owners and Occupiers of Land shall be rated at and pay for the Purposes of said Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for pro* n&i2V»ct.

moting the Public Health, it is among other things provided, c* 63 '

for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, that the Occupier of any Land used as Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground only shall be assessed in respect of the same in the i Proportion of One Fourth Part only of the net annual Value thereof: And whereas it is just that Tithes, Tithe Rentcharges, and other like Payments issuing out of Land should be assessed for the Purposes of the said Acts in the 6ame Proportion of their net annual Value of such Land itself: '

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thte present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Tithes, Tithe Rent- Tithes and charges. Mod uses. Compositions Real, and other Payments in to

lieu of Tithe, shall be assessed under the firstly-recited Act as be^w&se/as0 and in the same Proportion of their annual Value as Land, and Land, under the secondly-recited Act as and in the same Proportion of their annual Value as Land used as Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground only.

CAP. LI.

An Act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

[1st August 185L]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the i&aW, 4. c.S3.

Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

Chapter Thirty-three: And whereas another Act was passed 6 & 7 W.4. in the Seventh Year of the same Reign, Chapter One hundred c'108, and eight: And whereas another Act was passed in the First 7 W.4.& Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty- 1 Vict-c-21-one: And whereas another Act was passed in the Second i& 2 Vict. c. 88. Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third 2 & 3 Vict. c. 5o. Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Second Session 5&c Vict. c. 9. of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter Nine: And whereas another Act was passed in the s& 7 Vict. c. 44. Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter

4 Forty-

266

9 & 10 Vict. c.l.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 85.

14 & 15 Vict c. 23.

Appointment of Cammifluoners.

Treasury may, out of the 850,0002. per Annum granted by 14 & 15 Vict. c. 23., apply a Sum not exceeding 15,0002. per Quarter for Public Works in Ireland.

Cap. 51. Public Works (Ireland\ 14 & 15 VICT.

4 Forty-four: And whereas another Act was passed in the' 4 Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five: And whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty three, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are empowered,

by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them,

4 to charge the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to direct the Issue or Payment thereout to the Account of the Commissioners for the Time being for the Reduction of the National Debt, of a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, during the Five Years next ensuing the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter, the same to become due on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, the First Instalment thereof to become due and payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two: And whereas sundry Advances or Loans have been made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under the said first-recited Act, and the several Acts since passed for amending and extending the same, for the Purposes in the same Acts specified; and great Benefits have been derived therefrom, and further Advances or Loans are required for the like Objects:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the Commissioners of Public Works for the Time being shall be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act

II. That the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury? by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, may direct, from Time to Time, that out of the Sum not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum which by the said Act of this present Session of Parliament they are authorized to charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and which they are authorized to direct to be paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, during the Term of Five Years next ensuing the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, by quarterly Instalments or Issues not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds per Quarter as aforesaid, there shall issue and be paid unto the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, during the said Term of Five Years, a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Quarter, to be at the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works, as hereinafter

1831-

Public Works (Ireland).

Cap. 51. 267

after mentioned, such quarterly Instalments or Issues to become due on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, the First Instalment thereof to become and due payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

III. That for the Purpose of receiving the said quarterly The separate Instalments the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall continue or cause to be continued the separate be continued at Account already opened with them at the Bank of England the Bank of under the Title of u The Commissioners for the Seduction of En«laild* the National Debt on account of the Public Works Loan Fund for Ireland" which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to continue in their Books accordingly; and the said Commissioners for the Seduction of the National Debt shall continue and keep, or cause to be continued and kept, in their Office, a Book or Books, in which all Monies transferred to the said last-mentioned Account by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty shall be kept, apart from all other Monies, and such Monies shall be by the same Commissioners held subject to the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works for the several Purposes of the said first-recited Act and the other Acts amending the same, and of this Act.

IV. That when the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's vv*n Treasury Treasury shall have sanctioned any Loan under this Act or tionedLwi^0-any of the above-recited Acts, and the said Commissioners of Commissioners Public Works shall have ascertained that any Sum of Money of PubUcWork* is required to be issued on account of such Loan, they shall AmmmtoflMue forthwith certify the Amount of such Issue to the Commie- to Commiaion-sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, and in every such Certificate the Loan in Payment of tional

which such Issue is required, and the Party or Parties to whom such Issue is intended to be made, shall be stated; and upon upon Certifi-

every such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the said du^dPayment

Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the to be made.

Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, or Chief Clerk

acting under the last-named Commissioners, shall upon the

Back of such Certificate endorse and sign an Order for the

Payment of the Sum mentioned in such Certificate to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Governor and Company

of the Bank of Ireland, for the separate Account and Credit

of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, on account of the Public Works Loan Fund for Ireland, to be by him paid

over, on the Warrants of the said Commissioners of Public Works: Provided always, that Approval of such Issue by Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall appear on ^Haiueto

such Certificate under the Hand of One of their Secretaries, appear on c«r-

and that the Amount of such Issue shall not exceed the Sum tificate.

268

Order to be entered by the proper Officer, countersigned by the Actuary, and addressed to the Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall pay the same.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to furnish an annual Account for Audit.

Bank of Ireland to continue Account with Paymaster of Civil Services of Repayments.

Appropriation and Entry of Repayments.

Cap. 51. Public Works (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

for the Time being standing in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt subject to the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works.

V. That every such Order of the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, before the issuing thereof, shall be entered by the Clerk or other proper Officer, and shall be countersigned by the Actuary or other Check Officer acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and such Cashiers, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of every such Order, pay the Sum mentioned therein to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the Signature of One of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

VI. That the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall cause to be made up for Examination and Audit an annual Account to the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year of the Receipts, Payments, and Balances on the said Account so directed to be kept by them in respect of the said Public Works Loan Fund for Ireland as aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

VII. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall continue the Account already opened in their Books with the Paymaster of the Civil Services of Ireland under the Title of M The Paymaster of the Civil Services, on account of the Repayment of Loans for Public Works," and Monies which shall from Time to Time be repaid in respect of Loans made under this Act, or in respect of the Interest thereof, shall be carried to the Credit of the same Account.

VIII. That as soon as any Sum of Money shall have been so lodged to the Credit of the said Account of the Paymaster of Civil Services, on account of the Repayment of Loans for Public Works, the said Commissioners of Public Works shall, upon a Notification thereof, cause to be made out and delivered to the said Paymaster of Civil Services a Statement of the proper Appropriation of such Payment, whether for Account of Interest or Principal, or how much for each respectively, upon which the said Paymaster of Civil Services shall cause to be prepared accordingly the proper Receipt or Voucher, and send the same to the said Commissioners of Public Works, who shall thereupon cause the Sum or Slims therein mentioned to be entered on the Books of the said Commissioners, to the Credit of the Loan on account of which such Payment shall have been made, and such Receipt, when so entered, shall be delivered to the Party or Person on whose Account such Payment shall have been so made, and such Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Party or Person paying the same.

IX. That

1851.

269

Arrest of absconding Debtors. Cap. 51, 52.

IX. That every Sum of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the Paymaster of Civil Services, on account of the Repayment of Loans for Public Works under this Act, shall from Time to. Time, immediately on such Payments being made, be transferred to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to the Account kept by the Bank of England with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and, when so transferred, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

X. That all the Enactments contained in the said recited Acts relating to Public Works in Ireland, or any of them, shall, except as is herein otherwise provided, extend to this Act, and to all Things done or directed to be done by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the said Commissioners of Public Works, or their Secretary for the Time being, or any other Persons or Bodies Corporate, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, in such or the like Manner as if they had been particularly and severally re-enacted in the Body of this Act, or as near thereto as the Difference of the Circumstances will admit, except so far only as the same are amended or altered by any of the said Acts or by this Act.

CAP. LII.

An Act to facilitate the absconding Debtors.

more speedy Arrest of [1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force for the Arrest of

Debtors absconding from England are insufficient and i inadequate for that Purpose, by reason of the Delay which ' is occasioned in obtaining the necessary Process: And whereas ' Frauds ara perpetrated upon Creditors residing at a Distance

from London by Debtors embarking for distant. Countries from various Towns and Seaports in England: And whereas it is expedient to provide a more expeditious and efficacious

Mode of obtaining Process for the Arrest of Debtors about ' to quit England in all Cases where such Debtors are now

liable by Law to be arrested:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most -Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords _ Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Commissioner of the Court of Bankruptcy acting for any District in the Country, or the Judge of any District County Court, except the County Court Judges acting in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, on Application by or on behalf of any Creditor, upon due Proof by Affidavit, intituled in One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law,

of

All Suras paid into the Bank, of Ireland to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Powers of recited Acts as to Advances to have the same Force as if re-enacted in this Act.

Authority to Commissioners of Bankruptcy and Judges of County Courts to grant Warrants for the Arrest of absconding Debtors.

870

Cap. 52.

Arrest of absconding Debtors. 14 & 15 Vict.

of the Creditor applying, or of some other Person, or by solemn Affirmation in Cases in which solemn Affirmation is allowed by Law, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Judge, that a Debt of Twenty Pounds or upwards is owing to such Creditor, and is then payable^ from the Person or Persons against whom such Application shall be made, and that there . is probable Cause for believing that such Debtor or Debtors, unless he or they be forthwith apprehended, is or are about to quit England with Intent to avoid or delay the said Creditor, or with Intent to remain out of the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Law in England so long that thereby the said Creditor will or may be delayed in the Recovery of the said Debt, to grant a Warrant, such Warrant being in the Form and endorsed in the Manner specified in the Schedule A. to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, to the Messenger of the said Court of Bankruptcy, or to the High Bailiff of the said County Court, whereby the said Messenger or High Bailiff shall have Authority, at any Time within Seven Days after the Date of the said Warrant, including the Day of such Date, to arrest the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, and him or them safely keep until he or they shall have given Bail to such Messenger or High Bailiff, or made Deposit witlTTum, according to the Practice observed in the Superior Courts of Law, or until he shall have paid the Debt and Costs endorsed on the said Warrant, or be otherwise discharged from Arrest under^sucIT^Warrant by due Course of Law, and that such Warrant shall bear Date the Day of the issuing thereof, and may be executed in any Part of England, and that a Copy

of such Warrant or Warrants shall at the Time of the Arrest

Writ of Capias be served upon the Party arrested: Provided always, that

" *- every Creditor who shall cause such Warrant to issue shall forthwith cause to be issued _ a Writ of (^apias. and also, in Cases where no Action shall be pending, shall, before the issuing of such Writ of Capias, cause a Writ of Summons to be issued out of some One of the Superior Courts of Law against such Debtor or Debtors, and that upon such Capias all Mandates and Warrants shall issue according to the Practice now in use, notwithstanding that the Defendant shall have been arrested by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants granted by such Commissioner or Judge, and such Debtor or Debtors shall, if in Custody, be served with such Writ of Capias, within Seven Days from the Date of such Warrant, including the Day of such l)ate; and thereupon such Debtor or Debtors shall be considered and deemed to have been arrested by virtue of the said Writ of Capias, and all Proceedings shall be had upon such Writ of Capias as if the same had been issued prior to the issuing of such Warrant, and the Arrest made on such Writ of Capias, and according to the Practice now observed in the said Superior Courts of Law.

II. The Affidavit or Affirmation required by this Act may be sworn or made before such Commissioner or Judge, or before

any

to issue thereupon.

Before whom Affidavits to be sworn.

271

1851. Arrest of absconding Debtors. Cap. 52.

any Person having Authority to administer Oaths in any of the Courts of Law aforesaid.

III. The Warrant or Warrants which shall be issued by Warrants to be virtue of this Act shall be auxiliary only to the Processes now Writ of in use, and shall be wholly void and of none Effect whatsoever, CapUs.

as a Protection to the Person on whose Behalf such Warrant shall have issued, unless such Writ of Capias shall be issued and served in manner aforesaid.

IV. The Person to whom the Warrant hereby authorized to be issued shall be directed shall, immediately on the same being executed, endorse a Certificate thereupon of the Time and Place where the Debtor was arrested; and the Production of such Warrant and Certificate to the Sheriff of the County where such Warrants shall have issued, or to the Keeper of the Gaol of such County, shall be a sufficient Authority to such Sheriff or Keeper to detain such Debtor or Debtors until he or they shall be discharged by due Course of Law.

V. It shall be lawful for any Person arrested upon any such Warrant forthwith before the issuing of the said Writ of Capias to pay the Debt and Costs which shall be endorsed on gucn arrant to the said Messenger or High Bailiff as aforesaid, or to enter into a Bail Bond to such Messenger or High Bailiff, with Tyo sufficient Sureties, for the 4-moupt which" shall be endorsed on such Warrant, conditioned to put

Time and Place of Arrest of Debtor to be endorsed upon Warrant, and upon Production Sheriffs to detain such Debtor.

Persons arrested entitled to Discharge in certain Cases.

endorsed on such Warrant, conditioned to put in Special Sail . as required by the said Warrant, or to make Deposit of the Sum endorsed on such Warrant, together with Ten Pounds for Costs, and thereupon he shall be entitled to be discharged from Custody, and such Messenger or High Bailiff is hereby authorized to discharge such Person accordingly.

VI. As soon as the Person so arrested as aforesaid has been taken into Custody, or detained, under the Writ of Capias herein-before mentioned, the Force and Effect of the said Warrant so granted as aforesaid shall immediately cease and determine, and the said Sheriff shall hold the said Person under or by virtue of the said Writ of Capias, in like Manner as if the said Person had been first arrested under and by virtue of the same, or in case the Person so arrested shall have made .Deposit with the said Messenger or High Bailiff as aforesaid, or entered into such Bail Bond as aforesaid, then, upon Delivery to the Messenger or High Bailiff respectively by whom such Person was arrested of a Copy of the Warrant granted by the Sheriff upon such Writ of Capias as aforesaid, the said Messenger or High Bailiff shall pay over to such Sheriff as aforesaid the said Deposit, or assign to the said Sheriff such Bail Bond as aforesaid, and the said Sheriff shall then hold the said Deposit or Bail Bond, and shall be entitled to enforce the said Bail Bond in his own Name, or to assign the same in the same Manner as if the said Person had been first arrested on the said Writ of Capias, and the said Deposit had been made, or . Bail Bond entered into with the said Sheriff; provided

Effect of Writs of Capias on previous Proceedings.

Cap. 52.

Arrest of absconding Debtors. 14 & 15 VICT

always, that the said Sheriff shall not be in any Manner liable or answerable for any Default, Misbehaviour, or Miscarriage of the Person to whom such Warrant was addressed, or of the Person or Persons making the Arrest under and by virtue of the said Warrant: Provided also, that if no Writ of Capias be issued and served within Seven Days from the Date of the

[>f

said Warrant, including the Day__________

arrested under such \Varrant shall be entitled to be discharged

Endorsement on Warrant.

Persons arrested may apply to a Commissioner of Bankrupt, a Judge, or the Court named in the Warrant, for their Discharge.

Officer responsible for the due Execution of Warrant.

of such Date, the Person

Costs of such Warrant to be Costs in the

from Custody, or in case the Deposit has been made with, or Bail Bond given to, the said Messenger or High Bailiff, then the said Deposit shall be returned, and the said Bail Bond given up to be cancelled.

VII. Such Warrant shall be endorsed with the Amount of Debt and Costs claimed by the Plaintiff in such Manner as Writs of Capias are now directed to be endorsed, and on Payment of the Amount so endorsed all Proceedings shall be stayed, and the Person so arrested be discharged from Custody, and he shall be at liberty afterwards to tax the Costs so endorsed as if he had been arrested under a Writ of Capias.

Till. It shall be lawful for any Person for whose Arrest a Warrant shall have been granted to make Application, either before or after Arrest shall have been maTfeb^rfrtufr of the said 'Warrant, ancTbefore a Writ of Capias shall have been issued as aforesaid to any Commissioner of Bankrupt, or County Court Judge as aforesaid, or to any Judge of the said Superior Courts, or to the Court mentioned in the Affidavit of Debt or Warrant for the Arrest, for a Summons or Rule calling upon the Creditor who shall have obtained such Warrant to show Cause why the Warrant should not be set aside and vacated, if such Application shall be made before Arrest, or why the Debtor should not be discharged out of Custody, if the Application should be made after Arrest, and that it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Judge or Court to make absolute or discharge such Summons or Rule, and direct the Costs of the Application to be paid by either Party, or to make such other Order therein as to such Commissioriei4, Judge, or Court shall seem fit; provided that any such Order made by a Judge may be dischargecTor^varied by the Court, on Application made thereto by either Party dis* satisfied with such Order.

IX. The Officer to whom such Warrant shall be directed or addressed as aforesaid shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Court in which the Action shall be brought, or of any Judge thereof, and shall be responsible to such Court or Judge, and to the Person at whose Suit such Warrant shall issue, for the due Execution of the said "Warrant, in the same Manner exactly as Sheriffs are now responsible for the due Execution of all Writs of Capias directed or addressed to them, and shall be entitled to the same Protection as Sheriffs now are entitled to on executing such Writs.

j I X. The Costs of and attending the Warrant hereby authorized

//to be issued, and the Arrest thereon, shall be deemed to be Costs.

in

Arrest of absconding Debtors. Cap. 52. 273

in the Cause: Provided always, that no such Costs shall be Cause, except allowed to a Plaintiff unless the Court or the proper Officer h*rein Pr<>-thereof is satisfied, by Affidavit or otherwise, that the Plaintiff contrary.1*6 had good Reason to believe that he would probably have failed in causing the Defendant to be arrested if he had proceeded in the first instance by Application to a Judge of One of the Superior Courts for a Writ of Capias, without first applying to a Judge of a County Court or a Commissioner of the Court of Bankruptcy, as the Case may be, under the Provisions of this Act.

XI. The Fees mentioned in Schedule B. to this Act annexed Fees to be taken shall be paid to the Parties in the said Schedule named, and that

no other Fees shall be allowed or taken in respect of the Warrant to

to be issued by virtue of this Act, and that the Costs of the Writs of Capias and Summons shall be the same as if this Act had not passed; and the said Fees shall be deemed subject to be regulated, varied, increased, or lessened, either by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as regards such Fees as are receivable by any Officer of the County Court, or by the Lord Chancellor, with the like Consent as regards such Fees as are receivable by any Officer of the Court of Bankruptcy; and a Table of such Fees as are hereby receivable by any Officer of either Court respectively shall be put up in some conspicuous Place in the County Court and the Bankruptcy Court respectively.

XII. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, or in Short Title any Instrument, l)ocument, or Proceeding, it shall be sufficient of Act-

to use the Expression " The Absconding Debtors Arrest Act,

1851."

SCHEDULE A.

The Absconding Debtors Arrest Act, 1851.

Whereas A.B. [the Creditor] hath this Day proved upon Oath [or solemn Affirmation, as the Case mag 5e,] to my Satisfaction that CD. [the Debtor] is indebted to the said A.B. in the Sum of £, and that there is probable

Cause for believing that the said C.Z)., unless he be forthwith apprehended, is about to quit England with such Intent as is mentioned in the Absconding Debtors Arrest Act, 1851. These are to desire and authorize you, that you take the said C.D. wheresoever he maybe found, and him safely keep until he shall have given you Bail, or made Deposit with you according to Law in an Action ["on Promises," or "of Debt," or "Covenant," as the Cause of Action may be-] at the Suit of A.B., or until the said C.D. shall have paid the Debt and Costs endorsed on this Warrant, or shall by other lawful Means be discharged from your Custody. I do further Command you to whom this Warrant is directed, that on Execution hereof

274

Cap. 52. Arrest of absconding Debtors. 14 & 15 VICT.

you do deliver a Copy hereof to the said C.D. And I hereby require the said C.D. to take notice that Application will be made forthwith to the Court of [Queen's Bench, or Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or Common Pleas at Lancaster, or Pleas at Durham, as the Case may 5e,] for a Writ of Capias to be issued against the said C.D., and a Copy of such Writ if obtained will be served upon the said C.D., if still in Custody, within Seven Days from the Date of this Warrant, including the Day of such Date. And I do further command you to whom this Warrant is directed, that immediately after the Execution hereof you do certify by Endorsement hereon the Time and Place when and where you shall have executed the same. Dated the Day of A.D.

This Warrant is to be executed within Days from the Date hereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

(Endorsement)

This Warrant was issued by of Attorney

For the within-named

A Warning to the Defendant.

Within Seven Days from the Day of the Date of this Warrant, including the Day of such Date, you will be served with a Writ of Capias, and thereafter you will be considered as arrested by virtue of such Writ of Capias, and all Proceedings will be had upon the said Writ of Capias as if this Warrant had not issued, or you may be discharged forthwith on depositing in the Hands of the Officer to whom this Warrant is directed the Sum of £ and Ten Pounds for Costs, or on

Payment to such Officer of the Delrt and Costs endorsed on this Warrant, or on entering into a Bail Bond to such Officer, with Two sufficient Sureties, for the Amount endorsed on this Warrant.

The Plaintiff claims £ for Debt and £

for Costs.

Bail for the Sum of £ by Order of [the Party

issuing the Warrant].

SCHEDULE B.

Fees.

To the Attorney, for preparing the Affidavit of Debt, £ s. £ and showing that the Debtor is about to abscond, and Oath - - -0 10 0

To the same, for attending to issue the Warrant - 0 6 8

To the Clerk of the County Court on the issuing

of a Warrant - - -050

To

275

1851. Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissions. Cap. 53.

To the Party executing the Warrant, for the Caption 110 To the same, for every Mile from the Place where the Warrant shall be issuedto the Place where it shall be executed, a further Sum of - - 0 0 6

To the same, for every Mile from the Place where the Debtor shall be arrested to the Gaol where he shall be lodged, the further Sum of - - 0 1 0

CAP. LIII.

An Act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS the Appointments of the Tithe Commissioners for England and Wales, and the other Appointments and Powers of Appointment under the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-one, and the Acts continuing and amending the same, will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament; but certain Proceedings for the Commutation of Tithes under the said Acts have not been completed, and other Powers and Duties under such Acts have not been fully executed and performed: And whereas by the Act of the Session holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, the said Tithe Commissioners for the Time being were appointed to be "the Copyhold Commissioners 99 for carrying that Act into execution, and should the same not be fully carried into effect before the Duties of the said Tithe Commissioners should cease One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State was empowered to appoint any Number of fit Persons, not exceeding Three, to be such Copy-hold Commissioners: And whereas by the Act of the Session holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen, Provision was made for the Appointment of Two Persons, who, with the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, were to be the Commissioners for carrying that Act into execution, and were to be styled " The In closure Commissioners for England and Wales: " And whereas the said Acts relating to the said Copyhold and Inclosure Commissioners have been amended by other Acts t And whereas under an Act of the Session holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, and other Acts relating to the Drainage of Lands in Great Britain, certain Powers and Duties are vested in the said Inclosure Commissioners in relation to such Drainage: And whereas the Appointments and Powers of Appointment of the said Copyhold Commissioners and Inclosure Commissioners,

6 & 7 W. 4. C. 71.

4 & 5 Vict. c. S5.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

9 & 10 Vict c. 101.

276 C. 53. Copyhold, inclosure, and Tithe Commissions. 14 & 15 VICT.

and of their Assistant Commissioners, Secretaries, and other Officers, will expire at the End of the present Session

of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient to continue for the Period herein-after mentioned, and subject as herein pro-f vided, the Powers of Appointment contained in the said Act i of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty, and to transfer

to the Commissioners to be appointed thereunder the Duties ' and Powers of the said Inclosure Commissioners, and to pro-i vide for the Completion of the Proceedings for the Commutation of Titbes which have not been completed, and for the

Exercise and Performance of such of the Powers and Duties of the said Tithe Commissioners as remain to be exercised or s performed Be it therefore enacted by, the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

So much of I. So much of the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of 4&5 Vic^c. 35. jjer Majesty as authorizes the Appointment of Commissioners missioner *, &c. and other Officers as therein mentioned shall be continued for continued for Two Years next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and Two Years. thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the Powers of Appointment so continued shall be construed as authorizing such Appointments as aforesaid, for all Salary of a Com- the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Salary of ex^T^yoL° any Commissioner to be appointed under the Power hereby ' continued shall not exceed Fifteen hundred Pounds.

Commissioners II. The Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall be to come w the Commissioners for executing the said Acts of the Fourth and hofdandIndo- Fifth and the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, and the sure Commit- Acts amending, explaining, and extending the same, and the co^lete'prorating to the Drainage of Lands in Great Britain, in

ceedings under the Place of the said Copyhold Commissioners and inclosure Tithe Acts, and Commissioners respectively, and all the Powers and Duties of ^be^Powere said Tithe Commissioners which at the End of the present bow rested in Session of Parliament are not fully exercised and performed Copyhold, See. shall by virtue of this Act be transferred to and become vested Commissioners. in the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and where under any Act of Parliament any Powers or Duties are or may be vested hr or to be performed by the said Copyhold Commissioners, inclosure Commissioners, or Tithe Commissioners, or any or either of such Commissioners, all such Powers and Duties shall be vested in and performed by the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid; and the Commissioners appointed under this Act shall, in all Proceedings in the Exercise and Performance of the Powers and Duties to be exercised and performed by them under this Act, in the Place of the said Copyhold Commissioners, inclosure Commissioners, or Tithe Commissioners, adopt and use the Style and Seal of the Commissioners in whose Place they come under this Act in respect of such Powers and Duties.

III. It

277

1651. Copyhold, Inclosure) and Tithe Commissions. Cap. 53.

III. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct that such of the Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, Clerks, and Officers employed under the said Tithe Commissioners, Copyhold Commissioners, and Inclosure Commissioners respectively as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think necessary be continued so long as such Commissioners may think fit, under and for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Officers may be removed as if they had been appointed under the Powers hereby continued; and no Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, or other Officer shall be appointed by the Commissioners appointed under this Act without the Consent of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IV. All Appointments and Powers of Assistant Commissioners under the said Acts or any of them which may be in force immediately before the End of the present Session of Parliament shall respectively continue in force until revoked by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, subject nevertheless to the Provision next herein-after contained.

V. No Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, or other Officer or Person appointed or continued under this Act, shall hold his Office for a longer Period than Two Years next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and after the Expiration of the said Period of Two Years and of the then next Session of Parliament so much of this Act as authorizes any such Appointment shall cease.

VI. Save as herein provided all Provisions of any Acts applicable to the said Copyhold Commissioners, Inclosure Commissioners, and Tithe Commissioners respectively shall be applicable in like Manner to the Commissioners under this Act.

VII. Where, under the said Acts of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, and the Fourth and Fifth and the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, and the Acts amending, explaining, and extending the same respectively, or any of such Acts, or any other Acts of Parliament, Powers and Duties are vested in or to be performed by an Assistant Commissioner appointed by or under the said Tithe Commissioners, Copyhold Commissioners, or Inclosure Commissioners, such Powers and Duties shall and may be exercised and performed by an Assistant Commissioner appointed or continued under this Act; and all Provisions having, reference to any Assistant Commissioner appointed by the said Tithe Commissioners, Copyhold Commissioners, or Inclosure Commissioners shall be construed as having reference to an Assistant Commissioner appointed or continued under this Act.

VIII. All Acts, Matters, and Things commenced by or under the Authority of the said Copyhold Commissioners, Inclosure Commissioners, or Tithe Commissioners shall and may be carried on and completed by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners appointed under this Act; and such Commissioners, for the Purpose of prosecuting or defending and car-

S 3 tying

As to Continuance of Secretary and Officers.

Appointments and Powers of Assistant Commissioners continued.

Appointments under this Act limited to Two Yeats.

Provisions as to Copyhold, &c. Commissioners applicable to this Act.

Powers of Assistant Commissioners appointed by Tithe, Copyhold, or Inclosure Commissioners vested in Assistant Commissioners ap|>ointed or continued under this Act.

Matters commenced by Tithe Commissioners, &c. to be completed by Commissioners under this Act.

278

Extending Powers of third-recited Act to authorizing Reservation of Easements for working Mines.

8 & 9 Vict. c.l 18.

Cap. 53, 54. Commons Inclosure (No. 2.) 14 & 15 Vict.

rying on all Actions, Suits, or Proceedings pending at the Time of the First Appointment of Commissioners under this Act, shall come into the Place of such Copyhold Commissioners, Inclosure Commissioners, or Tithe Commissioners respectively.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the (said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, and the Acts amending the same, should be extended to authorize the Reservation of Easements for working Mines of the ' Lord of a Manor (whose Consent may be required to an Inclosure), although such Mines may not be under the Lands

to be inclosed:' Be it therefore enacted, That in the Provisional Order of the Commissioners concerning the Inclosure under the Provisions of the said Acts of any Waste Lands of any Manor it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to require, and in their Provisional Order to specify, as One of the Terms and Conditions of such Inclosure, the Reservation to the Lord of the Manor, his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, of Rights of Way and other Easements over the Lands intended to be inclosed, for working and carrying away any Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata the Property of the Lord of the Manor, not under the Lands proposed to be inclosed, and whether within the Manor or not within the Manor, and also for working and carrying away any Mines, Minerals, Stone, and other Substrata which may be intended to be reserved to or remain the Property of the Lord of the Manor under the Lands proposed to be inclosed, or for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and in case it shall have been so declared in such Provisional Order, then the Valuer shall and may reserve and award to the Lord of the Manor, his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, such Liberty to construct Railways, Waggon-ways, and Roads, and such Rights of Way and other Easements over the Lands intended to be inclosed, for working and carrying away any such Mines, Minerals, Stone, or other Substrata, the Property of the Lord of the Manor as aforesaid, as by the Valuer, with the Approbation of the Commissioners, shall be thought reasonable, and as shall not be inconsistent with the Terms of such Provisional Order; subject to such Provisions for Compensation for Damage to be done to the Surface in the Exercise and Enjoyment of such Rights and Easements as to the Valuer, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall be thought reasonable.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of* a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

[1st August 185L]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and ' Wales have, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth

Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act c to facilitate the inclosure and Improvement of Commons and

1851.

279

Expenses of Prosecutions. Cap. 54, 55.

Lands held in Common, the Exchange of Lands, und fAe Division of intermixed Lands, to provide Remedies for defective ' or incomplete Executions, awrf for the Non-execution of the i Powers of General and Local Inclosure Acts, and to provide ' for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases, issued their ' Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures ' mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the requisite ' Consents have been duly given: And whereas the said Commissioners have by a Special Report certified their Opinion

that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of ' Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1851."

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Hadleigh Common Essex 14th February 1851.

Hainworth and Lees York - - 6th February 1851.

East Anstey Devon - 20th March 1851.

Pitfold Manor Surrey - 14th March 1851.

Letton Common and The *) Fleete - J Hereford - 24th April 1851.

Skidbrooke-cum-Saltfleet Lincoln - 14th March 1851.

South Somercotes - Lincoln - 20th March 1851.

Rudgwick - Sussex - 14th March 1851.

Bentley Southampton 13th November 1850.

West hall - Suffolk - 22d May 1851.

Aylesford Kent - - 24th April 1851.

Edgware Middlesex - 14th March 1851.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders, in certain Cases.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, certain Provi-t sions were made relating to the Allowance of Costs, Expenses, and Compensations to Prosecutors and Witnesses in

S 4 Cases

Inclosures mentioned in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

7 G. 4.C. 6I.

280

Cap. 55«

Expenses of Prosecutions. 14 & 15 VICT.

So much of 7 O. 4. c. 64. s. 23. as to Expenses before Magistrate, &c. repealed.

Power of Courts to allow Expenses in Prosecutions for certain Misdemeanors extended to other Misdemeanors.

Parties bound by Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence on Bills of Indictment for common Assaults to be allowed Costs as in Cases of Felony.

Cases of Prosecutions for Felonies and certain Misdemeanors

therein mentioned, and the Regulation and ascertaining of such Costs and Expenses, and relating to the Allowance of

Compensation to Persons who may have been active in the Apprehension of Offenders or Persons charged with Offences;

and Provisions have been made by other Acts relating to Costs, Expenses, and Compensations in Cases of Prosecutions in respect of the Offences therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Costs, Expenses, and Compensations in Cases of Criminal Prosecutions Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. So much of Section Twenty-three of the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth as provides that in Cases of Misdemeanor the Power of ordering the Payment of Expenses and Compensation shall not extend to the Attendance before the examining Magistrate, shall be repealed.

II. All the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, as amended by this Act, authorizing and empowering Courts to order Payment of Costs and Expenses, and Compensation for Trouble and Loss of Time, in Cases of the several Misdemeanors enumerated in Section Twenty-three of the said Act of King George the Fourth, and concerning Orders for Payment of such Costs, Expenses, and Compensation, and the Payment thereof, and all the Provisions of any other Act for, concerning, or applicable to the Payment of such Costs, Expenses, and Compensation in Cases of the said Misdemeanors, shall extend and be applicable in the Case of any of the Misdemeanors herein-after mentioned; namely, unlawfully and carnally knowing and abusing any Girl being above the Age of Ten Years and under the Age of Twelve Years; unlawfully taking or causing to be taken any unmarried Girl, being under the A^e of Sixteen Years, out of the Possession and against the Will of her Father or Mother, or of any other Person having the lawful Care or Charge of her; conspiring to charge any Person with any Felony, or to indict any Person of any Felony; conspiring to commit any Felony.

III. And whereas by an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, it is enacted, that 4 w here any Person shall unlawfully assault or beat any other Person, it shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint of the Party aggrieved, to hear and determine such Offence; and it is by the said Act provided, that in case the Justices shall find the Assault or Battery complained of to have been accompanied by any Attempt to commit Felony, or shall be of opinion that the same is from any other Circumstance a fit Subject for a Prosecution by Indictment, they shall abstain from any Adjudication thereupon, and shall deal with the Case in all respects in the same Manner as

they

1851.

281

Expenses of Prosecutions.

Cap. 55.

they would have done before the passing of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that Courts before whom such Indictments shall be tried shall have Power to order Payment of Costs to Parties so bound by Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence Be it enacted, That in every Case of Assault so brought before such Justices for summary Decision in which the Justices shall be of opinion that the same is a fit Subject for Prosecution by Indictment, and shall thereupon bind the Complainant and Witnesses in Recognizance to prosecute and give Evidence at the Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, every such Court is hereby authorized and empowered at its Discretion to order Payment of the Costs and Expenses of the Prosecutor and Witnesses so appearing before such Court under such Recognizance, together with Compensation for their Trouble and Loss of Time, in the same Manner as Courts are authorized and empowered to order the same in Cases of Felony.

IV. So much of the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth as empowers the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Division, or of any Liberty, Franchise, City, Town, or Place chargeable with Costs and Expenses as therein mentioned, in Quarter Sessions assembled, to establish and alter Regulations as to the Rate of any Costs and Expenses to be allowed by virtue of that Act, shall be repealed: Provided always, that all such Regulations in force at the Time of the passing of this Act shall continue in force until revoked, or until Regulations in relation to the Matter thereof are made under the Powers of this Act

V. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to revoke any Regulations made under the Provision herein-before repealed, and to make Regulations as to the Rates or Scales of Payment of all or any Costs, Expenses, and Compensations to be allowed or ordered to be paid under the said Act or any other Act or this Act to Prosecutors and Witnesses, and to Persons attending the Court in obedience to any Recognizance or Subpoena, in Cases of Criminal Prosecutions, and (except as herein-after mentioned) to Persons who may have been active in or towards the Apprehension of Persons charged with Offences, and also Regulations as to the Rates or Scales of Payment according to which Certificates may be granted by the examining Magistrate or Magistrates in respect of the Expenses of any Prosecutor, or Witness or Witnesses for the Prosecution, or other Person, of attending before such Magistrate or Magistrates, and of any Compensation for Trouble and Loss of Time therein, in any Case where any Court or Judge is empowered under the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth or any other Act or this Act to order Payment of such Expenses or Compensation, and concerning the Forms of such Certificates and the Details or Particulars to be inserted therein of the Expenses, Trouble, and Loss of Time to which such Certificates relate, and it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries

So much of 7 G. 4. c. 64. as empowers Quarter Sessions to make Regulations as to Cottsand Expenses repealed.

Secretary of Stale may make Regulations as to Costs, Expenses, and Compensations, and Certificates to be granted by examining Magistrates.

Expenses and Compensations to be ascertained according to such Regulation, and Magistrates Certificate not to be conclusive.

Act not to interfere with Payments in respect of extra ordinary Courage, Diligence, and Exertions.

Powers given to Judges by 7 G. 4. c. 64. to order Payments in respect of the Apprehension of certain Offenders extended to Courts of Sessions of the Peace.

Cap. 55.

JExpenses of Prosecutions. 14 & 15 VICT.

of State from Time to Time to alter any such Regulations, or make new Regulations in relation to any of the Matters aforesaid, and such Regulations for the Time being shall be binding on all Courts and Persons whomsoever.

VI. Where any Court or Judge empowered under the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, or under any other Act or this Act, in this Behalf, shall order Payment to any Prosecutor, or Witness or Witnesses for the Prosecution, or to any Person attending the Court in obedience to any Recognizance or Subpoena, in the Case of any Prosecution for Felony or any Misdemeanor or Offence, of any Costs or Expenses incurred, or of any Compensation for Trouble or Lose of Time, or order Payment (except as herein-after mentioned) to any Person who may appear to have been active in or towards the Apprehension of any Person charged with any Offence of Compensation for Expenses, Exertions, and Loss of Time in or towards such Apprehension, the Amount of such Costs, Expenses, or Compensation shall be ascertained by the proper Officer of the Court according to the Regulations made under this Act; and where the Expenses and Compensation in respect of attending before any examining Magistrate or Magistrates are so ordered to be paid, such Expenses and Compensation shall also be ascertained by the proper Officer of the Court according to such Regulations, but the Amount thereof as so ascertained shall not exceed the Amount mentioned in the Certificate of the examining Magistrate or Magistrates, and, save as aforesaid, the Certificate of any examining Magistrate or Magistrates shall not be conclusive as to the Amount to be allowed for Expenses of Attendance before him or them, or for Compensation for Trouble or Loss of Time therein.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act or in any Regulations under this Act shall interfere with or affect the Power of any Court to order Payment to any Person who may appear to such Court to have shown extraordinary Courage, Diligence, or Exertion in or towards any such Apprehension as herein-before mentioned of such Sum as such Court shall think reasonable and adjudge to be paid in respect of such extraordinary Courage, Diligence, or Exertion.

VIII. And whereas by the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth any Court of Oyer and Terminer ' and Gaol Delivery, and other Courts therein mentioned, are

empowered to order Compensation to be paid to Persons who shall appear to the Court to have been active in or towards the Apprehension of any Person charged with Murder ' or with any other of the Crimes therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to extend such Power to Courts of ' Sessions of the Peace Be it enacted, That when any Person appears to any Court of Sessions of the Peace to have been active in or towards the Apprehension of any Party charged with any of the Offences in the said Enactment mentioned which such Sessions may have Power to try, such Court of

Sessions

1851. Expenses of Prosecutions. Cap. 55. 28$

Sessions shall have Power to order Compensation to be paid to such Person in the same Manner as the other Courts in the said Enactment mentioned; provided that such Compensation to any One Person shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and that every Order for Payment to any Person of such Compensation be made out and delivered by the proper Officer of the Court unto such Person without Fee or Payment for the 6ame.

IX. And whereas it may be expedient to authorize the Clerks of the

Payment of Clerks of the Peace and such other Clerks as ^piMbjr m*7

herein-after mentioned by Salaries instead of Fees Be it Salaries in lieu enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of FeCS *

at their General or Quarter Sessions for the several Counties,

Ridings, Divisions of Counties, and Liberties throughout England and Wales, Notice being given at the preceding Quarter Sessions that a Motion will be made for such Purpose, and the Council or other governing Body in every Borough in England and Wales, from Time to Time, if they see fit so to do, to recommend to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that the Clerks of the Peace, the Clerks of Special and Petty Sessions, and the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, or any of such Clerks as aforesaid, be paid by Salaries in lieu of 'Fees and other Payments, or where any such Clerks are for the Time being paid by Salaries, by virtue of any Order made under this Act or otherwise, to recommend that the Amounts of all or any of the Salaries for the Time being payable be reconsidered, or that all or any of such Clerks for the Time being paid by Salaries be paid by Fees in lieu of Salary, and where Payment by Salary in lieu of Fees or the Reconsideration of the Amounts of any Salaries is recommended, to state the Amount of Salary which in the Opinion of such Justices, Council, or governing Body should in each Case be paid; and every such Recommendation being signed by the Chairman of the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or the Mayor or other Head Officer of the Borough, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State; and it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, when any such Recommendation is so made to him, by Order under his Hand, if he so think fit, to direct that all or any of the Clerks to which such Recommendation refers be paid by Salary, and to fix the Amount of Salary to be so paid, or vary the Amount of Salary for the Time being payable to any such Clerk, or to direct that any such Clerk for the Time being paid by Salary be paid by Fees in lieu of Salary; and such Secretary of State shall cause Copies of every Order made under this Enactment affecting any Clerk of the Peace, or any Clerks of Special Sessions or Petty Sessions, or Clerks to the Justices within the District of any Clerk of the Peace, to be transmitted to such Clerk of the Peace, to be by him distributed, where Occasion shall require, to such other Clerks as aforesaid; and the Salary for the Time being payable to any such Clerk under any such

Order

Certain Business may be excepted in fixing the Salaries.

Clerlts paid by Salaries to account for Fees.

Cap. 55. Expenses of Prosecutions. 14 & 15 VICT.

Order shall be paid out of any County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, made in the County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, or out of the Borough Fund of the Borough, as the Case may be, for or in which such Clerk of the Peace or other Clerk to whom the same is payable is appointed or acts: Provided always, that in fixing the Amount of any Salary to be paid to any Clerk of the Peace or other Clerk appointed before the passing of this Act regard shall be had to the Tenure of his Office and to his Rights in respect thereof, but no Clerk of the Peace or other such Clerk as aforesaid appointed after the passing of this Act shall be entitled to any Compensation on account of any Reduction of his Emoluments occasioned by any Order made under this Enactment: Provided also, that no Order shall be made in pursuance of any Recommendation of the Council or governing Body of any Borough in relation to the Mode of Payment or the Amount of Salary of any such Clerk other than the Clerk of the Peace for such Borough, unless the Justices of such Borough at a Meeting of such Justices approve of such Recommendation, and such Approval be certified to such Secretary of State, under the Hand of the Chairman of such Meeting.

X. Provided that any such Court of Sessions, or Council, or governing Body may, where they see fit, recommend that any Description (to be specified in the Recommendation) of the Business of any Clerk whom they may recommend to be paid by Salary should not be included in fixing the Amount of such Salary, but that such Clerk should be remunerated for the same by such Fees or other Payments as may be payable to him in respect thereof; and where any Order is made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of such Recommendation as last aforesaid, such Clerk shall be entitled to receive, for his own Use, the like Fees or Payments in respect of the Business in such Recommendation specified in this Behalf as he would be so entitled to receive if not paid by Salary; and, save as aforesaid, where any Clerk is paid by Salary under any Order made by virtue of this Act, such Salary shall include and be deemed the Remuneration for all Business which such Clerk may, by reason of his Office, be called on to perform; and no other Payment shall be made for any such Business, or for or to a Deputy of any such Clerk.

XT. Save as herein-before provided, all the Fees which any such Clerk as aforesaid would have been for the Time being entitled to receive to his own Use if such Order had not been made shall, so long as any Order for Payment of such Clerk by Salary in lieu of Fees is in force, be by him received and paid in any County, Riding, Division, or Liberty to the Treasurer in aid of the County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, of such County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, and in any Borough to the Treasurer in aid of the Borough Fund, and such Fees shall be accounted for from Time to Time in such Manner and under such Regulations as the Justices at Quarter

Sessions,

1851.

Expenses of Prosecutions.

Cap. 55.

285

Sessions, or in any Borough the Council or other governing Body, may direct.

XII. Where any Clerk is paid by Salary by virtue of any Fees may be Older made under this Act, any Justices or Justice before remitted by whom any Proceeding is had, whereon a Fee is payable which Justices* should be accounted for by such Clerk under this Act, or before whom any Person is summoned for Nonpayment of any such Fee, may remit such Fee in whole or in part for Poverty or other reasonable Cause, in their or his Discretion, and in every such Case the Justices or Justice by whom any Fee is wholly or in part remitted shall cause an Entry to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by such Clerk, of the Nature and Amount of the several Fees so remitted, and of the Reason for the Remission in such Case, which Entry shall be signed by the Justice or Two or more of the Justices authorizing such Remission, and shall be a sufficient Voucher to discharge the Clerk therefrom.

XIII. And whereas by the Act of the Session holden in So much of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth,

4 Chapter Thirty-six, it was enacted, that the Justices of the justices of 1 Peace acting in and for the Cities of London and Westminster, London, &c.

the Liberty of the Tower of London, the Borough of South-

work, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, &c., repealed.

i should not, at their respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, try any Person or

(Persons charged with any of the Offences therein mentioned

committed or alleged to be committed within the Limits of that Act Be it enacted, That the said recited Enactment

shall be repealed: Provided always, that such Repeal shall not Such Repeal

be construed to give Authority to the said Justices of the Peace

to try any Person or Persons for any Offence which the Justices offence* n?

of the Peace acting in and for any County, Riding, Division, or *tmined from

Liberty are restrained from trying under the Act of the Session

holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter ITss *

Thirty-eight.

XIV. So much of the Act of the Session holden in the p«puty to A*- Seventh and Eighth Year of Her Majesty as requires that any Person to be appointed a Deputy to the Assistant Judge of the Session need not Court of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Middlesex be in Com-should be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County, of *

and qualified by Law to act as a Justice of the Peace, shall be repealed, but any Person, being a Serjeant or Barrister at Law of not less than Ten Years standing, may, in the Cases and with the Allowance and in the Manner therein mentioned, be appointed such Deputy *

XV. The Court of Quarter or General Sessions or Adjourned A* to Power *

Session of the Peace f or the County of Middlesex shall possess s<»-

the same Powers for dividing such Court of Quarter or General sion* for Mid-or Adjourned Sessions as are now possessed by the Courts of d., e^x for di-Quarter and General and Adjourned Sessions of the Peace in

Counties in which there is an Order in force for the Appointment

286

Cap. 55.

Expenses of Prosecutions. 14 & 15 Vict.

to appoint a Deputy to preside as Chairman with Justices appointed to sit apart.

When Presence of One of such Justices not essential.

So much of 9G.4.0. 43. and 0 & 7 W. 4. 13. as ex-

11 & 12 Vict.

CC. 42.&43.

When Power ment of a permanent Chairman and Deputy Chairman; and ^st«it Judge whensoever such Court shall exercise such Power the Assistant Judge shall appoint a Person qualified to act as Deputy Assistant Judge to preside as Chairman with the Justices who shall be appointed to sit apart: Provided always, that the Name of the Person who shall be so appointed shall at some previous Time have been transmitted to and approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as a nt and proper Person to be from Time to Time appointed as such Deputy Assistant Judge.

XVI. The Presence of One of the Justices so as aforesaid set apart shall not be essential to the Formation of the Court in which such Deputy Assistant Judge shall preside, but the Jurisdiction of such Justices shall not be in any way lessened by such Appointment.

XVII. So much of an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-three, and of an Act of the Session

________ holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the

empts Middle-'' Fourth, Chapter Twelve, as enacts that nothing therein con-sex repealed* tained shall extend to the County of Middlesex, shall be repealed, and the said Acts shall be construed and take effect as if the County of Middlesex had not been excepted from the Operation thereof.

XVIII. And whereas by Section Thirteen of the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Provision is made for indorsing such Warrants as therein mentioned by any Officer within any of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, who shall have Jurisdiction to issue any Warrant or Process in the Nature of a Warrant for the Apprehension of Offenders, and other Provisions are made in the same Act, and in the Act of the same Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, by reference to the Enactment of the said Section, and Doubts have arisen by whom Warrants should be indorsed in the said Isles pursuant to the said Provisions: Be it enacted, That

moxea in me the Bailiffs of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, or in their Channel Islands, respective Absence the Lieutenant Bailiffs of such Islands r# spectively, Within their respective Bailiwicks or Jurisdiction^ the Judge of Alderney, or in his Absence any Jurat of such Island within such Island, and the Seneschal of Sark, or in his Absence his Deputy within such Island, shall have all such Power and Authority to indorse Warrants as by the said Acts respectively is given or expressed or intended to be given to any Officer within any of such Isles having Jurisdiction to issue any Warrant or Process in the Nature of a Warrant for the Apprehension of Offenders, and for such Purpose shall have Authority to administer an Oath, and all the Provisions of the said Acts shall be construed as if the Officers authorized to indorse Warrants by this Enactment had been so authorized by the said Section of the first-mentioned Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty.

XIX Whenever

By whom Warrants to be' backed in the

287

Expenses of Prosecutions. Cap. 55.

XIX. Whenever any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or

Coroner, acting for any County of a City or County of a Town Corporate within which Her Majesty has not been pleased for Five Years next before the passing of this Act to direct a Commission of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery to be executed, and until Her Majesty shall be pleased to direct a Commission of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery to be executed within the same, shall commit for safe Custody to the Gaol or House of Correction of such County of a City or Town any Person charged with any Offence committed within the Limits of such County of a City or Town not triable at the Court of Quarter Sessions of the said County of a City or County of a Town, the Commitment shall specify that such Person is committed pursuant to this Act, and the Recognizances to appear to prosecute and give Evidence taken by such Justice, Justices, or Coroner shall in all such Cases be conditioned for Appearance, Prosecution, and giving Evidence at the Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the next adjoining County; and whenever any such Person shall be so committed, the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction shall deliver to the Judges of Assize for such next adjoining County a Calendar of all Prisoners in his Custody so committed, in the same way that the Sheriff of the County would be by Law required to do if such Prisoners had been committed to the Common Gaol of such adjoining County; and the Justice, Justices, or Coroner by whom Persons charged as aforesaid may be committed, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of the Court the several Examinations, Informations, Evidence, Recognizances, and Inquisitions relative to such Persons at the Time and in the Manner that would be required in case such Persons had been committed to the Gaol of such adjoining County by a Justice or Justices, or Coroner, having Authority so to commit, and the same Proceedings shall and may be had thereupon at the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for such adjoining County as in the Case of Persons charged with Offences of the like Nature committed within such County. v *

XX. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, or Division, by Order made for that Purpose, to declare that an^r Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Riding, or Division is a fit Prison for Persons committed for Trial at the Assizes for such County, or for the County of such Riding or Division; and every such Order shall be signed by the Chairman of such Sessions, and transmitted to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and in case such Secretary of State see fit to approve such Order, then, after the Approval thereof under the Hand of such Secretary of State, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Coroner, acting for such County, Riding, or Division, to commit for safe Custody for Trial at the next Assizes, to such Gaol or House of Correction,

GooWc

In certain Counties of Cities and Towns Prisoners may be committed and tried at Assizes held for adjoining County.

Justices to declare when Gaols or Houses of Correction are fit Prisons for Persons committed for Trial.

Cap. 55. Expenses of Prosecutions. 14 & 15 VICT.

Prisoners so committed to be removed to County Gaol previous to Trial

Prisoners while under Removal to be deemed in proper legal Custody.

any Person charged with any Offence triable at the Assizes for such County, or for the County of such Hiding or Division; and the Commitment shall specify that such Person is committed under the Authority of this Act; and the Recognizances to appear to prosecute and give Evidence taken by such Justice, Justices, or Coroner shall in all such Cases be conditioned for Appearance, Prosecution, and giving Evidence at the Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the County; and the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction shall deliver to the Judges of Assize a Calendar of all Prisoners in Custody for Trial at such Assizes, in the same Way that the Sheriff* of the County would be by Law required to do if such Prisoners had been committed to the Common Gaol of such County; and the Justice, Justices, or Coroner by whom Persons charged as aforesaid may be committed shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of the Court of Assize the several Examinations, Informations, Evidence, Recognizances, and Inquisitions relative to such Persons at the Time and in the Manner that would be required in case such Persons had been committed for Trial as aforesaid to such Common Gaol, and the same Proceedings shall and may be had thereupon at the Sessions of Oyer mid Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for such County as in the Cose of Persons so committed to such Common Gaol.

XXI. All Persons who may under the Authority of this Act be committed to the Gaol or House of Correction of any County of a City or County of a Town Corporate for Trial at the Assizes to be holden for the next adjoining County, or to any Gaol (other than the Common Gaol of the County) or House of Correction for any County, Hiding, or Division for Trial at the Assizes for such County, or for the County of such Hiding or Division, shall in due Time, without Writ of Habeas corpus or other Writ for that Purpose, be removed by the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, with their Commitments and Detainers, to the Common Gaol of such County, in order that they may be tried at the Assizes to be holden for such County, and such Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

XXII. Every Prisoner so removed shall, for and during the Time of such Removal, and for and during the Time of his being removed back to the Gaol or House of Correction from which he may have been brought, when and as often as he shall for any Reason be so removed back, and also for and during such Time as he may be detained in the County Gaol, and until he shall be delivered by due Course of Law, be to nil Intents and Purposes deemed and considered to be in the proper legal Custody, notwithstanding he may in effecting such Removal have been taken or detained out of the Jurisdiction of the County of City or Town, or out of the Jurisdiction of the County, Riding, or Division, to the Gaol or House of Correction of which he may have been originally committed, into any other Jurisdiction, or out of the County to the Common Gaol of which he is

removed

1851.

289

Charitable Institutions Notices. Cap. 55, 56.

removed into or through any other County or Division of a County; and no Action or other Proceeding shall or may be maintained by such Prisoner, or by any other Person, against the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or House of Correction from which such Prisoner is removed, or against the Gaoler or Keeper of the Common Gaol of the County, by reason or in consequence of such Prisoner having been taken out of the Jurisdiction of such County of a City or Town, County, Riding, or Division from the Gaol or House of Correction of which such Prisoner is removed, into any other Jurisdiction, or out of such County to the Common Gaol of which he is removed into or through any ether County or Division of a County.

XXIII. All the Provisions of the Act of the Fifty-first Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred, applicable to Convictions in pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-two, and to the Execution of the Sentences passed upon any Convicts on such Convictions, and all the Provisions of the said Acts respectively concerning the Payment of Expenses, shall be applicable in all Cases of Persons who may be tried in or removed for Trial to any adjoining County in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, in like Manner as in Cases of Persons tried in or removed for Trial to any adjoining County in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of King George the Third.

XXIV. For the Purposes of this Act the Counties named in the Second Column of Schedule (C.) to the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, shall be considered next adjoining the Counties of Cities and Towns Corporate in the First Column of the same Schedule in conjunction with which they are respectively named.

XXV. This Act shall not extend to Ireland or to Scotland.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to sanction the Service by Post of Notices relative to the Proceedings of certain charitable In stitutions, and to make farther Provision as to the Service of such Notices in future.

[1st August 1851.]

A

A

A

A

WHEREAS great Inconvenience has been occasioned, and may be occasioned, to incorporated and other charitable Institutions in England, by reason of Courts, Boards, and Meetings of Governors, Members, or Subscribers, and Elections of Presidents, Patrons, Treasurers, Hospitallers, Masters, Physicians, Surgeons, and other Officers of or to, and Recipients of the Benefits conferred by, such Institutions respectively, having from Time to Time taken place, of which the Notices or some of them have been issued through the T ' Post,

The Provisions of 38 G. 3. c. 52. and 51 G. 3. c. 100. as to Execution of Sentences, and as to Costs, extended to this Act.

What to be deemed the next adjoining County.

Extent of Act.

Court *, fee. already held and not avoided, ftc. to be considered as having taken place after proper Notices served.

After passing of this Act all Notices may be sent by Post, fee.

Cap. 56.

Charitable Institutions Notices. 14 & 15 VICT.

4 Post, by the extreme Difficulty of proving the Service of such Notices, and by the Want of sufficient Provisions in the Charters, Statutes, Laws, or Buies of such Institutions *

4 to the Service of Notices thereby required to be given: And whereas it is expedient immediately to provide a Remedy for the Inconvenience and Defects before mentioned Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That every such Court, Board, or Meeting, the Acts whereof have not already been avoided or annulled by some Court of Law or Equity, nor are now the Subject of some Action, Suit, or other Proceeding for the Avoidance or annulling thereof now pending in some Court of Law or Equity, nor have been avoided or annulled by some subsequent regular Court, Board, or Meeting (as the Case may be) of any such Institution as aforesaid, and every such Election as aforesaid which hath not already been avoided or annulled nor brought into Litigation as aforesaid, nor avoided or annulled by some subsequent regular Election to the same Office or Benefit, shall be considered to have taken place respectively after sufficient Notice duly served on all Persons who ought to have had Notice thereof.

II. That from and after the passing of this Act ajl Notices to the Governors or Members of or Subscribers to- any present or future charitable Institution in England* whether incorporated or not, which by the Charter, Statutes, Laws, or Buies (as the Case may be) of such Institution for the Time being are or shall be required to be given, may be served by the 6&me being transmitted through the Post, directed according to the Address given in the List of the Governors or Members of or Subscribers to such Institution for the Time being in use at the chief Establishment thereof, in such Time as to admit of their Delivery in the due Course of Delivery by Post at or before such Period (if any) as is or shall be prescribed by the Charter, Statutes, Laws, or Rules (as the Case may be) for the Time being of such Institution for the giving of such Notices; and in proving such Service it shall be sufficient to prove that such Notice was so directed as aforesaid, and put into a General Post Office in such Time as aforesaid; but so nevertheless that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to render invalid any personal Service of any Notice, or to render necessary to the effectual Service of any Notice any further Act, Matter, or Thing than would have been required for the Service thereof by the Charter, Statutes, Laws, or Rules for the Time being of the Institution which the same shall concern if this Act had not passed; and that no Notice of any intended Court, Board, Meeting, or Election shall be required to be served, either by Post or otherwise, on any Governor or Member of

or

1851.

291

Civil Bills, §*c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57 *

or Subscriber to any such Institution who shall not for the Time being be within the United Kingdom, anything in any such Charter, Statutes, Laws, or Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill

has been found beneficial to the Queen's Subjects in c Ireland; And whereas it would conduce to the Improvement

of the Administration of Justice there if the several Statutes r and Parts of Statutes relating to the Recovery of Small Debts

by Civil Bill, and of Tenements by Civil Bill Ejectments, ' and relating in other respects to the Jurisdiction of the Civil

Bill Courts, were consolidated, with such Additions and Alter- ationa as herein-after contained, and that the existing Acts ' relating to the said Matters should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Commencement of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Acts set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed to the Extent to which such Acts or Parts of Acts are by such Schedule expressed to be repealed, and every other Act or Acts and such Parts of every other Act or Acts as shall be inconsistent with this Act, shall be and they are hereby repealed, except as to anything heretofore done, and except so for as any of the said Acts or Parts of Acts, whether mentioned or included in the said Schedule or not, repeal any former Act or Part of an Act, and except also so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Proceeding heretofore taken or to be taken after the Commencement of this Act upon any Proceeding by Civil Bill before the Commencement of this Act, and except as to the Recovery and Application of any Penalty for any Offence which shall have been committed before the Commencement of this Act.

II. The Person now holding the Office of Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin shall continue to hold the said Office as he heretofore has held the same; and that every Assistant Barrister already appointed for any County or Riding shall continue to hold his Office under and by force of this Act, and shall hold the same during good Behaviour, and no longer; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant

by

or

Certain Acts and Parts of Acts repealed.

Chairman of the County oj Dublin.

The present Chairman to continue in Office.

292

Assistant

Barristers.

Appointment of Assistant Barristers, including an Assistant Barrister (in future) for the County of Dublin.

Oath of Chairman,

Assistant Barristers to take the following Oath before Lord Chancellor before they act.

Oath.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, or of any Assistant Barrister already appointed or hereafter to be appointed, to nominate and appoint to the Office of Assistant Barrister for the said County of Dublin (in the Place and Stead of a Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the said County), and for each and every other County and Riding, a practising Barri8ter-at-Law of Ten Years standing at the least, who shall have actually practised Ten Years in Her Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, and shall not at the Time of his Appointment to such Office have retired from such Practice; and that every Assistant Barrister hereafter to be appointed, including every Assistant Barrister to be appointed for the said County of Dublin, shall also hold his Office during good Behaviour, and no longer: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to remove any such Assistant Barrister from his Office upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and the said Chairman and every Assistant Barrister shall be sole Judge of the Civil Bill Court to be holdetr under this Act, and shall be ipso facto in the Commission of the Peace, and a Justice of the Peace for the County for which or for any Riding of which he shall be so appointed, even: though no Commission should be issued for the Purpose, and shall duly attend at every Session of the Peace and Adjournment thereof holden in such County or Riding, and shall continue such Attendance during the whole of every Session and every Adjournment thereof, save and except such Sessions or Adjournments as shall be held for any other Purpose than the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases, and the hearing of Causes in manner herein mentioned by Civil Bill, and shall by virtue of his Office be and preside as Chairman of the Justices at General or Quarter Sessions, and it shall and may be lawful for such Chairman and Assistant Barrister to proceed in the criminal or other Business at such Sessions, although no other Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place shall be in attendance: Provided also, that no Person holding the said Office of Assistant Barrister shall be capable of being a Member of the House of Commons in the present or any future Parliament.

III. No Assistant Barrister already appointed, if removed to any other County or Riding, nor any Assistant Barrister hereafter to be appointed, shall proceed to act as Assistant Barrister until he shall have first taken the following Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper or any Commissioner of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being; which Oath the said Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer; that is to say,

J A.B. do swear, That I will execute the Office of Assistant ' Barrister for the County of [or Riding

of the County of ], and for any other County

OT

1851.

293

Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) .Cap. 57.

1 or Riding to which I may be hereafter appointed, diligently, justly, and impartially, and without Favour, Affection, or

Malice, do equal Right to all the Queen's Subjects that shall

come within my Jurisdiction, and that I will in all things,

to the best of my Skill and Power, faithfully execute all the

f Duties imposed or that shall hereafter be imposed on me in virtue of such Office. So help me GOD. '

Provided always, that any Assistant Barrister who shall have once taken the said Oath shall not be obliged to repeat the same on any subsequent Removal to any County or Riding.

IV. From and after the Commencement of this Act the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and the several Assistant Barristers already appointed, and hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, shall (over and above the annual Sums payable to him and them in respect of the Registration or Revision of the Lists of Parliamentary Voters) severally and respectively receive the annual Salaries mentioned and specified, relating to them respectively, in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, in lieu of his and their former Salaries and Fees, the said several Salaries to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by Four quarterly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, Twenty-ninth Day of September, and Twenty-fifth Day of December in each and every Year, the First Payment thereof to be made on the quarterly Day of Payment which shall next ensue after the Commencement of this Act.

V. It shall and may be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant to the Person who now executes the Office of Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin, if he shall resign the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling, and to any Person who shall have executed the Office of Assistant Barrister, and who shali-have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, the said several Annuities or yearly Sums to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Provided always, that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money granted to the Person who now executes the Office of Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin, or to any Assistant Barrister, shall be valid, unless he shall have continued in Office Twenty Years, or be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, the same to be distinctly recited in such Grant: Provided also, that the said Annuity to the Person now holding the Office of Chairman of the Sessions of the peace of the County of Dublin may be granted to such Ghahttteit when the Period of his Service as such Chairman, together with the Period of his Service as Assistant Barrister,

T3 rv, (

Salaries and Pensions.

Salaries to Chairman of Sessions of the Peace for County of Dublin and Assistant Barristers.

Provision for granting an Annuity to Chairman of County of Dublin of 500*. a Year.

To Assistant Barrister, 400/. a Year.

Conditions on which such Grant shall be valid.

Salaries and Pensions,

Power to Lord Lieutenant to remove Assistant Barristers to other Counties with their Assent

Deputy Chairman or Assistant Barristers during Absence.

When it appears to Lord Chancellor, upon Oath, that the or

any Assistant Barrister is unable to attend, he may appoint another of Ten Years standing to do his Duty, who shall take the Oath before required, and shall be inverted with all Powers of Chairman or Assistant Barrister during his Absence.

In case of Absence of Chairman or Assistant Barrister, Sessions may

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

previous to his Appointment as such Chairman, shall together amount to a Period of Twenty Years or upwards.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Consent of the Privy Council in Ireland, to remove any Assistant Barrister from any County or Riding to any other County or Riding, to act therein as Assistant Barrister: Provided always, that no such Removal shall take place without the Assent of such Assistant Barrister.

VII. And whereas it may sometimes happen that the Chair-f man of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, t or an Assistant Barrister, may, by reason of Sickness or other

necessary Cause of Absence, be unable to attend at the Session

of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, and to hold the said

Court for hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill as

aforesaid, or to continue such Attendance thereat:* Be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear to the Lord High Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, that the said Chairman or any Assistant Barrister is unable to attend at the Time appointed for any Session of the Peace in any County or Riding, or at any Adjournment thereof, or to continue his Attendance thereat as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Keeper, or any Commissioner of the Great Seal, for the Time being, to nominate or appoint some other Barrister of Ten Years standing at the least, and who shall not have retired from Practice, to do and execute the Duty of such Chairman or Assistant Barrister for such Time as such Illness or Absence shall continue; and every Person appointed under this Act to do and execute the Duty of Chairman or Assistant Barrister during the Absence or Non-attendance of such Chairman or Assistant Barrister shall, before he shall enter on the Duties of the said Office, take the Oath herein-before required to be taken by such Chairman or Assistant Barrister respectively, mutatis mutandis, either before such Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioner, or publicly in open Court at the Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof on the First Day on which he shall attend at any Session or Adjournment thereof, (and which Oath the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer,) to execute such Duty, and shall have all and every the Powers and Authorities given to such Chainnan or Assistant Barrister by this and any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and be authorized in every respect to do and execute, daring the Continuance of such Absence, and no longer, every Matter and Thing which such Chairman or Assistant Barrister might himself lawfully do if personally present-

VIII. And whereas it may happen that such Illness or

Cause of Absence may occur so suddenly as that there may f not be sufficient Time to give Notice thereof to the Chancellor, (Keeper or Commissioner of the Great Seal, and to have a

4 PerBOIl

1851. Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Person appointed to do the Duty of the said Chairman or Assistant Barrister at such Sessions, or after having opened the Sessions the Chairman or Assistant Barrister may be prevented by Illness or other Cause from continuing his Attendance thereat Be it enacted, That in case it shall so happen that the Chairman or any Assistant Barrister shall not be in Attendance to open such Sessions on the Day appointed for opening the same, or after having opened the same shall not continue his Attendance until the Business of such Sessions shall be completed, it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the County, or for the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or in the County of Dublin for the Registrar of the Chairman, so long as the said Chairman shall continue to hold Office, in the Absence of any Justice at the Hour of Five o'Clock in the Afternoon, and not before that Hour, to open and adjourn, or to adjourn only, as the Case may be, such Sessions, and so from Time to Time and for such reasonable Time as shall be sufficient for such Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioner, to be informed of such Illness or Absence, and to appoint some Person to do the said Duty, and for such Person to repair to the Place where such Sessions should be held, and take upon himself the Execution of such Duty.

IX. Every Person appointed under this Act during the Illness or Absence of the said Chairman or of any Assistant Barrister to do and execute the Duty of such Chairman or Assistant Barrister for him shall receive and be paid such Compensation for his Labour and Trouble therein as the Lord Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being, shall think fit to direct and appoint, the same to be paid out of the Salary hereby provided for such Chairman or Assistant Barrister who shall so be absent.

X. The Clerks of the Peace for the several Counties respectively, or their sufficient Deputies, shall be and are, hereby required to act as Clerks to the said Assistant Barristers respectively in the Execution of the Duty imposed on them by this Act, and as Registrars respectively of the said Court, and shall be obedient to the said Assistant Barristers respectively in all lawful Commands which they shall respectively receive from the said respective Assistant Barristers relative to the Business of the said Court, and the Duty imposed by this Act on the said Assistant Barristers and Clerks of the Peace respectively; and the said several Clerks of the Peace and their respective Deputies shall and they are hereby required to keep Books for the entering and registering of all Civil Bill Causes, and shall enter and register the same, and suph Books shall be Records of the respective Counties to which they shall belong; and no Clerk of the Peace, or any Deputy or Clerk of his, or any Person for his Use or Benefit, shall act as an Attorney in any Cause which such Assistant Barristers are by this Act empowered to hear and determine; and if he, they, or any of them shall so act as

296

be adjourned by One Justice, or by Registrar or Clerk of Peace, until Deputy arrives.

Persons appointed during Absence of Chairman or Assistant Barrister to be paid so much as Lord Chancellor shall think St, out of Salary.

Clerk* of the Peace.

Clerks of the Peace to act as Clerks to Assistant Barristers and as Registrars; -

To keep Registry Books as Records.

Penalty on Clerk of the Peace acting as an Attorney in Causes before Assistant Bar-niters, SOL

Clerks ofth« jfisace.

Clerk of the Peace to make Affidavit.

Form of Affi* davit.

In Case of Death of Clerk] of the Peace during Sessions.

Attorneys.

No one to act as Attorney before Assistant Barristers unless admitted in the Superior Courts.

Power to Assistant Barristers to suspend Attorneys acting corruptly, &c. from practising on Civil Bills.

Cap. 57. Civil Bilk, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 Vict.

an Attorney in any such Cause, by himself or any other for his Use or Benefit, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall, within One Year after such Offence committed, sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, and shall, moreover, in case of Judgment being had against him, be incapable of ever holding such Office of Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, as the Case may be.

XI. Every Clerk of the Peace, and every Deputy Clerk of the Peace, already appointed, at the First Sessions after the Commencement of this Act at which they shall respectively attend, and every Clerk of the Peace, and Deputy Clerk of the Peace, hereafter to be appointed, at the First Sessions at which they shall respectively attend after their respective Appointments, and at the Commencement of such Sessions, shah and they are hereby respectively required to make and sign an Affidavit in Writing, to be attested by the Assistant Barrister of such respective County, and to be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace amongst the Records of the Court of such County, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

(J A.B.y Clerk of the Peace [or Deputy], do swear, That I (have not already, directly or indirectly, taken, and will not, ' directly or indirectly, take, so long as I shall continue to hold (the Office of Clerk of the Peace [or Deputy], any greater or other Fee, or Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing, for or ' on account of any Matter or Thing done or to be done in any Cause to be heard and determined before the Assistant Barrister of this County [or Riding of the County of ] by Civil

Bill, than is or shall be allowed by Law. '

XII. In case of the Death, Disability, or Absence of any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, during Sessions, the Assistant Barrister shall appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Clerk of the Peace until a Clerk of the Peace, or sufficient Deputy, be duly appointed, and shall allocate a due Proportion of the Fees or Salary in remuneration of the Person so acting; and such Person so appointed shall make and sign such Affidavit as is herein-before directed to be made by the Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy.

XIII. No Person shall be admitted to practise as an Attorney before the Chairman of the County of Dublin, or before any Assistant Barrister, or the Recorder of Dublin in any Civil Bill Court, or at the Court of General Quarter Sessions, but such Person only who is or shall be admitted an Attorney in One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin; and that no Attorney shall be suffered to practise as aforesaid in any County wherein he is or shall be a Justice of the Peace.

XIV. It shall and may be lawful for the Chairman of the County of Dublin, the Recorder of Dublin, or any Assistant Barrister, if any Attorney practising in Causes by Civil Bill shall appear to him, either upon such Chairman, Recorder, or Assistant Barrister's own View in open Court, or by Examw

nation

Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 207

nation of others upon Oath, to have acted in any such Cause Attorney*. corruptly, or knowingly and wilfully against his Duty as an Attorney, to make an Order, to remain of Record with the Clerk of the Peace, suspending such Attorney from practising on Civil Bills, for a given Time, in such County or Riding, which Order shall be binding: Provided nevertheless, that it Attorneys shall be lawful for any Attorney against whom such Order shall ^ajua(jPpc^)f be made to appeal, if such Order shall have been made in the Assise.

County or Counto of the City of Dublin, to any of the Chief Judges or other Judge or Baron at Nisi Prius in Dublin, and if in any other County to the Judge of Assize at the Sittings or Assizes to be holden within Twelve Months after such Order made, which Judge may, by Examination on Oath, examine into the Ground of such Order, and reverse, vary, or affirm the same as he shall see Reason.

XV. The several Persons now holding the Office of Process Process Officer*. Officer or Process Server in the several Counties and Ridings powe7^A#. shall continue to hold the same as heretofore, until removed ristantBamstera by the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of their respective to appoint Counties or Ridings; and that at the several Sessions of the ckiTBiU>p££.e Peace in and for the several Counties or Ridings which shall 8 in the*0" be holden after the passing of this Act, or at such other Times several Counties as Occasion may require, the Chairman and each and every and RldinS»* of the Assistant Barristers shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, appoint such Number of fit and proper Persons, being Householders, residing in the principal Market Towns or in other convenient Places within the said Counties or Ridings, as to the said Chairman or Assistant Barrister shall from Time to Time appear to be necessary, to be Officers for the Service of Civil Bill Processes within such County or Riding, or within such Division of such County or Riding as shall be specified in any such Warrant, and it shall be lawful for each and every such Officer heretofore or hereafter so appointed, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to serve such Process accordingly, within such County or Riding, or within such Division of such County or Riding as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for any Person whom- After such Ap-soever, other than One of such Officers so heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, to serve any such Process; and serve Process, that any Service or pretended Service of any Process by any service by un-other Person whomsoever (save as herein-after provided) shall authomed Per-be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever;" declared and that any such Officer already appointed or who shall be hereafter appointed for the Service of Process shall be removeable and shall and may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of the County or Riding for the Time being: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Service of any Process in any Proceeding by Ejectment or Replevin by any Person other than such Process Officer.

XVI. The

898

Process Officers.

Names and Places of Abode of Officers to be published in County News* papers.

Annual Salary to Officers serving Processes to be paid by Collector of Excise, on Certificate of Assistant Barrister.

Officers may receive certain Fees, in addition to their Salaries, for Service of Process.

Cap. 57 *

Civil Bills, jfc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

XVI. The Name and Place of Abode of each and every Officer already appointed or who shall hereafter be appointed by the said Chairman or by any Assistant Barrister to serve such Process as aforesaid, and also the Name and Place of Abode of every Person removed as aforesaid from the said Office of Process Officer, shall be published in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the County or Riding, and shall be otherwise promulgated and made known in such Manner and at such Times as to such Chairman -or Assistant Barrister shall seem expedient.

XVII. Every Officer already appointed or who shall hereafter be appointed by said Chairman or by any Assistant Barrister for the serving of Process shall be entitled to and shall receive a Salary of Ten Pounds a Year, to be paid quarterly, upon a Certificate, signed by the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of the County or Riding, specifying the Amount so to be paid, and stating that such Officer has duly performed the Duty of his Office to the Satisfaction of the Chairman or Assistant Barrister during the preceding Quarter, or during such Period thereof as such Person shall have so served; and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Collector of Excise for any District within which the Sessions shall be holden or within which such Officer shall reside it shall be lawful for such Collector of Excise and he is hereby required to pay to such Officer the Amount of the Sum mentioned in such Certificate; and all Monies so paid shall be allowed to the Collector of Excise in his Account, upon Production of such Certificate, endorsed by the Officer to whom such Money shall be payable.

XVIII. It shall be lawful for any Officer already appointed or who shall be hereafter appointed by the Chairman or any Assistant Barrister for the serving of Process, in addition to the Salary made payable under this Act, to receive a Fee of Sixpence for the Service of every Process which he shall be required to serve in Cases where there is only One Defendant or there are several Defendants residing in the same Dwelling House, and One Shilling in case of Two or more Defendants not residing in One and the same Dwelling House; and which said Sums of Sixpence or One Shilling, as the Case may be, shall be paid to such Officer on the Delivery of such Process to himjfar the Purpose of being served by him; and if any Person whosoever, other than One of such Officers so appointed as aforesaid, shall serve or pretend to serve any such Process (save in Ejectment or Replevin Cases), and shall receive or take any Fee or Beward for such Service, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable to be prosecuted accordingly: Provided always, that if a Process Server of any County or Riding shall be required (as herein-after provided) to serve Process upon any Defendant residing out of the County or Riding for which he shall be acting as such Process Officer, he

n T shall

1851. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 67. 299

shall be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence Proeeu Officers. for such Service, together with his reasonable Travelling Expenses incurred in effecting such Service.

XIX. A Book or Books shall be kept by every Officer Book to be kept appointed for the Service of Process, in such Form as shall be enter^PtrtU directed or approved by the Chairman or Assistant Barrister, cukreofSerin which shall be entered the Names of the Plaintiff and vice of Process. Defendant by or against whom any Process shall be issued,

the Cause of Action, the Day on which such Process shall be received to be served, the Day on which such Process shall be served or executed, the Place where and the Name or Description of the Person on or with whom such Process shall be served or left, and in case any such Process shall not have been duly served or left, then the Cause of such Service not having been effected shall be stated; and each and every Process Officer shall attend, and produce such Book or Books to the Chairman or Assistant Barrister at each and every Sessions of the Peace, or shall cause such Book or Books to be produced to such Chairman or Barrister in case of the unavoidable Absence of such Process Officer; and in case of the Death, Prooe* 8enw% Illness, or such Absence as aforesaid of any such Process Officer, the Book or Books of such Process Officer, kept by him as aforesaid, verified on Oath as to his Handwriting by some credible Person, shall be produced at the Sessions, and shall there be primd facie Evidence of the Truth of the several Matters entered therein as aforesaid.

XX. Whenever it shall be certified by the Assistant Bar- interpreters. rater of any County to the Grand Jury of such County that salary of inter-an Interpreter is necessary at the Quarter Sessions for such presto be paid County, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury and they are by Grand Jury, hereby required to present, without any previous Application

at Sessions, to be levied off such County, any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, at each Assizes, as a Salary or Payment for such Interpreter; and that it shall be lawful for any such Assistant Bar- Assistant Barrister to appoint either One Interpreter for the inte^twc^ whole of such County or Riding of a County or separate In- Interpreters, terpreters for each District in which Sessions shall be holden, at his Discretion, and to direct the Salary to be presented as aforesaid to be paid among such Interpreters, if more than One shall be appointed, in such Manner as he shall think fit; and that upon a Certificate, signed by such Assistant Barrister, specifying the Amount of such Payment, being produced to the Treasurer of such County, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer and he is hereby required to pay to such Interpreter or Interpreters, after every Assizes, the Amount of the Payment mentioned in such Certificate, not exceeding in the whole the Sum ^presented by the Grand Jury for such Purpose; and each Aeastent Bar-such Interpreter may .be removed at the Will and iSkT ISefcWWof the Assistant Barrister for the Time being, and any preter. hthtet Pterion or Persons appointed in his Place by such Assistant Barrister.

XXI In

Times of holding Quarter Sessions.

Future Sessions to be appointed at the Sessions held before each Michaelmas Term in each Year.

ilecorder of Dublin and of Cork to hold Civil Court as heretofore.

Annual Payment to him in lieu of Fees.

Cork County.

The County of Cork to continue to be divided for the Purpose and in the Manner herein recited.

Cap. 57.

Civil Bills, $*c. (Ireland.) ' 14 & 15 Vict.

XXI. In each Year the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for every County (save and except the County of the City of Dublin and the County of Cork) shall be held at the following Times; that is to say, the Easter Sessions on any of the Fourteen Days next after the Twenty-fifth Day of March; the Summer Sessions on any Day between the Fourth Day and the Twelfth Day next after the last Day of Trinity Term, both Days inclusive; the October Sessions on any of the Fourteen Days next after the Eighth Day of October; and the Hilary Sessions on any of the Fourteen Days next after the Twenty-sixth Day of December; and it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman of the County of Dublin, and the Assistant Barrister in each County (except the County of Cork), at the General or Quarter Sessions to be held in such respective County next before each Michaelmas Term, to fix and appoint the TimeB for holding the next Four Generator Quarter Sessions, of which Time due Notice shall be posted by the Clerk of the Peace on or before the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, and also Six Weeks before the Day of holding each such Sessions.

XXII. The Recorder of the City of Z)u5/m and the Recorder of the Borough of Cork shall continue to nbld Courts for the hearing of Civil Bills in the Manner and at the Times that they have respectively heretofore held the same, and that nothing herein contained shall extend to affect the Power of such Recorders respectively to appoint the Time or Times for the holding of suclf Courts respectively; and the Recorder of the City of Dublin shall, in lieu of all Fees heretofore payable to him on Civil Bill Proceedings, receive the annual Sum 6f Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by Four quarterly Payments, on the Days heretofore appointed for Payment of the Salaries of Assistant Barristers; and the Recorder of the Borough of Cork shall, in lieu of all Fees heretofore payable to him on Civil Bill Proceedings, receive the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be paid to him out of said Consolidated Fund by like quarterly Payments.

XXIII. 'And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth

Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled 9 An Act to divide the County of Cork for the Purpose of holding 9 additional General Sessions therein, whereby, after reciting that the County of Cork is very extensive and populous, and that it 9 is requisite, for the due Administration of Justice within the s said County, and the Preservation of the Peace therein, that

General Sessions of the Peace should be holden frequently 9 therein, it was enacted, that from and after the First Day of 9 September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, for the Purpose of holding the General Sessions of the Peace in the said County of Cork, and for and in respect of all Mat-9 ters relating to such General Sessions, but not for any othet 9 Purpose or in any other respect, the said County of Cork 9 should be and the same was thereby declared to fee divided

n' f ' "to

1851. Civil Bilk, §-c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.' 36%:

into Two Ridings, to be called the East Riding and the Q*w%u

West Riding of the County of Cork; and that the East ' Riding of the said County of Cork should comprise and ' contain the Baronies and the Liberties following, that ' is to say, the Barony of Duhallow, the Barony or ' united Baronies of Orrery and Kilmore, the Barony or ' united Baronies of Condons and Clongibbons, the Barony of

Fermoy9 the Barony of Kinnatalloon, the Barony of ImokiUy,

6 the Barony of Kerry- Currihy, the Barony of Kinnalea, the ' Barony of Barrymore, the Barony of Barretts, the Barony ' of East Muskerry (except only the Parishes of Aheena and ' Ahabullog within the said Barony), the Liberties of the City of ' Cork9 the Liberties of Youghal, and the Liberties of Kinsale;

and the West Riding of the said County of Cork should ' comprise and contain the Baronies and Parts and Divisions of the Baronies following, that is to say, the Barony of Beer or ' Bear9 the Barony of Bantry, the Barony of West Muskerry,

the Parishes of Aheena and Ahabullog in the Barony of ' East Muskerry 9 the Barony of Kinalmeaky9 the Barony of

Courcies9 the Barony or united Baronies of Ibanne and Bar- ryroe otherwise called Barryroe and Ibanne9 and the Baronies

of East Carherry and West Carberry9 consisting of the '/Eastern and Western Divisions of East Carberry and the ' Eastern and Western Divisions of West Carberry; and from and after the said First Day of September the said County ' was thereby declared to be divided accordingly for the Purposes ' aforesaid, and no other; provided that such Division of the ' said County of Cork for the Purposes aforesaid should not bo ' extended nor construed to extend to change or alter, or to ' limit, or abridge, or abolish, any Power, Authority, Jurisdiction, Right, Duty, or Privilege of any High Sheriff, Sub- Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or other ' Magistrate, Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or other ' Officer whatsoever, of or in the said County, who should at ' the passing of the said Act, or at any Time after the passing ' of the said Act, hold, exercise, or enjoy any such Office, or ' any other Civil Office whatever within the said County of ' Cork9 but that all the Powers, Authorities, Jurisdictions,

Rights, Duties, and Privileges of such Officers should continue ' in force and be exercised and carried into effect throughout ' the said County of Cork in like Manner, to all Intents and ' Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Act had not been had ' or made, except only so far as it was expressly provided ' and directed by the said Act:' Now be it enacted, That the said County of Cork shall be deemed to have been from the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and shall from and after the passing of this AetjpOftWie to be, until altered as herein-after provided, for the Purposes aforesaid, and none other, divided in such Manner and Form, and under such Regulations, Conditions, and Provens, as hereby above recited and herein set forth as afore-

f - - said^lC x

SOS

Lord Lieutenant may alter Boundaries.

Fire General Sessions shall be holden in every Year, alternately, in the East and West Riding.

Lord Lieutenant may order that Four General Sessions, and no more, in each Year, shall be held in each of the Divisions of the County of Cork.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, jrc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICTT.

said: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, at any Time, and so from Time to Time, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Privy Council, to alter the Boundaries or Divisions of the said Two Hidings now existing or hereafter to exist, and to direct that such Hidings shall comprise and contain such Baronies, of Parts or Divisions of Baronies, as to him, with such Advice, shall seem fit, and to direct that such new Boundaries or Divisions shall become and be the Boundaries of the said Two Hidings; and from thenceforth the Boundaries herein-before provided of the said Two Hidings shall cease, and the said Two Hidings shall thenceforth contain and comprise the several Baronies and Parts and Divisions of Baronies so ordered and directed as aforesaid, subject to the several Regulations, Conditions, and Provisions herein-before set forth.

XXIV. Five General Sessions of the Peace shall be holden in the Course of every Year in each of the said Ridings of the County of Cork so constituted and hereby continued^ so that One General Session shall be holden in every Month, excepting in the Two Months in which the General Assises shall be holden for the County of Cork at large; and tkat such General Sessions shall be holdep alternately in the East Hiding and in the West Hiding of the said County, and at such Times that there shall, if possible, be One Week between the End of the Session in One of the said Hidings and the Beginning of the ensuing Session in the other of the said Ridings; and that a General Sessions for the said East Hiding shall be held ab apon as may be in the Month of September in each Year, and that a General Sessions for the said West Hiding shall be held in the Month of October in each Year, and that the subsequent General Sessions of the Peace shall be holden alternately in the said East and West Hidings, and so from Year to Year in the like Order: Provided always, that it shaD and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland for the Time being, at any Time, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Privy Council, to order and direct that Four General Sessions of the Peace, and no more, shall thenceforth be holden in each of the said Hidings of the said County of Cork in each Year, for the Discharge of all such Criminal and other Business as may be determinable at General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or in a Civil Bill Court, in place and 6tead of the said Five General Sessions of the Peace so herein-before appointed, and to order and direct that the same shall be holden at such Times and Places and in such Manner, in each of the said Hidings, as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, with such Advice as aforesaid, shall seem fit, and also to direct and appoint the Manner of making known the Periods at which the same shall be holden; and from thenceforth the several Provisions herein-before contained for

bolding

f!iml Bilk, %c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 90S

holding Five General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said County, and for regulating the Times of holding the same, shall oeaae and determine, and all the Crimirlal and other Business of the General Sessions of the Peace and of the Civil Bill Courts in and for the said several Sidings of the said County shall thenceforth be heard and determined at the said Four Grenend Sessions of the Peace so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas, from the Extent and Population of Power to Lord ' certain Counties, it may be expedient that they should be counS*u)dUd ' hereafter divided into Two Sidings or Districts for the vide Counties

Purpose of holding Sessions therein Be it therefore enacted, into Ridings. That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Privy Council, on an Application made by the Magistrates of the County, at a Meeting of such Magistrates duly convened by the Lieutenant of such County, to order and direct that any County in Ireland shall be divided into Two Ridings or Districts, for the Purpose of holding Sessions therein, and to direct and appoint what Baronies or Half Baronies or other Portions of Land shall be contained in .each of such Ridings, and to order and direct that General Quarter Sessions shall be holden in and for such Ridings respectively* and at such Time and Times and in such Towns or Places as shall be deemed most expedient for that Purpose.

XXVI. It shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant Power to ap-or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a practising SucRidinga, Barrister at-Law of Ten Years standing at the least, and who and providing shall have actually practised Ten Years, and shall not at the of

Time of his Appointment have retired from Practice in Her Majesty's Courts of Law in Dublin, to act as an Assistant to the Justices at the several Sessions of the Peace and Adjournments thereof to be holden under this Act for each of the Ridings of the Counties so divided as, aforesaid, and that the said respective Assistant Barristers shall have all such Powers, Jurisdiction, and Authority in and for such respective Ridings for which they shall be respectively appointed as any Assistant Barrister can or may have in and for any County in Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order and declare that each of such Assistant Barristers so appointed for such Ridings as aforesaid shall receive and be paid such One of the several yearly Salaries as are herein provided for Assistant Barristers mentioned in the Class 2. or Clads 3. in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, as to the said Lord Lieutenant shall seem meet.

XXVII. For the Purpose of holding the said General Ses- in all Procewea wonb of the Peace, and of all Matters connected with or relating to such General Sessions, the said Two Ridings of the County by County,

of

East Riding, and Cork County, West Riding.

No Process removable from One Riding to the other.

The Two Assistant Barristers to settle the Time of holding the several alternate Sessions, &c.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, $*c. (Ireland.') 14 & 15 VICT. '

of Cork9 and the Two Ridings of any other County which shall be hereafter divided under this Act, shall be distinct and separate Counties, and shall be deemed and considered and shall be distinguished ns such (as regards the County of Cork) by the Names and Descriptions of Cork County, East Riding, and Cork County, West Riding, and so in every other County which shall be hereafter divided, by the Names of the respective Ridings, in all Warrants, Processes, and Proceedings relative to any Matters determinable at any such General Sessions respectively; and that all such Matters and Causes shall be heard, tried, and determined, and all such Proceedings shall be had and done, at such General Sessions, for each of such Ridings respectively, for and in respect of Matters arising within the said Ridings respectively, as might have been heard, tried, determined, had, or done at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Cork9 or such other Counties as shall be hereafter divided, under any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act, for and in respect of Matters arising within the said respective County at large; and that no Process, Plea, or Proceeding, nor any Cause, Matter, or Thing whatever, shall be removed or removable, or transferred or transferrable, from any General Session to be holden in any One of such Ridings to any General Session holden in any other of such Ridings; and no Decree or other Order or Proceeding at any General Session to be holden in any of such Ridings shall be of any Validity, Force, or Effect, nor shall or may be executed or be enforced or put in execution, in any other of such Ridings, otherwise than if the said respective Ridings were Two distinct and separate Counties; and any and every Person who shall be charged in any of such respective Ridings with any Offence cognizable at the General Sessions shall be held to Bail, and shall be arraigned and tried, in that R, iding only in which the Offence shall be charged or alleged or supposed to have been committed; and all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates shall and they are hereby authorized and required to return any Informations for Offences taken before them, and returnable to the General Sessions, to such Sessions to be holden within the Riding in which such Offence shall be charged or alleged or supposed to have been committed.

XXVIII. The several Days to be from Time to Time appointed for commencing and holding the several alternate General Sessions of the Peace in the East and West RidingB of the said County of Cork9 pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be from Time to Time ascertained and settled by the Two Assistant Barristers for the said Ridings, in concert with each other, but so as to provide as far as possible that the said Sessions shall not be holden at the same Times as the Assizes for the County; and so in every other County that shall be hereafter divided under this Act; and due Notice of the Times for holding such Sessions shall be posted by the Clerk of the

Peace

305

1851. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Peace on or before the last Day of the preceding Sessions for each of the said respective Ridings.

XXIX. It shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of Cork, and for the respective Grand Juries of the several Counties which shall be hereafter divided under this Act, and such Grand Juries are hereby respectively required to present, to be raised (as regards the County of Cork) off the respective Portions of the said County of Cork constituting the East Riding and West Riding of the said County, and so an any other County which shall be so divided, Two several Sums not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds yearly, as regards the County of Cork, and not exceeding Twenty Pounds yearly as regards any other County, to be paid by half-yearly Payments, as and for the Salary of each of the Criers at Sessions in such Two Ridings.

XXX. From and after the Commencement of this Act the several Districts or Divisions of the several Counties and Ridings, and the several Towns and Places within such Districts or Divisions respectively, appointed under and by virtue of the Provisions of the several Acts heretofore in force and relating to the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts, for the Purpose of bedding Sessions therein, and wherein such Sessions respectively have been heretofore held, shall be and shall continue to be the Districts or Divisions, and the Towns and Places respectively within such Districts or Divisions, for holding of Sessions for hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill, and for transacting all such criminal and all such other Business as may be determinable at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, until the same or any of them are or shall be altered in the Manner herein-after provided.

XXXI. It shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Advice of the Privy Council, to alter the Divisions and Districts for the holding of Sessions in any County or Riding now existing or hereafter to exist, and to divide the several Counties or any of them, or any Riding or Division of a County, including all Counties of Cities and Coynties of Towns, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, into as many Divisions or Districts as shall be thought proper or expedient for the Purpose of more conveniently hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill, and of transacting all such criminal or all such other Business as may be cognizable or determinable at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and to appoint One or more convenient Town or Place, Towns or Places, in any such Division or District, in which a Civil Bill Court, and a Court for transacting such criminal and other Business as aforesaid, or a Civil Dill Court only for hearing and determining Causes by Civil Dill, shall be held, and from Time to Time to alter any such Division or District, or any Town and Place, Towns or Places, within such Division or District, or to discontinue any such

Grand Jury of County of Cork to provide for Salaries of Criers at Sessions.

Divisions and Sessional Towns.

Existing Divisions and Sessional Towns to be continued until altered.

Powers to alter Divisions

Power to alter existing Divisions, and appoint additional Places for holding Sessions.

Powers to alter Divisions.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Sessions to be held Four Times in every Year in any Town,

Jurisdiction in Counties of Cities and Towns.

Assistant Barrister for the Last Riding of the County of Cork shall try Causes in the City of Cork.

Assistant Barristers of certain Counties to have Jurisdiction in certain Cities and Towns.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Town or Place, as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, with the Advice aforesaid, shall seem fit; and every such Division or District shall be distinguished by the Name of such Town or Place; and every such Sessions, and Adjournment thereof, shall be good and effectual for the Administration of criminal Business and Civil Bill Cases, and doing all other Business that may by Law be done at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or for hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill only, as the Case may be; and in case of any Town or Place being so discontinued as aforesaid the same shall thereupon cease to be a Town or Place for the holding of Sessions therein for any Purpose whatsoever.

XXXII. From and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to direct that a General Session of the Peace and Civil Bill Court, or a Civil Bill Court only, shall be held any Number of Times not exceeding Four Times in every Year in all or any of the Towns or Places now appointed or which may hereafter be appointed for holding Sessions, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall nominate and appoint the Baronies or Half Baronies or Parishes for which respectively such Sessions shall be held.

XXXIII. The Assistant Barrister now appointed or hereafter to be appointed for the East Riding of the County of Cork shall hear and determine Causes by Civil Bill in and for the County of the City of Coi'k, in Cases where the Defendant or One of the Defendants in the Cause shall reside within the County of the said City, at the several Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournments thereof, for the County of Cork, to be held at Cork; and that such Assistant Barrister shall at the same Time hold such Court as aforesaid for the hearing of such Causes by Civil Bill for One Division of the County of Cork; and that the City of Cork shall be deemed and taken, for the Purposes of this Act only, as a Town within One Division of the said East Riding of the County of Cork.

XXXIV. The respective Assistant Barristers for the Time being of the Counties herein-after mentioned shall have Jurisdiction by Civil Bill in and for the respective Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, Cities, and Towns herein-after named, as fully as they respectively have in and for their respective Counties; that is to say, the Assistant Barrister of the County of Waterford, in and for the County of the City of Waterford; the Assistant Barrister for the County of Limerick, in and for the County of the City of Limerick; the Assistant Barrister for the County of Kilkenny, in and for the County of the City of Kilkenny; the Assistant Barrister for the County of Antrim, in and for the County of the Town of Carrickfergus; the Assistant Barrister for the County of Galway, in and for the County of

1851.

307

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

the Town of Galway; the Assistant Barrister for the County of Louth, in and for the County of the Town of Drogheda; and each and every of the said several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns shall be deemed and taken, for the Purposes of this Act only, as a Town within One Division of the said several and respective Counties at large.

XXXV. From and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful for each and every Assistant Barrister to hear and determine by Civil Bill all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum, Damages, or Penalty, not exceeding Forty Pounds Sterling, in all Cases whatsoever (Slander, Libel, Breach of Promise of Marriage, and Criminal Conversation with a Man's Wife, only excepted,) and for any ascertained and unpaid Balance, not exceeding Forty Pounds, of a Partnership Account, and also in all Actions by Civil Bill under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Ireland and not hereby repealed, giving a Remedy by Civil Bill in any particular Cases, to the Extent and pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act or Acts respectively: Provided always, that the several Assistant Barristers may award Interest in all Cases where in Equity Interest ought to be decreed, so that the Debt or Damages and Interest shall not together exceed the Amount of the Jurisdiction, according to the Nature of the Case.

XXXVI. No Cause of Action in the whole amounting to a Sum beyond such Sum as is made recoverable by force of this Act shall be split or divided so as to be made the Ground of Ground Two or more different Actions, in.order to bring such Cases within the Jurisdiction of this Act, but if any of the said Assistant Barristers shall find that the Plaintiff in such Cause shall have split his Cause of Action as aforesaid, he shall dismiss every such Action, with the ordinary Costs of a Dismiss, without Prejudice however to the Plaintiff's proceeding to sne upon such Cause of Action in any other Court, and in such other Manner as he lawfully may: Provided also, that if such Plaintiff shall be satisfied to recover such Sum as the Jurisdiction hereby conferred is made to extend to, in full of the whole of such his Demand, then such Assistant Barrister shall and may, if such Plaintiff shall satisfactorily prove his Case, make and pronounce One Decree for such Plaintiff for such Sum as shall in such Case be demanded by the Process, so as such Sum does not exceed the Jurisdiction under this Act, and the same shall be expressed in such Decree to be and shall be in fnH Discharge of the whole of such Demand.

XXXVII. And whereas Doubts are entertained whether

the Provisions as to Proceedings by Civil Bill contained in a

certain Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the ' Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and

intituled An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of £ Bents and preventing Frauds by Tenants, (and which Act is f continued and made perpetual by an Act passed in the Par-

U 2 d by vjO* liament

Jurisdiction in ordinary Caret.

What Actions Assistant Barristers may hear and determine to the Amount of 40t

Cause of Action not to be divided.

Costs of Dismissal when Causes are split.

Proviso if Sum does not exceed Jurisdiction of this Act.

Provisions as to Civil Bill in 15G.2.C. 8. s.4. (Irish),

2 G. S. c. 17. s. 18. (Irish), extended to Civil BUI before Barristers,

and original Jurisdiction of Judges abolished.

How Tenant shall proceed in Cases of Distress by the bead Landlord, where Bent shall have been paid to his immediate Landlord, and how and what Damages shall be recovered.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

liament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Third,) have by the several subsequent Acts of Parliament, or any of them, relating to Civil Bills before Assistant Barristers, been extended and applied to Proceedings by Civil Bill before such Assistant Barristers Be it declared and enacted, That the Provisions relating to Proceedings by Civil Bill contained in the said Act of the Fifteenth Year of King George the Second, and continued as aforesaid, shall extend and apply to Proceedings by Civil Bill before such Assistant Barristers, subject to the Provisions and Regulations of this Act^ and that from and after the Commencement of this Act all original Proceedings by Civil Bill provided by the said Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of King George the Second, and continued by the Act aforesaid, shall be brought in the respective Courts of the several Assistant Barristers, and shall not be brought before any Judge or Judges of Assize on their respective Circuits, or in their respective Courts at Dublin, save by way of Appeal, as herein-after provided in relation to Appeals.

XXXVIII 4 And whereas it is fit and just that Provision should be made for securing the occupying Tenant as far as may be against being called upon for Payment more than once of the Rent reserved and made payable to his immediate Landlord or Lessor out of the Land which he occupies, 4 in consequence of superior Landlords distraining for the Rents due to them respectively:* For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That in all Cases where the entire Rent due and payable from the occupying Tenant to his immediate Landlord or Landlords shall have been paid or in any Manner satisfied, if, in consequence of the Fraud, Malfeasance, or Neglect of such Landlord or Landlords to pay and satisfy the Rent due and owing by him or them to any superior Landlord or Landlords, the Lands in the Hands of such occupying Tenant shall be distrained for any such Rent, or such occupying Tenant shall have been compelled to pay any Sum of Money to any such superior Landlord, to avoid a Distress for Rent due to such superior Landlord, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such occupying Tenant to proceed against such his immediate Landlord through whose Default or Neglect to make such Payment the Lands in the Possession of such occupying Tenant shall have been distrained or threatened to be distrained, to recover the Amount of Costs and Damages by him sustained thereby by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister of any County or Riding where such Lands shall be; and that the Amount of such Costs and Damages, when ascertained by the Decree of such Assistant Barrister, and the Amount of any Costs and Damages which may be ascertained by the Judgment of any Superior Court, upon any Action which may be brought for that Purpose, may be tendered by the occupying Tenant, or his or their Representatives, in Payment of so much of the subsequently growing and accruing Rent as shall thereafter

become

1851.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 309

become due and payable to such his immediate Landlord, and Jurisdiction in

shall be accepted by such Landlord in Payment of the same, or ordinan/ Ca*c*. shall be recovered by Process of Execution as the said ccupying Tenant so aggrieved shall deem most advisable.

XXXIX. If on such Trial by Civil Bill before the Assistant If Complainant Barrister the Complainant shall prove the Facts of Payment of p^ment^f of Bent by Distress or otherwise to his immediate Landlord, and Rent by Dis-of the subsequent Seizure of his Goods or Stock under Distress, he may tress by a superior Landlord, or his being compelled to pay

any Sum of Money in or towards Satisfaction of Rent due to such superior Landlord, to avoid any such Distress, he shall be entitled to recover in Damages, and shall so recover, upon such Proof made of the Facts hereinbefore mentioned, without any other or further Proof of Damages sustained, Ten Pounds in the Hundred of the Rent reserved and distrained for, in addition to the whole Sum he shall have paid under such Distress to the superior Landlord, but shall not be precluded from entering upon Proof of other more aggravated or special Damage sustained, if he shall prefer such Mode of proceeding for Recovery of due and adequate Compensation on such Account.

XL. If in any Action brought after the Commencement of As to Costs in this Act in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record f* of Actions in Dublin, in Debt, Covenant, Detinue, or Assumpsit, (save Cour^wher© for Breach of Promise of Marriage,) where the Parties to the the Proceedings Proceedings reside within the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill ^ghtheve Court of the County in which the Cause of Action has arisen, gyj by Cm the Plaintiff shall recover, for Debt or Damages, exclusive of Costs, a Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or in any Action of Trespass, Trover, or Trespass on the Case (not being in Replevin, or for Slander, Libel, Malicious Prosecution, Breach of Promise of Marriage, Seduction* or Criminal Conversation with a Man's Wife,) a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, the Plaintiff in any such Action shall not be entitled to any Costs, unless at the Trial of such Cause the Judge shall certify on the Back of the Record, either that the Case was one which could not have been tried in the Civil Bill Court, or that, although within the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Court, it nevertheless was a fit Case to be tried in one of such Superior Courts, or (in case there shall be no Trial) unless the Court or a Judge shall on Motion make an Order to the like Effect; and in case there shall be no such Certificate or Order, it shall not be necessary to enter any Suggestion on the Record to deprive such Plaintiff of Costs, nor shall any such Plaintiff be entitled to Costs by reason of any Privilege in consequence of either the Plaintiff or Defendant being an Attorney or Officer of such Court or otherwise.

XLI. The respective Assistant Barristers shall and they are Replevin. hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine within . j — .

their respective Jurisdictions all Actions of Replevin relating to Replevin oJm. Distresses for Rent made by any Landlord, or Person claiming as such, where the annual Rent reserved for or in respect of

which

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Replevin. which any Distress shall have been made shall not exceed Fifty

---- Pounds, whether a greater annual Rent may have been claimed

by the Landlord or not.

Appointment of XLII. The Sheriff for the Time being for every County, Replenngere. County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland shall, within Ten Days after he shall be sworn in as Sheriff, depute a sufficient Number of Persons in such County, County of a City, or County of a Town to act as Replevinger or Replevingers in Cases of Distresses for Rent, so that there shall be at least One such Replevinger in every Town wherein General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace are held; and for every Refusal or Neglect to appoint within Ten Days a Replevinger, or a sufficient Number of Persons to act as Replevingers, as aforesaid, and also for every Month during which there shall not be One such Replevinger in each such Sessions Town, every such Sheriff shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recoverable by Civil Bill by any Person who will sue for the same; and such Replevinger or Replevingers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall have Authority in the Sheriff's Name to grant Replevins and make Deliverance of all Distresses in such Manner or Form as the Sheriff may and ought to do, and shall be entitled to receive the Fees in that Behalf mentioned in the Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, and no more.

Mode of pro- XLIII. Where any Party whose Goods or Chattels shall pleYin^Cases.6" have been distrained for Rent shall dispute the Validity of the Distress, and the annual Amount of the Rent in respect of which such Distress shall or ought to have been made shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Party to lodge with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Distress shall have been made a Civil Bill in the Form (1.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, stating the Particulars of the Property distrained, and the Place where, and the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf such Distress was made, and requiring such Person or Persons to appear and answer such Bill at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Division or District in which such Distress was made, in case there shall be Ten clear Days between the Day of lodging such Civil Bill and the First Day of holding such Sessions, and if not, then at the Sessions for such Division or District next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Day of lodging such Civil Bill, and thereupon the said Clerk of the Peace shall issue an Order in the Form (2.) of the said Schedule (C.), requiring the Sheriff of the County to replevy the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and the Sheriff to w'hom any such Order shall be directed, or his Replevinger, shall and he is hereby required, upon good Security being given to him by the Bond of the Person obtaining such Order, and Two or more responsible Persons, not exceeding Four in Number, as Sureties in double the Amount of the Value of the Property distrained, to execute such Order, and make a correct and proper Return in Writing of the Manner in which the same shall have

311

Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

have been executed, or to signify the Cause why the same has not been executed, to the Court of the Assistant Barrister for the County or Riding, within Seven Days next after such Order shall have been delivered to him; provided that the Value of the Property distrained shall be ascertained by the said Sheriff or Replevinger in like Manner as the Value of Goods distrained is now ascertained by Law by the said Sheriff on taking Security in Replevins returnable to any of the Superior Courts at Dublin; and the Bond so to be given to the said Sheriff shall be in the Form (3.) of the said Schedule (C.), or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

XLIV. In every Case where any of the Persons who shall be proposed as Sureties on behalf of any Party whose Goods or Chattels shall have been distrained shall be rejected, the Reason or Ground of such Rejection shall be stated in Writing by the Sheriff or Replevinger so rejecting: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to exonerate any Sheriff from any Liability by reason that he, or his Replevingers, or any of them, shall have taken insufficient Sureties in any such Replevin.

XLV. In every Case where any Goods distrained shall be replevied as aforesaid a Copy of the Civil Bill which shall have been lodged with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be served, on the Part of the .Plaintiff in such Civil Bill, upon every Person named as Defendant therein, in the same Manner as Civil Bills for Recovery of Debts are hereby required to be served: Provided always, that in case the Party on whose Behalf such Distress was made shall not reside within the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister, Service of such Civil Bill on the Person who made the Distress for him, or on any Bailiff who shall be in charge of the Goods so distrained, shall be deemed good Service on such Party; and such Party, although not residing within the County or Riding, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be within the Jurisdiction of the Assistant Barrister of the County or Riding in which the Distress was made.

XLVI. The Assistant Barrister shall in every such Case of Replevin hear and determine the Civil Bill, and if it shall appear to him that such Distress was legally made, and that the annual Rent in respect of which such Distress was made did not exceed Fifty Pounds, shall ascertain whether any and what Rent was due to the Defendant at the Time of making such Distress; and if it shall appear that any Sum was due for Rent, and that no Tender of the Sum so due was made before the said Civil Bill was lodged, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister and he is hereby required to ascertain the Sum due for Rent, and to make a Decree for Payment of the same, and the Costs for defending such Civil Bill, and of such Distress; and such Sum and Costs shall and may be levied by virtue of such Decree, and such Decree shall be in the Form (4.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed;

1 m case it shall appear that no U 4 Rent

Replevin.

Form of Bond.

If proposed Sureties be objected to, the Reason of Refusal to be stated in Writing.

Copy of Civil Bill to be served on Defendant.

Assistant Barrister to hear and determine such Civil Bill.

312

iReplevin, .

Bailiff a competent Witness in Replevin.

Bond to be assigned if Plaintiff do not prosecute Suit.

Mode of Assignment of Bond.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Rent was due at the Time of such Distress, or that a Tender was made of the Amount due, together with reasonable Costs of Distress, previous to the lodging of such Civil Bill, or that such Distress was illegally made, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to direct the Bond which shall have been so given as aforesaid to be delivered up to the Party complaining of the Distress, and also to make a Decree in the Form (5.) of the said Schedule, for Payment by the Defendant to such Party of such Damages as the Court may think fit, and, if necessary, to direct that such Damages and Costs shall be set off against or deducted from any Rent then due or thereafter to accrue due by the Party complaining, and to make a Decree accordingly.

XLVII. In all Cases of any Proceedings in Replevin under this Act it shall and may be lawful, on the hearing of the Civil Bill, for the Bailiff or other Person who may have made the Distress on the Part of the Landlord claiming the Rent to be examined as a Witness on behalf of such Landlord, and he is hereby declared to be a competent Witness, notwithstanding that he may be a Party Defendant in such Action or Proceeding.

XLVIII. In case the Plaintiff in Replevin shall not cause said Civil Bill to be served as herein-before mentioned, or shall not duly appear at the Sessions, and there prosecute his Civil Bill, or, having appeared, his Civil Bill shall be dismissed because the annual Rent in respect of which the Distress was made exceeded Fifty Pounds, or by reason of his disputing that the Person by or on whose Behalf the Distress was made was Landlord as aforesaid, and in every Case where he shall not obtain a Decree therein, the Assistant Barrister shall, at the Request of any Party named as a Defendant in such Civil Bill, make an Order that the Bond so directed to be given to the Sheriff as aforesaid shall be assigned to the Defendant, or, if more than One, to such of the Defendants as he shall think fit; and such Bond shall be assigned by the Sheriff or his Representative to such Person or Persons as the Assistant Barrister shall direct; and such Assignment shall be by an Indorsement, signed by the Sheriff or his Representative, on the Bond, to the Effect following; that is to say, c J A.B., Sheriff of do hereby assign the within

(Bond to his Executors or Administrators,

this Day of /

Which Indorsement shall not require any Stamp; and such Bond shall be and stand as a Security for the full Amount of the Value of the Goods distrained, and the Costs of the Proceedings in relation to the Distress, and of the Proceedings on such Civil Bill and on such Bond; and the Assignee of such Bond shall be at liberty to sue in his own Name, upon such Bond, all or any One or more of the Obligors thereof in the Court of the Assistant Barrister within whose Jurisdiction any One of such Obligors shall reside, without regard to the Amount

1851.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

313

of the Penalty of such Bond; and it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to order that the Goods distrained shall be returned to the Party who distrained the same; and in every lft?oodsrc-such Case where the Goods distrained shall be actually returned ceedh^bT to the Party who distrained the same, and the Costs of the had on°Bond, Proceedings paid, no further Proceeding shall be had on the *nd Goods may Bond which shall have been given as aforesaid; and all such be sold *

Goods, if returned or recovered under any such Decree as aforesaid, may be sold, for the Recovery of the Rent due, and Expenses, not sooner than after the Expiration of the Second Day after the Day of the Return thereof.

XLIX. Where the Amount of the Assets of any deceased Legacies. Person shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Two hundred Legacies and Pounds it shall and may be lawful for any Legatee of any distributive specific Chattel, or for any Legatee of any pecuniary Legacy Shares payable payable out of the Assets of any such deceased Person, or ^deceased for any Residuary Legatee, or for any Person or Persons entitled Person (when as next of Kin of any such deceased Person, or the Executors, Asset* dialJnot Administrators, or Assigns of such Legatee or next of Kin, and r^ovcrableby they and each of them are and is hereby authorized and Civil Bill, empowered, to proceed by Civil Bill against the Executor or Administrator of such deceased Person in the County or Riding in which such Executor or Administrator, or One of such Executors or Administrators, in case there shall be more than One, shall be resident, for the Recovery of such Legacies or distributive Shares, at any Time after the Expiration of One Year from the Decease of the Testator or Intestate, but not sooner; and such Civil Bill shall be in the Form (6.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister, upon due Proof that the Defendant had received, or without wilful Default might have received, Assets of the Testator or Intestate sufficient, and liable, after Payment of all just Debts, for the Satisfaction in a due Course of Administration, either in the whole or in part, of the Plaintiff's Demand, to make a Decree for Payment of such Legacy in the Form (7.) in the said Schedule, or to make a Decree for Payment of the distributive Portion rateably and proportionably with other Legatees standing in the same Situation, or other next of Kin respectively, as the Case may be, in the Form (8.) in the said Schedule; and in case the Plaintiff shall establish his Right to any specific Chattel, it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister to make an Order for Delivery of the same to the Party entitled thereto, or to make a Decree for Payment of the Value thereof, and Costs of Suit; and in case the Plaintiff shall establish his Right as Residuary Legatee, it shall and may be lawful for such Assistant Barrister to make an Order for the Delivery, Transfer, or Payment of such Residuary Estate and Effects to the Party decreed entitled thereto. Executors and

L. Where the Property or Assets of any deceased Person shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, counts if *. \ every quired.

Legacies,

Penalty on Executors or Administrators neglecting to lodge such Account.

Examination of Executor or Administrator.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, 8fc, (Ireland,) 14 & 15 VICT.

every Executor or Administrator shall, if thereunto required by Notice in Writing by any Legatee, next of Kin, Creditor, or other Person interested therein, at any Time after Twelve Months from the Decease of the Testator or Intestate, lodge with the Clerk of the Peace of the County wherein such Tes-tator or Intestate resided at the Time of his Death, and if he shall reside in a County different from that in which such Testator or Intestate resided, also in the County wherein such Executor or Administrator resides, a Schedule or Account, setting forth the Particulars of the Property or Assets which the Testator or Intestate died possessed of or entitled to, and the Amount, Produce, and Value of the same respectively, and the Amounts and Particulars of the Debts due by the said Testator or Intestate, and the Amounts and Particulars of the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral and Testamentary Expenses of the Testator or Intestate paid by or on account of any such Executor or Administrator, and showing the Balance applicable to the Purposes of the Will of the said Testator, or distributable amongst the next of Kin of the said Intestate, or the Property' or Chattels then undisposed of; and every such Schedule or Account shall be signed by such Executor or Administrator, and verified by the Oath or Affirmation (as the Case may be) of the Executor or Administrator, to be sworn or made before the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Executor or Administrator resides, and which Oath or Affirmation the said Clerk of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer; and such Schedules or Accounts shall be preserved and kept by the Clerks of the Peace amongst the Records of their respective Counties or Ridings, and shall be deemed and taken as Evidence against the said Executor or Administrator of the several Matters therein contained; and in case any such Executor or Administrator shall neglect to lodge such Schedule or Schedules as aforesaid within the Time herein-before specified, he shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to he recoverable by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister of the County wherein such Executor shall reside, by any Person so requiring such Account.

LI. In all Proceedings by Civil Bill by any Legatee or next of Kin for Recovery of any Legacy or distributive Share as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff, as such Legatee or next of Kin in such Civil Bill as aforesaid, to examine such Executor or Administrator on Oath in open Court, if the Court shall deem it necessary, in order to obtain a Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the Testator or Intestate at the Time of his or her Decease, and the Value thereof, and of his or her Debts, Funeral and Testamentary Expenses, and to obtain an Admission that the Defendant is the Executor or Administrator (as the Case may be), and to ascertain all such Facts of which a Party suing as Legatee or as next of Kin in a Court of Equity is entitled to a Discovery.

LIL Every

1851.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

315

LIL Every Executor or Administrator may be compelled by Executor* or Summons, to be issued and signed in the Manner herein-after prescribed for Witnesses summoned to give Evidence in Civil Copy of Will Bill Courts, to attend and produce the Probate (if any) of the Letter* of Will of the Testator or the Letters of Administration of the ^atosu^tto Testator or Intestate (as the Case may be), and submit to be be examined on eiamined on Oath in open Court touching the Matters aforesaid °*th on Trial on the Trial of any such Civil Bill in any Division where such of Clvil Bill# Cause shall be heard; and every Executor or Administrator who shall disobey any such Summons shall forfeit and pay, to the Party at whose Bequest such Summons was issued, the Sum of Ten Pounds, as a Penalty, but such Fine or Penalty may be reduced or wholly remitted, if the Assistant Barrister before whom he shall have been required to attend shall, upon good and sufficient Cause being shown, think fit to reduce or remit the same.

LIII. It shall be lawful for any Assistant Barrister, in any Assistant Bar-Civil Bill Proceeding for a Legacy or a distributive Share of ad"

the Property or Assets of a Testator or an Intestate, to order claim* or As-the Party suing to give Notice, either by Advertisement or set *, otherwise, requiring Persons having Claims on the Property or Assets of the Deceased to produce and verify such Claims; and no such Advertisement shall be charged with or liable to any Duty; and all Costs relating to such Notice shall be borne and paid in such Manner and by such Parties as such Assistant Barrister shall order or direct; and the Assistant Barrister may, if he shall think fit to direct such Notice to be given, adjourn the Hearing of the Civil Bill to some future Sessions, and from Time to Time as Occasion may require, so as to allow sufficient Time for publishing or giving such Notice.

LIV. In any such Action or Proceeding the Assistant Bar- Money may be rister may, if he shall think fit, order Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, or such Branch Bank of the Bank of Ireland be paid into as he shall direct, in the Name of such Clerk of the Peace, to the Bank, the Credit of the Cause in question, and such Money shall be applied and disposed of according to the Order and Directions of the Assistant Barrister, and all Payments of such Monies shall vest in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, and shall be made upon an Order in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace, countersigned by the Assistant Barrister, which Order shall be a good and sufficient Warrant to all Intents and Purposes.

LV. It shall and may be lawful for any Legatee of any pecu- Legacies not niary Legacy not exceeding Twenty Pounds charged upon or c£ceed\ng 20*m payable out of any Real Estate or any Chattel Bern, or for any Reaf Estate to Person to whom Arrears not exceeding Twenty Pounds are due be recoverable in respect of any Rent-charge or Annuity charged upon or pay- b7 civil Bill* able out of any Real Estate or Chattel Beal, to proceed by Civil Bill against the Person who shall be entitled to the Real Estate or Chattel Real charged with such Legacy or Arrears; and it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon

due

316

Legacies,

Legacies and Annuities not exceeding 20/. charged on Personal Estate to be recoverable by Civil Bill.

Executor de son tort to lie liable.

Parties,

One or more of several Persons liable may be sued by Civil Bill.

Where Assistant Barrister is Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit, or resides within his County, Civil Bill may be brought to next adjoining County.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &fc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

due Proof by the Plaintiff that such Real Estate or Chattel Real is liable to such Legacy or Arrears, unless the Owner thereof shall satisfy the said Assistant Barrister that he has not received therefrom, for his own Use and Benefit, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Legacy or Sum sought to be recovered, and which was properly applicable to the Payment thereof, or that there is Personal Property liable to the Payment thereof available for that Purpose, to decree the Payment of such Legacy or Arrears by the Owner of such Real Estate or Chattel ReaL

LVI. It shall and may be lawful for any Legatee of any pecuniary Legacy not exceeding Twenty Pounds, payable out of any Personal Estate, or for any Person to whom Arrears not exceeding Twenty Pounds are due in respect of any Annuity payable out of any Personal Estate, (whatever may be the Amount of such Personal Estate,) to proceed by Civil Bill against the Executor or Administrator of such Personal Estate; and it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon due Proof by the Plaintiff' that such Personal Estate is liable to such Legacy or Arrears, and that the Executor or Administrator thereof has received therefrom sufficient Assets applicable to the Payment thereof, and available for that Purpose, to decree the Payment by such Executor or Administrator of such Legacy or Arrears, or of such Part thereof as such available Assets wiU extend to pay.

LVII. Any Person rendering himself an Executor de son tort shall be liable to be sued by Civil Bill, as if he were a rightful Executor, in the Manner and to the Extent herein mentioned respecting rightful Executors, provided that such Executor de son tort shall not be liable beyond the Amount of the Assets actually received by him.

LVI 11. Where any Person shall have any Demand recoverable under this Act against Two or more Persons jointly liable, it shall and may be lawful for him to sue by Civil Bill all such Persons so jointly liable who shall reside within the County or Riding in which such Civil Bill shall be brought, and a Decree may be made and Execution issued against the Person or Persons so sued, notwithstanding that any other or others jointly liable may reside out of the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister.

LIX. If any Assistant Barrister shall have any Cause of Action, in Replevin or otherwise, against any Person residing within the County or Riding in which he shall act as such Assistant Barrister, or if any Person shall have any Cause of Action in Replevin or otherwise, against an Assistant Barrister w ho shall reside within the County or Riding in which he shall act as such Assistant Barrister, then and in every such Case such Assistant Barrister shall sue or may be sued in the Civil Bill Court of any of the next adjoining Counties, and nearest to the Residence of the Defendant, or any of the Defendants if more than One; and Service of the Process in the County or Riding in which the Defendant shall reside, made by any Process Officer of such County, or by any Process Officer of the County

1851.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 317

County in which the Process is intended to be heard, shall be Partiu.

deemed good Service on such Defendant to appear before the -

Assistant Barrister at the Sessions of such adjoining County, who shall have Jurisdiction to hear and determine such Civil Bill; and the Decree or Dismiss of such last-mentioned Assistant Barrister shall have full Force and Effect in and shall be executed by the Sheriff or Sheriff's Bailiff of the County in which the Party against whom the said Decree or Dismiss has been made shall reside: Provided always, that in every such Case the Reason for bringing such Civil Bill in such next adjoining County shall be stated upon the Civil Bill Process:

Provided also, that if the Service of such Process shall be made by any Process Officer of the County in which the Defendant resides, such Service may be verified by an Affidavit of Service by him made before any Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Service was effected, who is hereby authorized and required to take the same; and for every such Service and Affidavit such Process Officer shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

LX. The Civil Bill Process to be served upon the Defendant Proem.

in all Cases not otherwise provided for, requiring him to appear civil rniTneed before the Assistant Barrister, shall be in the Form (9.) in the not be signed Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the by Attorney, Nature of the Case will permit, always preserving the Substance of the same; and it shall not be necessary that any such some one on his Civil Bill Process shall be signed by any Attorney, or by the Behalf; save in Clerk of the Peace, or by the Assistant Barrister, or any other Eiectment* Officer, but it shall be sufficient if the same be signed by the Plaintiff or any One or more of the Plaintiff^ therein mentioned, or by any other Person on behalf of the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs: Provided always, that in all Ejectment Cases the Civil Bill Process shall be signed by an Attorney, who shall set forth his Place of Residence thereon.

LXI. Every Civil Bill Process, and Decree or Dismiss had All Civil Bills, thereon, under this Act, shall contain the Addition and last and

known Place of Residence of the Parties, Plaintiffs and De- conudnAddi-fendants; and that in case of the Omission thereof any such tion and Resi-Civil Bill, unless amended under the Provisions of this Act, dence of Parties. or Decree or Dismiss, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall be sufficient to describe Corporate Bodies or Joint Stock Companies, whether Plaintiffs or Defendants, by the proper and respective Titles in which they are entitled to sue or to be sued, without inserting any Addition or Place of Residence, and where the Attorney General shall be a Party on behalf of the Crown, it shall not be necessary to set forth his Addition or Residence.

LXII. And whereas under the Provisions of this Act divers Stamps on Civil Sums of Money will become annually charged upon and pay- p^c^r^aof able out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Copies.

Great Britain and Ireland for additional Salaries to the Assist-

V ^iGCantte

Process.

CommissionerB of Inland Eeenue to issue stamped Forms.

Penalty on taking more than Amount of Stamp Duty.

Cap. 57.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

(ant Barristers, in lieu of the Fees heretofore payable to them (by the Suitors upon certain Civil Bill Proceedings, which f Fees henceforth will cease to be payable, and it is reasonable, in order to meet the said Charges, that certain Duties of ' Stamps herein-after specified should be granted and be made payable upon certain of the Civil Bill Forms and Proceedings herein specified:' Be it therefore enacted, That the Forms next herein-after mentioned hereby provided to be used shall be severally subject to the following Stamp Duties payable to Her Majesty; that is to say.

d. 6 6 6

2

0

0

0

0

1

6

6

6

6

6

0

Every original Civil Bill Ejectment Process - 2 Every Civil Bill for Redemption - - 2

Every original Civil Bill Process in Replevin - 2

Every original Process for the Recovery of any Legacy or distributive Share of Assets -Every other original Civil Bill -Every Copy thereof served -

Every Notice of Renewal -

Every Copy thereof served -Every Recognizance of Appeal

And even in the event of the Plaintiff's obtaining a Decree the Amount of such Stamps shall be charged against the Defendant or Defendants as Part of the Costs of his Proceeding; and printed Forms, with such Stamp on each as aforesaid, mall be issued from the Office of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make for the Sale of the same by the several Sub-Distributors of Stamps, or by any other Persons; and any such Sub-Distributor of Stamps or other Person, who shall, without express Authority from the said Commissioners for such Purpose, demand or receive for any One of such Forms, from any Person whatever, any greater Sum of Money than the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such Form, or who shall in any other Way offend against such Regulations as aforesaid, or against any other Regulations made or to be made by the said Commissioners, and which shall be from Time to Time in force as to any other Stamps, shall be liable to the same Forfeitures and Punishments as are by any Act or Acts provided for any like Offence in respect to any other Stamps issued by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the Court upon the hearing of any Civil Bill that any original Civil Bill Process or Notice of Renewal, or any Copy thereof served upon any Defendant, shall not have been duly stamped, or had been previously used as a Process, Notice, or Copy thereof in any other Suit, the several and respective Assistant Barristers are hereby required forthwith to dismiss the said Civil Bill, and to order and direct that the original Process, Notice, or Copy thereof so wanting the said Stamp required by this Act shall be held and impounded by the Clew of the Peace.

LXIIL If

1851.

319

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

LXIII. If any Sub-Distributor of Stamps or other Person Proceu. whatsoever shall (without express Authority for such Purpose Distributor» or from the said Commissioners), by himself, or any other for his others taking Use or Profit, ask, demand, receive, or take any greater Sum more than erf Money or other Thing for any One such printed Form than the Sum which is hereby made chargeable thereon to Her Majesty printed Forms as and for the Stamp Duty on such printed Form, and so in to forfeit Fire proportion for any greater Number of such printed Forms, such Person so asking, demanding, receiving, or taking, or the Person for whose Use and Benefit such greater Sum of Money or other Thing shall be asked, demanded, received, or taken, by the Authority of, or Consent, Direction, or Approbation of, such Person for whose Use and Benefit the same shall be asked, demanded, received, or taken, shall forfeit and pay to the Person injured the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill to Be brought by such Person within Twelve Months from the Time of such Offence committed; provided that the Plaintiff in such Civil Bill may, at his Election, sue either the Person perBOn who who shall have so asked, demanded, received, or taken such take* such greater Sum or other Thing, or the Person for whose Use or Benefit such greater Sum or other Thing was so as aforesaid wh0Se Use asked, demanded, received, or taken, but not both of them. taken.

LrXIV. The said Stamp Duties by this Act imposed and Power* and granted shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commis- be applied to sioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all the the Stamp Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions, Fines,

Forfeiture, Pains, and Penalties, contained in or imposed by ^ct. the several Acts of Parliament relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall respectively be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamp Duties by this Act granted or imposed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Stamp Duties by this Act granted or imposed.

LXV. Service of any Civil Bill Process on the Defendant

shall be effected, either by personal Service of the Civil Bill __________ *

Process, or by leaving a Copy thereof at the Defendant's House How Process is or Place of Residence, or at his Office, Warehouse, Counting- to be served, house, Shop, Factor} ', or Place of Business, with the Wife,

Child, Father, Mother, Brother, Sister, or any other Relation of the Defendant or of his Wife, or with any Servant or Clerk of the Defendant, (the Person with whom such Copy shall be left being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards,) and showing to such Person the Original of such Civil Bill Process; and No Decree to no Decree, other than a Decree in Ejectment or Replevin, *

shall be made by any Assistant Barrister unless the Process in Proof of Ser-such Cause shall, by the Oath of the Process Officer in open Tice *

Court before the said Assistant Barrister, or by the Production of the Books of the Process Officer in the Cases herein-before

provided.

Service of Process.

Ai to Service of Process on Lodgers.

As to Service of Process outside Dwelling House.

As to Time when Processes are to be served.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

provided, be satisfactorily proved to have been duly served, and unless it shall be proved that the House or Place of Residence in which the Defendant, or, in the Case of more than One Defendant, in which One of the Defendants, shall at the Time of such Service have usually resided, or that the Office, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, Factory, or Place of Business of the Defendant or One of the Defendants is situate within such Division of the County where the said Court is held at which the said Defendant or the said Defendants shall be required to appear.

LXVI. Where any Defendant in any Civil Bill shall be a Lodger in any House in which his Landlord shall also reside. Service of any Civil Bill Process within such Dwelling House upon such Landlord so residing, or upon the Wife, Child, or Servant, being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards, of such Landlord, and posting a Copy of such Process on the usual Place for posting Notices on the nearest Police Barrack to the House in which the said Defendant shall so lodge, shall be deemed good Service of such Civil Bill Process upon the said Defendant; provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Assistant Barrister that due Diligence had been used to effect personal Service upon the Defendant, or Service upon

sWife.

LXVII. If the Wife, Child, Father, Mother, Brother, Sister, or other Relative of the Defendant in any Civil Bill Process, or of his Wife, or any Servant of the Defendant who respectively usually resides with the said Defendant, shall be outside the Dwelling House or Place of Residence of the Defendant, but within reasonable Distance, it shall and may be lawful for the Process Officer to deliver to the said Wife, Child, Father, Mother, Brother, Sister, or other Relative of the said Defendant or of his Wife, being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards, so usually residing with the said Defendant, or to such Servant of the said Defendant, a Copy of the said Process for the said Defendant, outside the Dwelling House or Place of Residence of the said Defendant, and within such Distance as aforesaid from the same, and such Service of Process shall be deemed as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if Service on any of said Parties of said Copy of said Process had been effected within the said Dwelling House or Place of Residence: Provided always, that at the Time of such Service personal Service on the Defendant, or Service on any Person within such Dwelling House, Lodging, or Place of Residence, could not have been effected.

LXVIII. The Civil Bill Process shall, in all Cases of Ejectment, and in all Cases for the Recovery of Legacies, and distributive Shares of Assets, and in all Cases where the Demand shall exceed Twenty Pounds, be served Fifteen clear Days before the First Day of the Sessions, and that in all other Cases every Civil Bill Process shall be served Six clear Days before the First Day of the Sessions, unless otherwise provided

mi.

Civil Bill *, frc. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

321

Servict of Procttu

provided by any Act or Acts giving the Jurisdiction in the particular Case, and not hereby repealed, and then so as re- __________

nsd by such Act or Acts; and that in no Case whatsoever any Civil Bill Process be served on Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, and Service upon any of said Days shall be absolutely null and void *

LXIX. No Defendant shall be liable to be sued or pro- Defenda°Jt not ceeded against by Civil Bill under this Act, or obliged to appear SlM*irion°in in any Cause to be heard and determined at any Session or which he lives, Adjournment thereof to be held out of the Division in which unle^ *f herein he usually resides, unless there shall be more than One Defendant fcpeci in such Cause, in which Case the Plaintiff shall be at liberty to bring his Civil Bill in such Division of the County where any One of the Defendants shall so reside 2 Provided always, that What shall be if any Person shall have and occupy any House, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, Factory, or Office for the Sale of Goods, County? ° or for carrying on any Business, in any County, he shall be deemed to have a Residence within such County for the Purposes of this Act.

LXX. In any Case where it shall appear to the Assistant Be*iit Barrister, by Examination on Oath in open Court, that any ince to erring Officer appointed to serve the Process of the said Civil Bill the Process, a Court has been prevented by forcible Resistance, or by reasonable Apprehension of personal Injury, from effecting Service ^*the Court of any Process of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for House and on such Assistant Barrister in every such Case to direct, by an Order to be signed by him, and entered in the Book of the Clerk nearesUdllrket of the Peace, that posting a Copy of a Civil Bill Process on the Town,

Court House in which the Court may be then sitting, and on the usual Place for posting Notices in the nearest Market Town to the Residence of the Defendant named in such Process, or of One of the Defendants if there be more than One, at least Twenty-one Days before the First Day of the next Sessions to be holden for the same Division of the County or Riding, shall be deemed good Service of such Process, and at Foot of every such Copy shall be affixed a Notice that the same is so

?)sted by Order of the said Assistant Barrister, and that such rocess will be held good Service thereof; and upon its being proved on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister at the next Sessions holden for the same Division that such Copy and Notice have been so duly posted, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister and he is hereby authorized and required to proceed to hear and determine such Civil Bill, in all respects as if the Process thereon had been personally served on the Defendant or Defendants named therein.

LXXI. The respective Assistant Barristers shall and they Ejectments. are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine, Assi«tanT within their respective Jurisdictions, all Disputes and Differ- Barrister em-ences between Party and Party respecting or relating to Lands, powered to put Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, situate within £

their respective Jurisdictions, to the Extent and in manner deserted Tenc-

merits in arrear

387

for Half a Year's Rent.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

following; that is to say, that if any Tenant holding any Tenement who shall be in arrear for One Half Year's Rent shall desert the Tenement demised to him, whether by Deed, Contract, or Minute in Writing, or by Parol, or from Year to Year, or leave the same uncultivated, or carry off the Stock and Crop, or otherwise abandon the same, so that no sufficient Distress may be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent due for the same at the Time of such Desertion, it shall be lawful for the Landlord or Lessor of the Tenement so deserted, or left unoccupied or uncultivated, to proceed by way of Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister of any County or Riding in which the Tenement or any Part thereof shall be situate, to obtain Possession of the Tenement so deserted or left unoccupied or uncultivated, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding in which such Tenement or any Part thereof shall be, having no Interest in the demised Premises, at the Request of such Landlord or Lessor, his Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the same, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and, having fully ascertained to their Satisfaction, by Examination of Witnesses, or by their own View, that the Premises are so deserted by the Tenant, or left so unoccupied or uncultivated as aforesaid, and without sufficient Distress to countervail the Arrears of Rent due at the Time of such Desertion, to certify to the Assistant Barrister before whom such Proceedings by Civil Bill shall be, under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, that they have together viewed the Tenement in question (fully describing the same), and that the same appeared to them deserted and unoccupied or uncultivated, and without any Distress thereon sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent ascertained by Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor, his Agent, Bailiff or Receiver, to be due thereon, after all just and fair Allowances; which Certificate, when proved to have been duly executed, shall be Evidence of the Facts therein contained, unless the same shall be disproved by contrary Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister before whom the Case shall come, upon such Civil Bill as aforesaid, or to the Satisfaction of a Judge upon Appeal from such Civil Bill; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Landlord, after obtaining from the said Justices the said Certificate, to serve a Civil Bill Process, together with a Copy of such Certificate, on the Tenant against whom such Proceeding shall be had, if such Tenant can be found, and if not, to affix such Process and a Copy of such Certificate upon some conspicuous Part of the said Tenement, and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Parish Church (if any within the Parish), and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Roman Catholic Chapel (if any within the Parish), summoning the Tenant or Tenants who may have so deserted the Premises personally to appear before the Assistant Barrister on the First Day

1851. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57J 3231

Day of the Quarter Sessions to be held for the Division of Ejectments. the County in which the Premises or any Part of them shall -

be, or, in Cases where the Premises shall be situate within the County of the City of Dublin, at a Court to be held before the Recorder, to answer the said Bill of the Landlord or Lessor; and that it shall be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister *

Chairman of the County of Dublin, or Recorder, as the Case may be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Certificate by any Person who may have witnessed the Execution of the same, and upon Proof that at least One Half Year's Rent was due to such Landlord or Lessor for the Premises when such Certificate was made, and that the Civil Bill Process and a Copy of such Certificate were served as aforesaid, or that the Tenant could not be found so that the same could be served, then, upon Proof that such Process and a Copy of such Certificate had been duly affixed as herein-before mentioned, and upon hearing the Tenant, in case such Tenant shall appear, and such Evidence as shall be offered on behalf of such Tenant, if any shall be offered, and duly considering the same, to decree the said Landlord or Lessor to be put into possession of the Premises.

LXXLL In all Cases where any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Ejectment for ditaments shall have been held by any Tenant at a Rent not ^Ten^ifa^a exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annuniy and the Tenant's Interest in Rent not ex-the same shall have determined, and after Demand made by the 50L per

Landlord or Lessor, his Agent, Bailiff, or Receiver, and Delivery afteHe^il

of Possession of the same shall be withheld, it shall and may be Notice, where lawful for the said Landlord or Lessor to proceed by Civil Bill Tenant's Inte-against such Tenant, and such other Person, if any, as shall be in the actual Possession of the Premises, and thereupon to serve Possession has such Tenant and such other Persons as aforesaid with a Civil been demanded. Bill Process, if such Service can be effected, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal that such Service cannot be effected, or in case there-be not any Person in actual Possession of the Premises, to affix such Process upon some conspicuous Part of the Premises, and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Parish Church (if any within the Parish), and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Roman Catholic Chapel (if there shall be any within the Parish), by which Process all Persons claiming to have any Interest in the Premises shall be recpiired to appear before the Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, as the Case may be, on the First Day of the Quarter Sessions for the Division of the County or Riding in which the Premises or any Part thereof shall be situate, or at a Court to be held before the Recorder for the hearing and determining of Civil Bills, in Cases where the Premises are situate within the County of the City of Dublin, to answer the Bill of the said Landlord or Lessor, praying to be put into possession thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant

X 2 by

324

Ejtdnunit *

How Landlord shall proceed in Cases where a Year's Rent shall be due.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, tfc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, or Recorder, as the Case may be, upon such Civil Bill, and upon Proof of such Service as aforesaid, or in case of Impossibility or unreasonable Difficulty of Service, to be ascertained in manner herein-before provided, or in case there shall be no Person in actual Possession of the Premises, upon Proof of affixing the said Process as herein-before required, and that the Premises had been held by the Tenant against whom such Proceedings shall be at a Rate not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and that the Interest of the Tenant had determined, and that Notice to quit (in Cases where such Notice is by Law necessary) had been duly served, and the Time for the Delivery of the Possession thereof expired, to decree the said Landlord or Lessor to be put in possession of the Premises.

LXXIII. In all Cases where any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall have been held by any Tenant under any Lease, Article, Minute, or Contract in Writing, or by Parol Demise, or under a Tenancy from Year to Year, at a Rent not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and that a full Year's Rent shall be due thereout, it shall and may be lawful for the Lessor or Landlord to proceed by Civil Bill Ejectment against such Tenant, and also against such Persons (if any) as shall be in actual Possession of the said Premises, and also against Persons having any Interest for valuable Consideration, in Cases where the Deeds or Instruments, if any, creating such Interests shall have been duly registered, and thereupon to serve such Tenant and such other Persons as aforesaid with Civil Bill Process (if such Service can be effected), and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal that such Service cannot be effected, or in case there be not any Person in actual Possession of the Premises, to affix such Process upon some conspicuous Part of the said Premises, and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Parish Church (if there shall be any in the Parish), and also upon the Door or Gate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Roman Catholic Chapel (if there shall be any in the Parish), by which Process all Persons churning to have Interest in the Premises shall be required to appear before the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the County of Dublin, or Recorder of any City or Borough, as the Case may be, on the First Day of the Quarter Sessions for the Division of the County or Riding in which the Premises or any Part of them shall be situate, or at a Court to be held before such Recorder for the hearing or determining of Civil Bills, in Cases where the Premises shall be situate within the Jurisdiction of such Recorder, to answer the Bill of the said Lessor or Landlord praying to be put in possession thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or Recorder, as the Case may be, upon Proof of such Service as aforesaid, or, in case of Impossibility or unreasonable Difficulty of Service, to be ascertained as hereinbefore

325

1851. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

before provided, upon Proof of such affixing of the said Pro- qj*m*u. cess, and that the Premises were then held by the Tenant at a Bent not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, and that a Sum equal to One full Year's Rent at such Rent was due when such Proceeding by Civil Bill was commenced, and still remained due, to decree the said Lessor or Landlord to be put into possession of the said Premises; and in case the Tenant or Tenants, Tenant, after his or their Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons claiming or deriving under him or them, shall suffer the Decree appeal therel to be executed putting the Lessor or Landlord into possession from; of the Premises, without paying the Rent and Arrear thereon, with full Costs, or without preferring a Civil Bill for Relief to the Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or Recorder, as the Case may be, or filing any Bill or Bills for Relief in Equity within the Time now limited by the several Statutes which regulate the Action of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent after such Execution executed, then and in such Case the said Tenant or Tenants, his or their Assignee or Assignees, and all other Persons deriving under him or them, shall be barred and foreclosed from all Relief or Remedy in Law or Equity, other than by Appeal from the Decree, the said Appeal to be brought within the Time by this Act limited for bringing of Appeals on Civil Bills: and may tender Provided always, that the Tenant or other Person so evicted under the Provisions of this Act for or by reason of Nonpay- session, ment of Rent may, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after Execution executed, tender the Rent and Costs, for the Purpose of redeeming the said Premises; and that in all Cases where he or they shall have made such Tender, he and they may be restored to the Possession of such Premises by a Decree of the Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or the Recorder, as the Case may be, on a Civil Bill for Redemption preferred for that Purpose, and due Proof made of their being respectively entitled thereto, anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. In all Cases of Ejectment by Civil Bill for Non- In Civil Bill payment of Rent the Amount claimed to be due for Rent, and ^o^pT^ncnt°r the Times at which the same accrued, shall be stated upon the of Rent the Civil Bill, which Statement shall be written or printed thereon Amount in the following Form, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Case will admit; (that is to say,)

4 'J'HE Plaintiff claims being for Years

Rent up to the Day of and if the

Amount thereof be paid to the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or his known Agent or Receiver, together with the Sum of Shillings, the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid

4 on the original Ejectment and Copies served, and Five Shillings for Service and filing the Ejectment, the said Sums making together the Sum of in full of all Costs of such

4 Ejectment Proceedings, before the Day of

4 (being the Day next but One before the First Day of the next Sessions), further Proceedings will be stayed. '

326

JfactrtunH.

Defendant may deposit Rent and Costs Fi\e Days before the First Day of the Sessions.

In such Civil Bill Ejectment ^, if the Defendant, before a Decree, pay or

Cap. 5? *

Civil Bilky 8fc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

And upon Payment or Tender within the Time so mentioned of the Rent so specified, together with such Sum as aforesaid for Costs, to the Plaintiff, or his Attorney, known Agent, or Receiver, ^ill further Proceedings in such Ejectment shall cease and be stayed accordingly.

LXXV. It shall be lawful for any Defendant in any Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, Five Days previous to the Day on which by such Civil Bill he is required to appear, to deposit with the Clerk of the Peace a Sum of Money for Rent* together with the Sum mentioned on said Civil Bill for Costs, for which Deposit the Clerk of the Peace, upon Payment of a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence, shall give to the Defendant a Certificate according to the Form (10.) in the Schedule (C.) hereto annexed, and also a Duplicate of such Certificate, which Certificate and Duplicate shall be free from the Payment of Stamp Duty, and of which Certificate a Copy shall be entered by the Clerk of the Peace in the Book kept by him for entering Decrees in Civil Bill Ejectments; and the Defendant shall. Three Days previous to the Day on which lie is required to appear as aforesaid, deliver to or leave at the Place of Abode of the Plaintiff, his Agent, Receiver, or Attorney in such Cause, such Duplicate Certificate; and in case the Plaintiff or his Attorney in such Cause shall receive from the Clerk of the Peace the Sum so deposited, which the said. Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to pay over to the Plaintiff or his Attorney on Demand, such Receipt and Payment shall be deemed to be in full Discharge of the Rent claimed by such Civil Bill and of Costs; but in case the Plaintiff or his Attorney, after such Certificate shall have been delivered or left as aforesaid, shall not accept the Sum so deposited, on or before the Day next previous, or (in case of Sunday intervening) on or l>cfore the Day next but one previous to the Day on which the Defendant is required to appear as aforesaid, and if upon the hearing of such Civil Bill it shall appear that no greater Sum than the Sum so deposited for Rent was due to the Plaintiff for Rent at the Time of the Service of such Civil Bill Ejectment, and that such Duplicate Certificate has been delivered or left as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to dismiss such Civil Bill, with the Costs of the Proceedings subsequent to the Time of the making of such Deposit, as in other Cases of Dismisses of Civil Bill Ejectments; or if it shall appear that any greater Sum than the Sum so deposited for Rent was due to the Plaintiff for Rent, then it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to make a Decree for the Plaintiff, with Costs, and thereupon the Amount of the Deposit shall be returned to the Defendant.

LXXVI. If the Tenant or the Defendant in any such Civil Bill Ejectment shall at any Time after the Period hereinbefore limited for making such Deposit for Rent and Costs, and l>efore the signing and issuing of a Decree upon such Civil Bill, |»y or tender to the Lessor or Landlord, his Executors or Adminia-

trators.

1951. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

trators, or his or their Agent, or the Attorney in such Civil Bill Ejectment, all Rent and Arrears then due, together with the Costs, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to order all further Proceedings on such Civil Bill to be stayed and discontinued, upon Payment of such Costs as he shall deem reasonable to be paid by the Defendant, not exceeding such Costs as would be properly payable at the Time of such Tender: Provided always, that in case of such Tender as last aforesaid, $nd Refusal to receive the Sum so tendered, such Money shall be lodged in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, and shall be paid over to such Landlord or Lessor on Demand: Provided also, that the Decision of the Assistant Barrister in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be subject to such Appeal as hefein-after provided in other Cases of Civil Bill Ejectments for Nonpayment of Rent.

LXXVIL Upon every Sheriffs Warrant under* a Decree in any Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent there shall be a Statement of the Amount of the Rent then due, according to the Affidavit of the Landlord or his Agent verifying the Ejectment, and of the Plaintiffs Costs; and if at any Time before Execution executed the Defendant or Tenant shall pay to the Sheriff the said Sums for Rent and Costs, together with One Moiety of such Sheriff's Fees for such Execution as would be legally payable if such Execution had been executed, such Sheriff shall stay such Execution, subject nevertheless to any Order which may be made by the Court from which such Execution shall have' issued, and the Sheriff shall endorse on such Civil Bill as a Return thereto the Receipt by him of such Rent. Costs, and Fees.

LXXVIII. Every Lessor or Landlord recovering Possession by such Decree as aforesaid shall and may. have the same and like Remedy for all Arrears of Rent to the Time of the Execution of the said Decree as such Lessor or Landlord might have had if Possession had not been obtained under such Decree.

LXXIX. The Chairman of the County of Dublin, and the several Assistant Barristers, and the Recorder of the County of the City of Dublin, and the several Recorders herein mentioned, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine within their respective Jurisdictions all Disputes and Differences respecting the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held under any Grant, Lease, or other Instrument for any Term or Interest the Duration or Extent whereof when originally granted of created did not or shall not exceed Three Lives, without any Provision for the Renewal thereof, or a Term of Sixty-one Years determinable on Three Lives, or Three Lives with a concurrent Term of Years not exceeding Sixty-one Years, or a Term of Sixty-one Years absolute, and the yearly Rent reserved or payable in respect whereof under such Grant, Lease, or other Instrument shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and in respect of which no Fine exceeding Twenty Pounds shall appear on the Face of such Grant,

by

327

tender the Kent and Costs, the Proceedings shall be stayed.

The Warrant for Execution in Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent shall state the Amount due for Rent, and Costs, and upon Payment thereof, with Fees, Execution shall be stayed.

Remedy for obtaining Arrears of Rent.

As to Ejectment on Title.

388

EjtUmtni*.

As to Ejectment on Acknowledgments.

As to Soraco of Bill in such Cases.

As to Ejectments against Tenants at Will or permissive Occupants.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, §*. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 Vict.

Lease, or other Instrument to have been paid on the granting or Execution of such Grant, Lease, or other Instrument, or held under a Parole Demise for a Term not exceeding Three Years at a Rent not exceeding Twenty Pounds, whether any Fine was paid upon the Creation of the same or not, or held for aaiy Term or Tenancy from Year to Year at a Rent not exceeding such Amount as aforesaid; and every Person claiming such Possession may proceed by Civil Bill in the Court for the Division of the County or Riding wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or any Part thereof shall be situate, for Recovery of such Possession.

LXXX. The said Chairman, and the several Assistant Barristers, and the said Recorders, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to hear and determine within their respective Jurisdictions all Disputes and Differences respecting the Possession of Lands, Tenements! or Hereditaments held under an Acknowledgment in or substantially according to the Form (11.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, between the Plaintiff in the Civil Bill Decree, to which such Acknowledgment shall refer, or on which the same shall be founded, or any Person claiming or deriving under him, and any Occupier who shall have signed as aforesaid such Acknowledgment, or any Person claiming or deriving under him.

LXXXI. Every Civil Bill Process brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in the Manner specified in either of the Two immediately preceding Provisions shall be duly served upon all and every Person or Persons who shall be in the actual Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments specified in and claimed by any such Civil Bill, and also such other Person or Persons (if any) as shall be interested in the same or in any Part thereof, under any registered Conveyance; and if there be not any Person in the actual Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then the affixing of such Civil Bill to or upon some conspicuous Part of the Premises so claimed, and upon the Door or (rate or One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Parish Church (if there shall be any in the Parish), and also upon the Door or Gate or upon One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of the Roman Catholic Chapel (if there shall be any in the Parish wherein the said Premises shall be situated), shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Service of such Civil Bill; and it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to make an Order or Decree for the delivering up of Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the Party entitled thereto.

LXXXII. And whereas Owners of Land in Ireland are often Sufferers by Caretakers, Servants, Herdsmen, and other Persons holding over the Posessions of Lands and Premises which they do not hold under any Lease or Pftrole Demise, but strictly at Will or by Sufferance, or merely by Permit- sion Be it enacted, That if any Person who shall have been

185L

Civil Pitts, §r. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57. 31

heretofore, or shall hereafter be, by the Owner of any Land, Ejectment*. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by his Agent, Receiver, or BiiHfF, put or let into occupation or possession thereof by Permisflion, or as Servant or Caretaker, or as Tenant strictly at Will or by Sufferance, shall refuse or omit to quit and deliver up Possession of the said Premises, on Demand made by the Owner thereof, or his known Agent or Bailiff, it shall and may be lawful for such Owner, his Heira, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (after such Demand and Refusal or Omission to deliver up the same,) to proceed by Civil Bill Ejectment Process for the Recovery of the Possession thereof against such Person or Persons so in occupation or possession, or any Person or Persons being or claiming to be in occupation or possession by, through, or under such Person or Persons; and it shall and may be lawful for the respective Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or Recorder to hear and determine such Civil Bill in the same or like Manner as he is hereby empowered in Cases of Ejectment against over-holding Tenants, and to make a Decree or Dismiss thereon: Provided always, that nothing in this Provision contained shall be deemed to affect or prejudice any Right or Remedy which any such Owner of Land, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, might have used or exercised in such Case for taking or obtaining the actual Possession of such Premises, if this Act had not been passed.

LXXXIII. That in every Ejectment by Civil Bill, the Civil What the Civil Bill in Cases between Landlord and* Tenant shall specify the Karnes of the Landlord or Lessor and Tenant or Tenants re- ^aii specify, spectively, the Nature of the Tenancy, the Description of the Premises, and the Baronies or Parishes wherein the same shall be respectively situated, and the Rent at which the same shall be then or had been lost holden; and also, in Cases where the Proceeding shall be grounded on Desertion, the Fact of Desertion by the Tenant, and the Amount of Rent due, after all fair and just Allowances, and the Insufficiency of Distress to countervail the same; and in Cases where the Proceedings shall be grounded on the Tenancy having determined, the Fact of the Determination of such Tenancy, and the Means by which ike same shall have been determined, and Refusal to deliver up Possession; and in Cases where the Proceedings shall be grounded oil Nonpayment of Rent, the Amount of the Rent due after all fmr and just Allowances, and up to what Gale Day due; and in Cases where the Proceedings shall be grounded on a Claim respecting the Possession of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments held under any Grant, Lease, or other Instrument, or by Parol Demise, or as Tenant from Year to Year, the Name and Residence of the Claimant, the Description of the Property sought to be recovered, and the Barony or Parish where situate, and how the said Lands and Tenements were held, whether for Lives or Years, or by Parol Demise, or from Year to Year; and in Cases where the Proceedings shall he grounded on the Tenancy having determined, and when such Tenancy was created

14 & 15 Vicn

Ejectment t.

Where Tenement in question shall be situate in Two Counties, Proceedings to be in either of them, &c.

Assistant Barrister to have Jurisdiction in any City or Town which is a County of itself.

In case Assistant Barrister sues for Lands situate in his own Jurisdiction, Proceed4 ings to be had in a Place without his Jurisdiction.

Assistant Barrister, being a Landlord in his own Jurisdiction, may proceed by Civil Bill before Assistant Barrister of any adjoining County.

Cap. 57.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.)

by Agreement after a Decree for Delivery of Possession obtained by an Ejectment, the Fact of the Determination of such Tenancy, and the Means by which the same shall have been determined, and the Refusal to deliver the Possession, and where the Occupation was permissive the Fact of its having been so, and of a Demand and Refusal of Possession, and the Truth of the Contents of the said Civil Bill, shall be verified by the Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor or Owner, his known Agent or Receiver, such Affidavit to remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which such Bill shall be filed.

LXXXIV. If any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments touching which any Proceeding by Civil Bill shall be had in pursuance of this Act shall be situate in Two or more Counties, such Proceeding shall be in any One of such Counties; and the Sheriffs of the respective Counties in which any Part of such Tenement or Premises shall be, and in which such Proceeding* shall not be had, shall, so Par as relates to the Portion of such Tenement or Premises within their respective Bailiwicks, execute such Decree as shall be made on such Civil Bi.l, upon Delivery to him or them of a Copy thereof, signed by the Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder who shall' have made such Decree: Provided always, that if any Tenement shall be situate in the whole or in part within the County of any City or Town which is a County of itself, except the County of the City of Dublin, the Assistant Barrister of the County at large having Jurisdiction for other Purposes within such County of a City or Town, and the Justices of the Peace for such County at huge, shall have the same Jurisdiction and exercise the same Powers with respect to such Tenement as if the same had been situate in the County at large, anything in this Act or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in all Cases where it may happen that the Assistant Barrister, or the said Chairman or Recorder, as the Case may be, shall he the Landlord, Lessor, or Owner, or shall claim to be entitled to the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in Two or more Counties, and where any Part of the same shall be situate within his respective Jurisdiction, and that he shall be desirous to institute Proceedings in respect of the said Tenements or Premises under or by virtue of this Act, such Proceedings shall be in the County or Place without the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or Recorder where the other Part of such Lands, Tenements, or Premises may still be situate.

LXXXV. And whereas it is reasonable, in Cases where it s may happen that the Chairman, or any Assistant Barrister, or the Recorder, is the Landlord or Lessor of or claims to be entitled to the Possession of any Lands or Tenement within ' his own Jurisdiction, that Provision should be made for extending to such Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder (the Benefits of this Act:' Be it therefore enacted, That in

every

1851, Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57#

every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder to proceed by way of Civil Bill respecting such Lands or Tenements before the Chairman or any Assistant Barrister of any of the Counties next adjoining to that wherein such Lands or Tenements shall be so situate, in the same Manner as any other Landlord or Claimant might proceed respecting any other Tenement before such Chairman or Assistant Barrister; and an Appeal shall lie from any Decree of such Chairman or Assistant Barrister upon such Civil Bill to the Judge at Nisi Prius, or the next going Judge of Assize, as the Case may be, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are applicable to other Civil Bill Decrees and Dismisses, as herein provided.

LXXXVI. Whenever it shall happen that the Defendant in any Ejectment, Proceeding brought for the Recovery of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under the Provisions of this Act shall not be resident on such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Delivery of any Notice or Process to such Defendant in Person, or, at the Dwelling House or Place of Residence of such Defendant, to his Wife, or to any Child or Servant of such Defendant, or to the Father, Mother, Brother, Sister, or other Relation of the said Defendant or of his Wife residing with the said Defendant, and being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards, shall in all Cases be deemed good and sufficient Service of any such Notice or Process, although such Defendant or Defendants shall not be resident, or his or their Dwelling House or Houses or Place of Residence shall not be situate, on the Lands or Tenements comprised in such Ejectment, or to which such Notice or Process shall relate, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that if a Defendant shall have gone out of Ireland, and shall have left his Wife and Family residing in the Dwelling House usually occupied by him while in Ireland, Service of the Process in Ejectment upon his Wife or any Member of his Family, being of the Age aforesaid, at suck Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken as good Service of the Process upon the Defendant, so as to enable the Landlord or Owner to obtain a Decree for the Possession of said "Lands.

LXXXVII. If any Lands or Tenements, or any Part of any Lands or Tenements, for which any Proceeding by Civil Bill Ejectment shall be had under the Authority of this Act, pliall be in any extra-parochial Place, and there shall be any Chapel or Place of Public Worship in such extra-parochial Place, all Processes and Copies of Certificates before required to be fixed on the Door or Gate or on the Pier of the Door or Gate of a Parish Church or Roman Catholic Chapel in Places not extra-parochial shall be fixed on the Door or Gate or on -One of the Piers of the Door or Gate of such Church, Chapel, or Place of Public Worship in such extra-parochial Place; and if there shall be more than One such Church, Cluipel, or Place of

m

Ejectment*,

Appeal.

Service of Ejectment off the Premises on the Wife, Child, or Servant of the Defendant at Dwelling House deemed good Service.

How Ejectment Process shall be fixed in extra-parochial Places.

Affidavits of Landlords admissible in Ejectments.

Assistant Barrister to sign Tiro Copies of Ejectment Decrees for Registry.

No greater Fee to be demanded for the Registry of a Decree than for Deed.

[Penalty.]

Clerk of Peace to keep Books in which Ejectments are to be entered.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, $c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICTL

of Worship, then such affixing upon any One, in manner aforesaid, shall be sufficient.

LXXXVIII. In all Proceedings under this Act by Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent the Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor, or his Agent or Receiver, for ascertaining the Amount of the Rent due, shall be admissible.

LXXXIX In all Cases of Ejectment by Civil Bill, as between Landlord and Tenant, except where the Proceedings shall be grounded on Nonpayment of Rent, the Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder shall, if required, sign Two Copies of every Decree which shall be made, and also a Memorial thereof, for the Purpose of Registry in manner herein-after mentioned, and that his affixing his Signature to One of the said Copies shall be witnessed by some Person present at the Time of such Signature; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Lessor, if he thinks proper, at any Time between the Termination of the Assizes for the County then next ensuing and the Commencement of the Assizes thereafter next following, to register One Copy of the said Decree in the Office for the Registry of Deeds and Wills in Ireland, by lodging a Memorial, and proving the Perfection of the same, in like Manner as is now provided by Law for the registering of Deeds; and that from and after the Registry of the said Decree it shall have the further Effect of a Conveyance to the said Landlord or Lessor of any Interest which the Tenant, or any Person claiming under him, may or might have in and to the said Lands and Premises, freed and discharged from all Leases, Contracts, Mortgages, Debts, Charges, or Incumbrances which the said Tenant, or any Person claiming under him, may have charged, made, or created thereon.

XC. If any Person in the said Office for the Registry of Deeds in Ireland shall demand or take any greater Fee, Gratuity, or Sum of Money, for or on occasion of the Registry of any of the said Decrees, than he is now by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Deed, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in an Action of Debt by any Person suing for the same.

XCI. The Clerk of the Peace of each County, and the respective Registrars of the County and County of the City of Dublin, shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose ail Decrees in Ejectment which shall be made at any Sessions of the Peace of such County or County of a City, and which Entry shall specify the Names of the Plaintiffs and Defendants, and the Tenements recovered, as the same shall be specified in the Civil Bills concerning the same, which Book every Person shall have Liberty to inspect and examine, paying to the Clerk of the Peace or Registrar for such Ins]>cction and Examination the Fee of One Shilling and Eightpence; and that the said Clerk of the Peace or Registrar, within Three Days next after the Close of each Session of the Peace, shall post on the Outside of the Door of the Court House where such Sessions were

held

Civil Bills, tfc. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

S3S

hdd a correct List of such Causes in which any Tenements __________

shall have been recovered at such Sessions under this Act, which List shall specify the Parties Names and the Description of the Tenements as set forth in the Civil Bill upon which the same shall have been recovered, upon pain of forfeiting for evenr such Omission the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person suing for the same: Provided always, that the Omission to make such Entry or posting shall not invalidate or in any way affect any Decree, or the Recovery of the Possession of any Lands or Premises.

XCII. It shall and may be lawful for the Chairman, As- A«Uunt ttstant Barrister, or Recorder, and they are hereby respectively

auired, in Cases of Civil Bill Ejectment, on the Request of Ejectments.

ler Party or his Attorney, to tax the Costs between Party and Party, and to include the same in the Decree or Dismiss, as the Case may be, and further, on the like Request, to tax Costs between Attorney and Client upon any Proceedings that shall have been taken or may hereafter be taken for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands or Tenements under the Provisions of this Act, and no Clerk of the Peace shall have any Power to tax the same, and no Fee shall be payable for such Taxation; and No Attorney no Attorney shall be entitled to recover any Sum against any ^ver untU such Client for or by reason of any Proceedings in Ejectment under Costs are taxed, this Act, or any Preparation for such Proceedings, unless the same shall have been previously taxed in manner herein provided; and it shall and may be lawful for the Chairman, Assis- Assistant tant Barrister, or Recorder, and they are hereby respectively required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby t^ne^on Oath respectively authorized to administer) the Attorney seeking to as to Costs. charge such Client, as to all Matters and Things which it may appear to the said Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder necessary to ascertain for the due Taxation of the said Costs:

Provided always, that no Sum shall be allowed to the Plaintiff's Attorney for any Searches for Incumbrances affecting the Lands and Tenements, unless he shall have received Directions in Writing from the Plaintiff or his Land Agent authorizing him to make the same.

XCIII. The Forms in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed Forms to be (marked 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, nod 17), or any other Forms to the nke Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Ejectment Schedule mentioned, as and for the Process in such Cases; and under this Act. the Forms in the said Schedule (marked 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, and 23), or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Schedule mentioned, as and for the Decrees in Ejectment; and the Form (marked 24) in the said Schedule, or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used by the Magistrates in the said Act mentioned, as and for a Certificate for Desertion; and the Form (marked 25) in the said Schedule, or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used for the Affidavit ascertaining the Rent due, to enable the Magistrates to grant such Certificate.

Ejectments *

Assistant Barrister may order Costs to be paid by One Defendant in Ejectment only.

Sheriff to execute all Decrees for Possession within One Fortnight.

Fee for the same.

Sheriff may grant Warrant to Special Bailiff for Execution of Decree.

Fee for such Warrant.

Title to Lands, &c. not to be drawn into question.

Regulation of ike Cowrie.

As to Courts of Record.

Time for sitting at Sessions.

Cap. 57\ Civil 'Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 YtCt

XCIV. It shall and may be lawful for the Chairman, Assistant Barrister, or Recorder, upon the Hearing of any Ejectment, where there shall be more than One Defendant, upon his pronouncing a Decree, to order and direct that the Costs of such Ejectment Proceedings shall be paid by and recovered from One or more of such Defendants by Name, and not from the other or others of them.

XCV. It shall be lawful for every Sheriff or Under Sheriff, and he is hereby required, in every Case in which no Special Bailiff shall have been appointed at the Nomination of the Plaintiff, as herein-after provided, to execute all Decrees for delivering the Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within One Fortnight after the same shall be so delivered to him; and every such Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall be entitled to and be paid a Sum of One Pound One Shilling, and no more, in every Case where he shall so execute the same: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, and he is hereby required, if called on by the Plaintiff so to do, to grant his Warrant to a Special Bailiff, at the Plaintiff's Nomination, in like Manner as for the Execution of any other Civil Bill Decree; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Special Bailiff to whom such Warrant shall be granted, together with his Assistants, to execute the same by delivering the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein named to the Plaintiff to whom the same shall have been decreed, or to any Person appointed by the said Plaintiff to receive the Possession on his Behalf; and in every Case where the said Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall grant his Warrant to a Special Bailiff for executing any such Decree for delivering Possession as aforesaid he shall be entitled to and be paid the Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more.

XCVI. The Title to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (except in the Cases herein-before mentioned) shall not be drawn into question in any Proceeding by Civil Bill under this Act; and every Defendant in every Civil Bill shall be entitled, on the Hearing of such Civil Bill, to every Defence which he may have at Law or in Equity.

XCVII. The Courts held by the said Chairman, Recorder of Dublin, or Assistant Barristers, and every of them for hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill as aforesaid, shall be respectively Courts of Record.

XCVIII. The Court for the Hearing of Civil Bills, and of Quarter Sessions, shall, after the First Day of every Sessions, commence its Sittings, in the Months of December and January, not earlier than Nine, nor later than Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and in other Months not later than Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, save when prevented by the Illness or unavoidable Absence of the Assistant Barrister, or other Fatality, and shall at once proceed with the Criminal or Civil Business, after the Assistant Barrister shall be in attendance; but no Decree or Proceeding shall be in any Manner impeached or questioned

Cap. 57.

Regulation of the Cowrie,

in consequence of any Trial or Civil Bill having been commenced or heard at any Time before or after any of those Hours; and that no Tri^l or Case, criminal or civil, or other Business, shall be entered upon after the Hour of Six of the Clock of the Afternoon of any Day, nor shall any Civil Bill be called on after that Hour, except at the Request of both Parties.

XCIX. All Civil Bills, save Ejectments and Replevins, shall be

be heard and determined at every Sessions in alphabetical Order Sessionsina£ according to the Surnames of the Plaintiffs, and be entered phabetical Or-accordingly in the Book of the Clerk of the Peace, save and ^er> except As-except in any Case or Cases where the Assistant Barrister shall tere^vLy^the" see Reason to vary the same: Provided always, that nothing same, herein contained shall prevent any Assistant Barrister from May be heard hearing and determining such Civil Bills in such Baronial or in Baronial or other Divisions as to him shall seem meet; provided that within other Divisions* such Divisions they shall be heard and determined in alphabetical Order as aforesaid, and provided that such Assistant Barrister shall give Three Months Notice of his Intention to hear and determine such Civil Bills in such Baronial or other Divisions.

C. That in all Actions other than in Ejectment and Replevin Jury may when the Amount claimed shall exceed the Sum of Twenty XriaTofdl Ac-Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Defendant to tions except in require a Jury to be summoned to try the said Action, and Ejectment and such Jury shall be summoned in the Manner herein-after men- RePleyin-tioned; provided always, that the Party requiring a Jury to be summoned shall. Eight Days previous to the First Day of the Sessions at which said Jury may be so required, give to the Sheriff* or leave at his Office a Notice in Writing setting forth that a Jury was demanded by such Party for the Trial of such Action; and such Notice shall contain the Names of the Parties to the said Action, and the Sessions to which said Process is returnable; and the said Jurors so to be summoned by the Sheriff shall be taken from the List of Persons now or at any Time hereafter liable to serve as Jurors at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the respective Counties; and the Sheriff shall cause so many of the J urors of the said Court as in his Opinion he shall deem sufficient (but not less than Twelve) to be summoned to attend the said Court at a Time and Place to be mentioned in the said Summons, and the Persons so summoned shall attend at the Court at the Time mentioned in the Summons, and in default of Attendance shall forfeit such Sum of Money as the Assistant Barrister shall direct, not being more than Five Pounds for each Default, same to be recovered as Fines imposed on defaulting Jurors are now recoverable; and the Delivery of such Summons to the Person whose Attendance is required on such Jury, or Delivery thereof to the Wife or Servant or any Inmate at his usual Place of Abode, not less than Three Days before the Day -mentioned in said Summons for his Attendance, shall be deemed good Service: Provided also, that no Person shall be summoned or compelled to serve on such Jury more than twice within One Year, or who shall have been summoned and shall

23$ Cap. 57. Civil BiUt, tfc. (Ireland.') 14 & 15 VICT«

Regulation of tike Court*,

Power to issue Summonses to Witnesses.

Fine for Non-attendance.

shall have attended any Jury at the Assizes, or any Court of Nisi Prius, or at the Quarter Sessions, within Six Calendar Months next before the Delivery of such Summons: Provided also, it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff to summon any Person to act on such Jury for the Trial of such Actions as aforesaid who may be summoned to serve on Juries for the Trial of Criminal Cases at the same Sessions: Provided also, that whenever there are any Jury Trials Six Jurymen shall be empannelled and sworn as Occasion shall require to give their Verdicts in the Causes which shall be brought before them in the said Court, and being once sworn, shall not need to be re-sworn at each Trial; and either of the Parties to any such Cause shall be entitled to his lawful Challenge against all or any of the said Jurors, in the like Manner as he would be entitled in any of the Superior Courts; and the Jurymen so sworn shall be unanimous in their Verdict: Provided also, that all Civil Bill Cases which shall be tried by any such Jury shall be tried and heard on such Day of the Sessions to which such Civil Bill Process shall be returnable, as to the ALSsistant Barrister shall seem fit: Provided always, that in case any Assistant Barrister upon any Hearing, or any Judge of Assize upon any Appeal, shall think it proper to have any Fact or Facts controverted in any Cause at Hearing before him tried by a Jury, in such Case a Jury, consisting of not less than Three nor more than Twelve Persons, shall be returned instantly by the proper Officer to try such Fact or Facts as shall seem doubtful to such Assistant Barrister or Judge, and the Assistant Barrister or Judge shall proceed to make his Decree or Dismiss on the Verdict of such Jury, or as he shall deem fit.

CL For the Purpose of procuring the Attendance of Witnesses in the Civil Bill Courts it shall and may be lawful for the respective Clerks of the Peace of or acting for the several Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, upon the Bequest of any Person, a Party to any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether Ejectment or other, to issue a Summons in the Nature of a Subpoena ad testificandum or Duces tecum, directed to any Person in Ireland, requiring him personally to appear and give Evidence before the Aissistant Barrister, or before the Judge on Appeal, by whom the Matter in dispute is to be heard and determined; and in case any Person so served with any such Summons without sufficient Cause shall not attend pursuant thereto, and produce any Deeds, Documents, Papers, or Writings required by such Summons to be produced, it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, or Judge on Appeal, upon Proof that proper Service thereof had been duly made in sufficient Time before the Day for Appearance named therein, of the Sufficiency whereof the Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal is to determine, and that the reasonable and suitable Expenses of such Person had been paid or tendered to him at the Time of such Service, to award such Fine against any such Person who shall not attend, not exceeding Ten Pounds,

as

Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

387

Regulation of the Courts.

u the said Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal shall deem fit and proper, he the said Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal causing to be filed of Record in his Court an Affidavit of the Timet Place, and Manner of the Service of such Summons, and of the Payment or Tender of such Expenses, to be made by the Person proving the same, which said Fine shall be paid or payable to the Party or Parties at whose Instance and Bequest the said Summons shall have been issued: Provided always, that it Expenses of shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister or Judge on ^mo!^ Appeal to tax and award against the unsuccessful Party in any from another Proceeding by Civil Bill such Sum or Sums of Money as and for County to be the Expenses of Witnesses residing out of the District or Division *?xed against in which such Civil Bill shall be heard, not exceeding Five ftii^arty!*" Pounds in the Case of any One Witness, and not exceeding Two Pounds in the Case of any One Witness residing within the Jurisdiction of the Assistant Barrister; or if the Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal shall think fit, it shall be lawful for him to award a certain limited Sum to be paid for or in lieu of all the Costs of all Witnesses, but not in any Case exceeding the Bate aforesaid; and the Costs so awarded, when payable by a Defendant, shall be recoverable in like Manner as and with and in addition to the Sum ordered to be paid by him in the Decree or Order of the ALSsistant Barrister or Judge of Assize on Appeal, and when payable by a Plaintiff shall be recoverable in like Manner as herein provided as to the Costs of a Dismiss:

Provided also, that upon the Hearing of any Ejectment or Handwriting other Civil Bill it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister ofbPar|£ or or Judge on Appeal, in his Discretion, to receive in Evidence witneamay Proof of the Handwriting of any Party or of any subscribing be proved Witness to any Instrument whatsoever, upon satisfactory Proof being given before him that such Party or Witness resides out Ju ction' of the County where such Civil Bill shall be so heard.

CIL The Parties, Plaintiff and Defendant, shall in all Eject- Parties may ment and other Cases be mutually at liberty to appeal each to (j^hof^ch the Oath of the other, provided that a Notice in Writing be other, served on the Party so intended to be examined at least Three Days previous to the Commencement of the Sessions; but the Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal may dispense with the Examination of any Party in any Case in which he may think it expedient so to do; and if he shall deem it to be a Case in which he ought not to dispense with the Oath of such Party, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister or Judge on Appeal, in case of the Non-attendance of any Plaintiff, either to dismiss the Process without Prejudice, or to nil the same, or in case of the Non-attendance of any Defendant, and the Plaintiff thereby failing to prove his Case, to impose on such Defendant a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill: Provided always, that in case a Defendant shall by such Notice require the Attendance at the Hearing of the Civil Bill of any Plaintiff therein who shall reside out of the Jurisdiction wherein such Civil Bill is to be heard, he shall at the Time of the Service

336

XegukMo* of the Courts,

Civil Bill for Fines for Non* attendance.

Decree pro confesso.

of Such Notice pay or tender to such Plaintiff his reasonable Expenses (the Reasonableness thereof to be determined by the Assistant Barrister or Judge upon Appeal); and in the event of the Defendant's omitting so to do such Plaintiff so residing out of the Jurisdiction shall be excused from Attendance in compliance with such Notice, and the Cause shall proceed and be determined as if no such Notice had been served; but in the event of such Expenses having been paid or tendered, and of the Non-attendance of the Plaintiff, or of has Attendance and of the Plaintiff's Case being dismissed, the Sum paid to the Plaintiff shall be added to the ordinary Costs of such Dismiss: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to examine on Oath any Party who shall be in Court, although no Notice may have been served upon such Party.

CIII. It shall and may be lawful for any Party at whose Instance any Summons or Notice shall have issued, requiring the Attendance of any Person as a Witness, or of the opposite Party to be examined, when the Person so summoned as a Witness, or the Party noticed to attend, shall not have aU tended in pursuance of said Summons or Notice, as the Case may be, and shall have been fined for such Non-attendance, to proceed by Civil Bill against such Person or Party for Recovery of the Amount of the Fine so awarded, together with such Expenses as may have been paid to such Witness in the Civil Bill Court of the Division of the County or Riding in which such Person or Party shall reside; and the Certificate, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which such Fine had been imposed, or by his Deputy, upon Proof of the Handwriting of such Clerk of the Peace or Deputy, shall be conclusive Evidence that the Person so fined for Non-attendance had been duly called in Court, and did not attend, and had been fined for Non-attendance in the Amount stated in such Certificate: Provided always, that on the Hearing of such Civil Bill it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to receive Evidence on the Part of the Defendant in such Civil Bill to satisfy him the said Assistant Barrister that the said Defendant had not been served with the Summons or Notice, or had not been served in sufficient Time to enable him to have attended, or that there was a reasonable and just Excuse for the Non-attendance of the said Defendant; and the Assistant Barrister shall be at liberty to pronounce a Decree, either for the full Amount of such Fine or for any smaller Sum, or a Dismiss, and with or without Costs, as he may under the Circumstances think fit

CIV. In case any Plaintiff* in any Civil Bill shall be desirous to appeal to the Oath of the Defendant in such Civil Bill, it shall be lawful for such Plaintiff to cause a Notice in Writing annexed to the Civil Bill Process to be served upon such Defendant at the Time of the Service of the Civil Bill, or upon his Wife, Child, Clerk or Servant, or Relative of the Defendant or of the Defendant's Wife, aged Sixteen Years and upwards, residing in his Dwelling House, setting forth that the Plaintiff

m

1ML

Chril Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 339

is sock Civil Bill requires the personal Attendance of the said Rfmktim Defendant upon the Hearing of such Civil Bill, to be examined of the-&mri9-ofiOkth touching the Matters therein contained, and that in default of his Appearance for that Purpose an Application would be made to the Assistant Barrister for a Decree founded upon the Affidavit of the Plaintiff; and in such Case, if the Defendant shall not appear upon the said Civil Bill being called on for Hearing, the Assistant Barrister shall postpone the same, so as to enable the Plaintiff to make an Affidavit setting forth the Facts of the Case, and such Circumstances, if any, as in his Judgment would justify the Court in making a Decree, and also the Amount then justly due to him by the Defendant in auch Civil Bill, over and above all just and fair Credits and Allowances; and such Affidavit shall be filed and kept with the Records of the County or Riding where the same shall have been sworn, and the Party so swearing such Affidavit shall be liable to be prosecuted for Perjury in case any false Statement shall be contained in the same; and it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon due Proof of the Service of the said Process, and such Notice annexed thereto as aforesaid, and upon being satisfied that the said Defendant was resident at the Time of the Service other than personal at such Dwelling House where such Service was made, and was not at tbie Time of the Hearing of the said Civil Bill disabled by Sickness or other sufficient Cause from attending thereat, and upon Consideration of the Matter of such Affidavit, and upon Examination on Oath of the Plaintiff, in case he shall think fit to examine him, and if he shall be satisfied of the Justice of the Claim of the Plaintiff, to make a Decree for such Sum as to him shall seem just, or to decline making any Decree: Provided also, that in case any Decree shall be made it shall appear on every such Decree so made as last aforesaid that the same was made upon the Affidavit of the Plaintiff filed in the said Court, specifying the Date thereof.

CV. No Action or Proceeding under oi* by virtue of this Act shall be treated or considered as invalid on account of any verbal njcal ^EironT *" or technical Error in the same; and it shall be lawful for every Assistant Barrister, or Judge on Appeal, to decide and determine what is a verbal or technical Error or Mistake in any Action or Proceeding, but all Errors or Mistakes which have not a Tendency to mislead the opposite Party shall in all Cases be deemed merely verbal or technical.

CVI. It shall and may be lawful for the several Assistant Variances. Barristers, and Judges on Appeal, and they are hereby respec- Assistant^ lively empowered, in all Cases, to amend all Variances between Barristers the Statement of the Cause of Action in any Civil Bill or other may amend Process or Proceeding in their respective Civil Bill Courts, and the Evidence in support of such Cause of Action, and also to Misjoinders, amend all Variances, Omissions, and Misdescriptions in the Descriptions, Additions, and Residence of the Parties or any of them, or otherwise howsoever of or in any such Process, or be-

Y 2 by

340

Variance*,

Evidence.

Official Copy of Judgment to be Evidence.

Office Copies of Wills to be Evidence of the Contents thereof in Civil Bill Courts.

Assistant Barrister may grant Time or adjourn the Hearing of a Cause.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

tween the Original and any Copy or Copies thereof, provided such last-mentioned Variances, Omissions, or Misdescription* shall not, in the Opinion of the Assistant Barrister, be calculated to mislead the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in every Case of any Misjoinder of Parties or Causes of Action it shall and may be lawful for every Assistant Barrister to strike out of the Process the Name or Names of any One or more Plaintiffs or Defendants, or any Count or Counts in such Process, by reason of whom or which such Misjoinder shall arise, and thereupon to proceed therein as to Justice shall appertain.

CVII. In every Proceeding before the Court of the Assistant Barrister or of the Judge of Assize upon Appeal an Office Copy of any Judgment, Decree, or Order made by or before any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, certified to be a true Copy by the proper Officer of such Court of Law or Equity, as the Case may be, shall, upon Proof of such Officer's Handwriting, be deemed and taken as prima facie Evidence of such Judgment, Decree, or Order of such Courts respectively: Provided always, that in every Civil Bill Proceeding under this Act, where it may become necessary to prove the Appointment of any Person to be a Receiver in any Cause in any of the Superior Courts of Equity in Dublin, an Office Copy of the Order appointing such Person such Receiver, duly proved as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Appointment of such Person as such Receiver; and it shall not be necessary to produce in proof of such Appointment the Bill and Answer or any other Proceeding in the Cause in which said Person shall have been so appointed such Receiver.

CVIII. In every Proceeding before any Assistant Barrister in any Civil Bill Court, or before a Judge of Assize on Appeal, an Office Copy of any original Will or other testamentary Document lodged in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, or in the Registry thereof, and which shall appear by such Copy to have been duly proved, and Probate or Letters of Administration thereof granted, shall, upon due Proof of the Signature of the proper Officer of such Ecclesiastical Court, certifying the same to be a true Copy of such original Will or other testamentary Document, be admitted as prima facie Evidence of the Contents of such original Will or testamentary Document of which it purports to be an Office Copy, without the Production of the original Will or testamentary Document; and the proper Officer of any such Ecclesiastical Court is hereby required to make a Memorandum in Writing upon such Office Copy of the Time at which and the Person or Persons to whom such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted.

CIX. The Assistant Barrister may in any Case make Orders for granting Time to the Plaintiff or Defendant to proceed in the Prosecution or Defence of any Civil Bill, and also may from Time to Time, and to the next subsequent Sessions for the same Division, but not longer, adjourn the Hearing or the further

Hearing

341

1851. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Hearing of any Civil Bill, as to the said Assistant Barrister may seem fit.

CX Every Decree and Dismiss made and signed by an Assistant Barrister, and not otherwise provided for, shall respectively be according to the Forms (26, 27.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Caee will permit; and every such Decree may direct Execution against the Body or Goods of the Defendant, save when by Law it is otherwise provided.

CXI. Wheresoever any Assistant Barrister shall, in any Civil Bill brought under and by virtue of this Act, grant a Decree, the same shall be with such Costs as are provided by this Act; but in case the Plaintiff in any Civil Bill shall not proceed with the same, or shall fail to establish his Case to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister, such Assistant Barrister shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered to dismiss such Civil Bill, with such Costs as are by this Act provided (save as hereinafter mentioned), and either without Prejudice to the Plaintiffs proceeding by a new Civil Bill, or on the Merits, as he shall think just.

CXII. The Assistant Barrister, upon pronouncing any Decree for any Sum of Money, may order the Time or Times when and by what Instalments the Debt or Damages and Costs for which such Decree shall be obtained shall be paid, and such Decree shall be in the Form (28.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; provided, that if the Assistant Barrister shall have made such Order for the Payment of such Sum of Money and Costs by Instalments the said Decree shall not issue against the Defendant until after Default in Payment of some Instalment according to such Order, and immediately upon such Default being made, and Affidavit thereof lodged with the Clerk of the Peace (and which Affidavit any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to take), the said Decree may issue for the whole, or for such Balance as may then remain due after deducting such Instalment or Instalments as were previously paid.

CXIII. It shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon the Hearing of any Civil Bill where there shall be more than One Defendant, to grant a Decree, with Costs, against One or more of such Defendants, and to grant a Dismiss as to the other or others of the Defendants, either with or without Costs, as he shall think fit.

CX1Y. In case of the Death, Removal, or Incapacity of any Assistant Barrister, it shall and may be lawful for his Successor, or the Barrister for the Time being acting for him, to sign any Order or Decree pronounced by the Barrister so dying or removed, or becoming incapable as aforesaid, and to act in all respects in reference to the Orders made as the Barrister so dying or removed, or being incapable as aforesaid, might have done; and the Order and Decree so signed shall be as valid


Decree*.

Decrees and Dismisses to be in Form in Schedule. Execution against the Body or Goods.

Provision as to Costs.

Decrees may be ordered to be paid by Instalments.

Dismiss may be given in favour of one Defendant and Decree against another.

Decrees of Assistant Barrister may be signed by his Successor.

342

All previous Decrees, Orders, &c. to remain in full Force.

Proetu of Arrttt.

When Defendant is exempted from Arrest by virtue of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 28. the Plaintiff may serve a Civil Bill Process, requiring the Defendant to show Cause why Process of Arrest, &c. should pot issue.

Form of Civil Bill Process.

If Assistant Barrister shall find that Defendant has Property fit to be administered under the In* solvent Act, he may direct Process of Arrest to issue, or if Debt contracted fraudulently may commit him.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, £c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

and effectual as if the same had been signed by the Assistant Barrister who pronounced the same.

CXV. All Decrees and other Proceedings, of every Nature and Kind soever, obtained in any Civil Bill Court in Ireland, and in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall, notwithstanding this Act, remain and be in full Force as long as the same would have been in force and effect if this Act had not been passed, and may be renewed and enforced under this Act.

CXVI. In all Cases in which any Decree or Order for any Sum in respect of which the Power of Arrest without special Order is taken away under the Provisions of an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and the Plaintiff having obtained such Decree or Order shall not have recovered his Demand out of the Goods and Chattels of such Defendant, it shall be lawful for such Plaintiff to cause a Civil Bill Process to be issued against the Defendant in such Decree or Order, thereby requiring him personally to appear before the Assistant Barrister for the County or Riding at the General or Quarter Sessions for the Division or Place in which such Defendant shall reside, and to show Cause why a Decree should not issue against his Person in respect of such Decree or Order; and such Civil Bill Process shall be according to the Form (29.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Case will admit; and the respective Assistant Barristers within their respective Jurisdictions shall have Power to hear and determine any such Civil Bill; and the Service, and the several Proceedings of, in, or relating to such Civil Bill, and the Costs of or relating to the same, shall be subject to the like Provisions and Regulations, so far as the same are applicable, as any Civil Bill in other Cases, save as herein otherwise provided.

CXVII. At the Hearing of such Civil Bill it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to investigate the Amount of the Debts or Demands due or owing by or claimable against the the Defendant, and the Nature and Amount and Circumstances of any Property, of whatsoever kind, he, or any one in trust for him, is, was, or may be possessed of or entitled to, and the Manner and Circumstances under which* the Debt due to the Plaintiff or other Liability was incurred, and the Means and Expectation of Payment thereof; and if it shall appear that the Defendant, or any one in trust for him, is possessed of or entitled to Property of any kind, which, regard being had to the Nature, Amount, and Circumstances of such Property* and to the several Debts and Demands due by and claimable against the Defendant and to the Security of his several Creditors, ought, in the Opinion of the Assistant Barrister, to be administered under the Provisions of the Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, or that the Defendant is of sufficient

Ability

1851. Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57#

Ability to discharge the Plaintiff's Debt or Demand, or that he is in receipt of any Income, Pension, Wages, or Salary, or Monies, which, in the Opinion of the Assistant Barrister, would enable the said Defendant to pay the Demands of the Plaintiff, by Instalments or otherwise, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister to issue a Decree, in like Manner as in other Cases of Civil Bill, to take in Execution the Body of the Defendant to satisfy the Plaintiff's Demands and Costs, or to issue such Decree, with Stay of Execution for a Period thereby limited, which Decree may be according to the Form (30.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as the Circumstances of the Case may require; and under any such Decree the said Defendant may be arrested and detained iji Custody accordingly, as in other Cases of Execution against the Body under a Civil Bill Decree; but if at such Hearing it shall appear to such Assistant Barrister that there is not Property of the Defendant which ought, in the Opinion of such Barrister, to be administered under the said Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors, or that the Defendant is not of sufficient Ability to discharge the Plaintiff's Debt or Demand, in any such Manner as aforesaid, or otherwise, but that such Defendant in incurring the Debt due to the Plaintiff or other Liability has obtained Credit from the Plaintiff under false Pretences, or by means of Fraud or Breach of Trust, or has wilfully contracted such Debt or Liability without having had at the same Time a reasonable Expectation of being able to pay or discharge the same, or shall have made or caused to be made any Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of any Property, Income, Pension, Salary, or Wages, or shall have charged, removed, pledged, incumbered, or concealed the same, with Intent to defraud his Creditors or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, if he shall think fit, by a Decree according to the Form (30.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as the Circumstances of the Case may require, to order that any such Defendant may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, District, or Place in which the Defendant is resident, for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Demand of the Plaintiff be sooner paid, without Prejudice to any Remedies for the Recovery of the Plaintiff's Demand out of the Property or Effects of the Defendant: Provided also, that there shall be no Appeal from any such Decision of the Assistant Barrister, and such Assistant Barrister may dismiss such Civil Bill, either with or without Costs, as he may think fit; and in case of a Dismiss with Costs, the Costs thereof shall be paid by the Plaintiff, or set off against his Demand, as the Assistant Barrister shall direct: Provided also* that if the Defendant in such Civil Bill shall not personally appear as thereby required at such Hearing, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister to proceed to the Hearing of such Case in his Absence, and to make such Decree or Order as

Y 4 might

343

Proceu ef ArretL

In default of Defendant's Appearance, Decree maybe made.

344

Procut of Arrest.

Power to examine or commit at the original Hearing of a Civil Bill in certain Cases.

Jurisdiction of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors on Circuit transferred to the Assistant Barristers.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, (Ireland.) 14 & 15 Vict;

might be made on his Appearance, or as the Assistant Barrister shall think fit.

CXVIII. In any Action brought in any Civil Bill Court ia any Case where the Power of Arrest without special Order is taken away under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, the Assistant Barrister, at the original Hearing of the Cause, shall have the same Power and Authority of granting a Decree against the Person of the Defendant, or of committing him to Prison, as he might have and exercise under the said last preceding Provision in case the Plaintiff had (after a Decree obtained) proceeded specially by a Civil Bill for such Purpose, as in the said last preceding Provision mentioned, anything herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that in any Case in which a Plaintiff shall seek for a Decree against the Person of a Defendant, or for an Order for his Committal at the original Hearing of a Cause, when the Sum demanded shall not exceed Ten Pounds, he shall cause a Notice to be annexed to or indorsed upon the Civil Bill of such his Intention to seek for such Decree or Order: Provided also, that the Committal of a Defendant under an Order, and under any of the Circumstances in the last preceding Provision mentioned, shall not operate as an Extinguishment or Satisfaction of the Plaintiff's Debt or Demand.

CXIX. From and after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, the Circuits of the Commissioners of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland shall be abolished; and that if thereafter any Insolvent Debtor in Custody in any of Her Majesty's Gaols in Ireland situated elsewhere than within the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin, or any detaining Creditor of such Insolvent Debtor so in Custody as aforesaid, shall petition such Court under any Act or Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, or if any such Prisoner or detaining Creditor shall have so petitioned prior to the before-mentioned First Day of January, and such Petition shall not have been heard, or if the same shall have been heard, and the Consideration thereof shall have been adjourned, such Court or a Commissioner thereof shall, after the Schedule of such Prisoner shall have been dul^r filed, in the Case of any new Petition, and at any Time which to such Court or Commissioner shall seem fit in the Case of any such Petition which shall not have come on for Hearing, or the Hearing of which shall have been adjourned, make an Order referring such Petition for Hearing to the Assistant Barrister within whose Jurisdiction such Insolvent Debtor is in Custody, and shall transmit such Petition and Schedule to the Clerk of the Peace of the respective County for Hearing accordingly, and shall appoint a Time and Place at any Court of Quarter Sessions held within the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister for such Prisoner to be brought up before such Assistant Barrister, and shall cause the usual Notices to be given;

im *

Civil Bills, tfc. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

845

snd any Assistant Barrister to whom any such Petition shall be Assistant B*r-80 referred shall have and possess the same Power and Authority with respect to every such Petition, and shall make all such ^Insolvents b Orders, give all such Directions, and do all such Matters and referred to Things requisite for the discharging or remanding of such Prisoner, and otherwise respecting such Prisoner, his Schedule, insolvent Creditors, and Assignees, as the said Court for the Relief of Court, or a Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, might make, give, or do in the Matters of Petitions heard before such Court or oTreiMndfng* Commissioner under such Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors, Insolvent, &c. and if he shall deem fit shall be at liberty to adjourn the Hearing from One Session to another, and to extend the Order for the Protection of the said Insolvent from Arrest during such Adjournment; and that every such Petition and Schedule, and all Judgments, Rules, Orders, Directions, and Proceedings pronounced, made, and done thereon in all and every the Matters aforesaid by such Assistant Barrister, shall be forthwith, as soon as conveniently may be after such Hearing or Adjournment thereof, as the Case may be, returned by the Clerk of the Pfeace to the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, a^ned by such Assistant Barrister and Clerk of the Peace respectively, to be a Record of the said Court for the Relief Order for of Insolvent Debtors, and to be kept as such among the bri"g, DS Records thereof; and the said Clerk of the Peace is hereby th^AwisUnt required to return the same accordingly; and the said Court for Barrister, the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, shall have Power to issue his Warrant or Order, directed to the Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler of any Gaol wherein the Insolvent Debtor shall be in Custody, directing him to bring the Insolvent before such Assistant Barrister on the Day appointed for the Hearing of such Petition, or at any adjourned Sitting held in lie Matter of such Petition; and every such Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler shall obey such Warrant; and the Expense of con- The Expense veying such Prisoner to any such Quarter Sessions Town where of hi* Rfmoval the Gaol in which such Prisoner shall be confined shall not be ^Esute^f situate in such Quarter Sessions Town, or of conveying such insolvent, or Prisoner (when necessary) from such Quarter Sessions Town (on Failure of to the said Gaol, not exceeding Threepence per Mile, shall be ^Gnmd paid to the Keeper, Gaoler, or other Officer who shall bring jury Present-Bach Prisoner to or from any such Quarter Sessions Town in ment. obedience to any Rule or Order of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, out of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, if the same shall be sufficient to pay such Expense, and if not, then such Expense shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town in the Gaol of which such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, as the 6ame shall be directed or ordered by such Assistant Barrister before whom such Prisoner shall be brought, and the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town is hereby empowered and required to present the Amount thereof at the Assizes next ensuing the Day mentionetjg

Cap. 57. CivilBUlsxfyc. (Ireland 14 & 15 Vior.

Insolvent Court to hare Jurisdiction before and pending an Adjournment.

turned in such Rule or Order, to be levied off auchr County, County of a City, or County of a Town: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to deprive the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, of the Power of discharging such Prisoner upon Recognizance of Sureties for the due Appearance of such Prisoner at the Time and Place appointed, or which shall therfri after be appointed, for the Hearing of such Prisoner before such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid, or of the Powpr of doing, prior to such Hearing before such Assistant Barrister, or pending the Adjournment of such Hearing, any Matter or Thing relative to such Prisoner, his Petition and Schedule, Estate and Effects, Creditors or Assignees, which can now be lawfully done by the said Court or a Commissioner thereof prior to or pending the Hearing of any such Prisoner before a Commissioner of said Court upon his Circuit: Provided also, that after the Discharge or Remand of such Prisoner by such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Banister shall cease,

Exception as to Prisoners of unsound Mind. Recognizances of Sureties entered into for enforcing At. tendance of Insolvents to bind Persons to appear before Assistant Barrister.

Indemnity to Sheriffs, Gaolers, &c. for anything done under the Act.

save as to any Rehearing of such Petition pursuant to any Order that may be made by the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof; and all things necessary to be thereafter done in the Matter of the Petition and Schedule of such Prisoner, his Estate and Effects, Creditors or Assignees, shall be done by the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, as if this Act had not been passed: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Case of any Prisoner of unsound Mind.

CXX. And whereas divers Persons as Sureties have entered ' into Recognizances to the Provisional Assignee of the Court

for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Irelandf with Conditions ' that the Insolvents therein named should duly appear as

therein mentioned, and it may be necessary that some of such ' Insolvents should appear before Assistant Barristers under ' this Act Be it therefore enacted, That every such Recognizance shall extend to bind the Persons who may have entered into the same, in case the Insolvent Debtor therein mentioned shall not at the, Time and Place appointed by any Order made pursuant to this Act duly appear before the Assistant Barrister to whom the Matter of the Petition of such Insolvent shall be referred, and on every adjourned Hearing thereof, or shall not abide by the final Judgment of such Assistant Barrister.

CXXI. Every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, or other Officer of any Prison who shall do anything in obedience to any Order $f the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or a Commissioner thereof, or of any Assistant Barrister, or of any Officer of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or of such Assistant Barrister, by virtue of the Provisions of this Act as to Insolvent Debtors, shall be and is hereby indemnified for whatsoever shall be done by them respectively in obedience thereto; and that if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any such Commissioner or Assistant Barrister,

Sheriff

347

1851. Civil Bills, tfc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Sheriff Gaoler, Keeper of any Prison, or any Person, for performing the Duty of his Office in pursuance of the said Provisions of this Act, such Commissioner, Assistant Barrister, Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper of Prison, and other Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or a Verdict shall pass against him, or Judgment shall be had for the Defendant upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs.

CXXII. And whereas by reason of the Provisions in this t Act contained relating to the Discharge of Insolvent Debtors One Commissioner of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland will be sufficient for the Discharge of all the 4, Duties relating to the Office of the Commissioners of the said Court Be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the senior of the present Commissioners of the said Court at any Time after the passing of this Act the surviving or remaining Commissioner of the said Court shall alone discharge all the Duties of Commissioner of the said Court; and upon the Death# Resignation, or Removal of such surviving or remaining Commissioner it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint in his Place and Stead a Commissioner of the said Court, in such Manner as he or they are now by Law empowered to' appoint a Commissioner thereof, and who shall be the sole Commissioner of the said Court; and upon the Resignation or Removal as aforesaid of the said senior of the present Commissioners of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to order and direct such Superannuation or annual Compensation to be paid to the said Commissioner as they shall think fit; and such Superannuation or Compensation shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland annually, by Four quarterly Payments at the Periods at which any Commissioner of the said Court is now by Law entitled to receive his Salary.

CXXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to take away the Power of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, of appointing a Deputy in the Case of Illness of a Commissioner of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or other reasonable Cause, according to the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter 107, or of appointing a Commissioner for taking Bail under an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter 47.

CXXIV. From the Time when the Duties of Commissioner of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall be performed by a sole Commissioner as aforesaid, the Office of the Registrar of the Commissioner so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid shall be abolished, and such Office shall not be again filled up; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners

Proeeat of Arrest.

Retiring Salary to senior Com-. raissioner of the Insolvent Court on his Resignation, and One Commissioner to perform the Duties .thereafter.

Proviso as to appointing a Deputy in case of Illness.

Office of One of the Registrars of the Insolvent Court to be thenceforth abolished, &c.

Tools and actual Necessaries of Debtors not to be seized in Execution under Civil Bill.

Affidavits as to Civil Bill Proceedings may be taken by Assistant Barristers out of their Counties.

Appeals,

Appeals may be made to Judge at next Assizes. Judges of Assize empowered to hear and issue Decree and Execution as herein.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to order and appoint to be paid to such Person, whose Office shall be so abolished, such annual Compensation as they shall think fit, and the same shall be paid annually out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by Four quarterly Payments.

CXXV. And whereas it is expedient to protect, to the ' Extent herein-after mentioned, the Tools and actual Necessaries of or belonging to Debtors from being seized in Execution under any Civil Bill, Decree, Dismiss, or Order Be it enacted, That the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of any Debtor in Ireland, and the Tools and Implements of his Trade or Business, the Value of such Apparel, Bedding, Tools, and Implements not exceeding in the whole the Value of Five Pounds, shall not be liable to Seizure under any Decree, Dismiss, or Order of any Civil Bill Court against his Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that whether the Value of such Apparel, Bedding, Tools, and Implements shall or shall not exceed the Value of Five Pounds, they shall, to an Extent not exceeding Five Pounds in Value, be protected from such Seizure as aforesaid.

CXXVI. It shall and may be lawful for every Assistant Barrister in Ireland, although he shall not be at the Time within the County of which he shall be such Assistant Barrister, to take any such Affidavit or Affidavits as he is now by Law entitled to take, or as in any way relates to any Action or Proceeding in his Court of Civil Bill Jurisdiction, and to administer the necessary Oath or Oaths for that Purpose; and every such Affidavit shall be of the same Force and Effect, and the Penalty for any false swearing therein shall be the same, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Affidavit was taken by or before such Assistant Barrister in the Civil Bill Court within his County: Provided always, that every Affidavit relating to or concerning any Action or other Proceeding in his Court of Civil Bill Jurisdiction shall, within Six Days after the Day on which such Affidavit shall be made, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, or at the Office of such Clerk of the Peace within such County, to be filed amongst the Records of such Court, otherwise such Affidavit shall be null and void.

CXXVII. It shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister to appeal therefrom to the Judge of Assize for the respective Counties in which such Decree or Dismiss shall have been made, at the Assizes next after such Decree or Dismiss shall have been so made or pronounced, and not after such Assizes; and such Judge of Assize is hereby empowered and required to hear the said Cause, and to issue a Decree and Execution thereon, in like Manner as Decrees and Executions are by the said Assistant Barristers to be awarded and issued upon the Hearing of Civil Bills under this Act, and with like Powers relating to the same, and with the like Costs;

which

349

1951. Cml Bills, frc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

whack Appeal the Assistant Barrister is hereby required to receive, and stop all Proceedings on the Decree or Dismiss pronounced, the Party appealing, if a Defendant, first paying to the Plaintiff the Costs allowed by this Act, or depositing the same with the acting Clerk of the Peace, and in all Cases, except in Proceedings by Ejectment for Nonpayment of Bent, entering before the said Assistant Barrister into a Recognizance of double the Sum decreed, with sufficient Bail to pay the Sum decreed against him, with Costs, in case no Belief shall be had upon the Hearing of such Appeal; and such Recognizance shall be in the Form (31.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and in case the Party appealing be a Plaintiff, then paying the Defendant, or depositing with the acting Clerk of the Peace the Costs allowed by this Act, and entering before the Assistant Barrister into a Recognizance in the Sum of Forty Shillings, or if the Sum awarded against him by the said Assistant Barrister for Costs shall exceed Forty Shillings, in a Sum equal to the Amount of such Costs, conditioned to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him on such Appeal, if the same shall be cktermined against him: Provided always, that in Cases of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Bent Execution shall not be stayed by reason of any such Appeal, unless the Defendant shall deposit with the Clerk of the Peace the Amount of the Bent proved to be due on the Hearing of the Civil Bill Ejectment; and provided also, that, except in Ejectment Cases, no Appeal shall lie against a Dismiss without Prejudice.

CXXVIII. Any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by such Decree of such Assistant Barrister, and who did not appear by Attorney at the Hearing of the Cause, and shall not hare entered into such Recognizance as aforesaid, may deposit the Money decreed against him, and the Costs thereof, in the Hands of the Sheriff, and enter into a Bond of Five Pounds to the adverse Party (such Bond to be free from any Stamp Duty), conditioned to perform and abide the Decree of the next-coming Judge of Assize for such County, and on his so doing the said Sheriff shall stop and forbear further Proceedings on the said Decree until the next Assizes, and give the Party appealing a Certificate that such Party has appealed and made such .Deposit with the said Sheriff; and the Party appealing shall give Notice to the other Party in the Cause, Six Days at the least before the ihennext Assizes, that he has made such Deposit with the Sheriff and intends to appeal to the next-going Judge of Assize, if there shall be sufficient Time to give such Notice after such Deposit so made; and if there shall not be sufficient Time to give Six Days Notice thereof, then the said Party so making such Deposit with the Sheriff shall give as long Notice of such his Deposit made, and Intent to appeal, as he reasonably can, on the Bea-sonableness of which Notice the said Judge of Assize shall determine; and if he or they shall think the same, on the Circumstances of the Case, insufficient, he or they shall dismiss the said Appeal, and affirm the said Decree or Dismiss, without

requiring

Assistant Barristers to receive Appeal and stop Proceedings, Appellant, if Defendant, first paying, &c. as herein.

If Plaintiff, then to pay, as herein.

If Appearance by Attorney not made, or Recognizance not entered into. Money decreed, &c. may be deposited with Sheriff, upon which Proceedings shall be stopped, &c.

Appellant to give Notice of Deposit Six Days before next Assizes.

Proviso if not Time to give Six Days Notice.

If Notice insufficient. Appeal to be dismissed.

AjqmU.

Attorney to make Affidavit that Appeal is not made For the Purpose of Delay.

Affidavit to be kept with Records of County.

If Appearance not made, &c. Deposit not to be received by Sheriff, &c. unless Affidavit is made.

Affidavit to be kept with Records.

Appeal in Cases when Parties appear by Attorney, but are not present to enter into Recognizance.

Sheriffs neglecting to pay oter De-

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, 8pc. (Ireland,) 14 & 15 VICT.

requiring* the Party who obtained the same to prove Ms Case, if he is unprepared so to do.

CXXIX. No Assistant Barrister shall receive any Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss by him made or pronounced unle» the Attorney who appeared at the Hearing of the Cause in which the same was made or pronounced for the Party desiring to appeal, if any such Attorney did appear, shall first make ah Affidavit in Writing according to the Form (32.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, before such Assistant Barrister; that such Appeal is not, as he believes, made or to be made for the Purpose of Delay, but that he believes that there is probable Cause of reversing the Decree or Dismiss made in the srnd Cause, which Affidavit so made shall be kept among the Records of the County by the Clerk of the Peace; and in case the Party intend* ing to appeal shall not have appeared by Attorney at the Hearing of the Cause, and shall not have entered into such Recognizance as aforesaid, but shall offer to deposit the Sum decreed against him in the Hands of the Sheriff the same shall not be received by the Sheriff, nor the Proceedings therein stopped, unless the Party appealing shall produce to the Sheriff, and deposit with him, an Affidavit made by such Party before some Justice of Peace of the respective County, to the same Effect and of the same Substance as herein-before required to be made before such Assistant Barrister in case of an Appeal lodged before him; which said Affidavits the several Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to take in and for their respective Counties; and such Sheriff is hereby required to transmit such Affidavit to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him kept among the Records of the Court.

CXXX. And whereas Plaintiffs and Defendants appearing by Attorney, and not attending in Person at the Quarter c Sessions, might be deprived of their Right of Appeal, by reason

of their being necessary Parties to the Recognizance to prose-c cute such Appeal Be it therefore enacted, That in case of the Absence of any such Plaintiff it shall and may be lawful for him to enter an Appeal, without entering into such Recognizance, upon paying the Defendant, or depositing with the Clerk of the Peace, double the Costs of such Dismiss, and performing the other Requisites herein-before specified in Cases of Appeal (save as to such Recognizance); and it shall and may be lawful for any such Defendant to enter an Appeal on a like Payment to the Plaintiff, or depositing with the Clerk of the Peace, double the Costs of such Decree, and performing the other Requisites as to Appeals herein-before specified (save as to such Recognizance); but a Recognizance in double the Sum decreed, in case of the Absence of the Defendant, shall in every Case be entered into on his Behalf by Two solvent Sureties, to prosecute the Appeal, and to pay the Amount to be decreed against the Defendant, and Costs.

CXXXI. Where any Person shall be entitled to bring an Appeal under the Provisions of this Act, and shall for the Purposes

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland)

Cap. 57.

of such Appeal deposit with the Sheriff the Money decreed against him, or any Sum of Money. directed by this Act to be deposited with the Sheriff, if the said Sheriff shall neglect to pay over the Sum so deposited with him, or shall refuse or neglect to pay over any Sum levied by virtue of any Execution of such Decree or Dismiss to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to such Person or Persons as by him or them shall be lawfully authorized to receive the same, upon Demand made for that Purpose, such Sheriff so offending shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved double the Sum so deposited with or received by such Sheriff, together with legal Interest for the same from the Time of such Demand, to be recovered by Civil Bill before the Assistant Barrister for the County for which such Sheriff so acted, with like Power of Appeal as in the Case of any ordinary Civil Bill.

CXXXII. Every Appeal from any Decree, Dismiss, or Order on any Civil Bill of the Recorder of Dublin, or of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, shall be made to and heard by such Court as is in that Behalf provided by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland; and the Party appealing shall give to the Party who shall have obtained such Decree, Dismiss, or Order, or to his Attorney, Four Days Notice of the Time appointed by the Court for the Hearing of the same; and such Appeal, and the several Matters relating thereto, shall in other respects be subject to the like Provisions and with like Powers as in Cases of Appeals to Judges of Assize

CXXXIII. Such Decrees and Dismisses as shall be made and pronounced by such Chairman, Recorder, and Assistant Barristers respectively shall, in case there shall be no Appeal therefrom, be absolutely final to all Intents and Purposes, and Shall not be subject to be removed, by any Writ of Error or otherwise, to any other of Her Majesty's Courts, or capable of being reversed; and that in case of an Appeal from any such Decree or Dismiss to the next-going Judge of Assize, or in the County or County of the City of Dublin to the Court hereinbefore provided, the Order or Decree of such Courts shall in Hke Manner be absolutely final to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be removed to any of Her Majesty's Courts, by Writs of Error or otherwise, and shall not be capable of being reversed.

CXXXIV. In all Cases where it shall happen that there are Two or more Defendants, and that the Chairman, Recorder, or Assistant Barrister shall decide that One or more of said Defendants is or are liable to the Plaintiff's Demand, and that the other or others of said Defendants is not or are not liable to same, and shall accordingly direct a Decree to issue against One or more of the said Defendants, and at the same Time a Dismiss against another or others of them, it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases for the Defendant or Defendants against

whom

861

posit orfiOms levied under Decrees liable to pay double td Party aggrieved.

Appeals from Civil BUI Decrees and Dismisses in the County and City of Dublin to be heard by the Courts provided by the 13 Vict c. 18. s. 30.

If no Appeal, Decrees and Dismisses final.

If Appeal made, the Decree of Judge of Assize final.

Where several Defendants, and where Assistant Barrister dismisses as to One and decrees as to the other or others, the Defendant or Defendapts so decreed may appeal.

Appeal9.

One of several Plaintiffs or Defendants may appeal without the others.

Death of Parties not to abate Suit where several Plaintiffs or Defendants, but may be prosecuted by Survivor.

Notices on Parties below to be good in Cases of Appeal.

Opinion of the Court of Appeal on the Question of Law.

Renewals of Decrees.

Decrees and Dismissesin

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

whom such Decree has been made to appeal in the same Mannay and under the same Restrictions and Provisions as if there was but One Defendant in the Cause.

CXXXV. In all Cases where there shall be sevend Plaintiffs or several Defendants it shall be lawful for any One or more of such Plaintiffs to appeal against a Dismiss, and for any One or more of such Defendants to appeal against a Decree, pronounced by the Assistant Barrister, although the other or others of said Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants, shall refuse or decline to join the said Plaintiff or Defendant so desirous of appealing: Provided always, that such Decree or Dismiss so appealed against shall not, pending such Appeal, be executed against the Party or Parties not appealing.

CXXXVI. Where in any Civil Bill there shall be several Plaintiffs and several Defendants, and all or more than One of such Plaintiffs, or all or more than One of such Defendants, as the Case may be, shall appeal from the Decree or Dismiss of the Chairman, Recorder, or Assistant Barrister, and after the lodging of such Appeal any of such Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants, shall die (in case of a Plaintiff or Plaintiffs) leaving another Plaintiff or other Plaintiffs surviving, and (in case of a Defendant or Defendants) leaving another Defendant or other Defendants surviving, such Appeal shall not abate by such Death or Deaths, but the same may be proceeded with at the Suit of the surviving Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or against the surviving Defendant or Defendants, or vice versd, as the Case may be.

CXXXVII. In all Cases where any Party to any Civil Bill shall have given Notice in Writing to the opposite Party to produce, upon the Hearing of said Civil Bill before the Chairman, Recorder, or Assistant Barrister, any Document, or any Notice of Set-off, or any Notice of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, it shall not be necessary for such Party or Parties so having given such Notice to renew the same upon or for the Hearing of any Appeal that may be brought in such Case, but any such Notice so given for the original Hearing of the Civil Bill shall be effectual in like Manner upon the Appeal.

CXXXVIII. In all Cases of Appeal from any Civil Bill Decree or Dismiss it shall be lawful for the Chairman, Recorder, or Assistant Barrister, in case he shall be of opinion that a Question of Law only is involved in such Proceeding, by Consent of the Parties respectively, to state a Special Case under his Hand for the Opinion of the Judge on Appeal upon such Question of Law, and thereupon like Proceedings shall be had, and a like Decision given upon such Appeal and Special Case, and subject to like Provisions as in other Cases of Appeal, save that, without further Proof of the Facts of the Case, the Decision of the Court of Appeal shall be given upon such Special Case.

CXXXIX. Every Decree and Dismiss made and signed by any Assistant Barrister shall be in full Force and Effect for On© Year from the Date of the same, and that the same, if not before

executed.

Civil Bills, jpc. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

executed, may be renewed from Time to Time onoe in every Six Months, or as near thereto as the Time for holding the several Sessions will permit: Provided always, that no Civil Bill Decree for Possession of any Lands or Tenements, or any Affirmance of such Decree, (except in the Case of a Renewal under the Eighth Section of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven,) shall be renewed, save for the Costs thereby decreed.

CXL. No Decree shall be at any Time renewed until the Plaintiff in such Decree, or One of the Plaintiffs, if there be more than One, or in case of the Death of a sole Plaintiff then his or her personal Representatives, or One of them, and in case of more than One Plaintiff, the surviving Plaintiff, or One of the Representatives of a deceased Plaintiff, shall have made Affidavit, or an Affirmation in Cases where an Affirmation is by Law allowed before the said Assistant Barrister for the County in which such Decree was made or pronounced in open Court held as aforesaid for such Division, which Affidavit or Affirmation shall be in the Form 33. in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Case will admit, and shall state the Names of the Parties in the original Cause, the Sum for which such Decree was made, and the Sum then remaining due or unpaid to the Plaintiff or Plain-tiflfe, or their personal Representatives, on the Foot of the said Decree, after all just Allowances; provided that if the Person swearing such Affidavit or making such Affirmation was a Party in the original Cause as personal Representative to some other Person, or if such Person so swearing or affirming shall seek to renew any Decree or Dismiss as Executor or Administrator of One of the Parties in the original Cause, it shall be sufficient for such Person to swear or affirm that such Sum still remains due, after all just Allowances, as he or she verily believes: Provided also, that in the Absence of the Party to the original Decree, it shall be lawful for the known Agent or Receiver of such original Party to make such Affidavit, in which Case the Words CS One of the Parties," in the Form of the Affidavit specified, shall be omitted, and instead thereof shall be substituted (known Agent or Receiver (as the Case may be) to C. D., Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be), and that such Person so making the said Affidavit may add at the End thereof these Words," as he doth verily believe."

CXLI. No Dismiss shall be at any Time renewed until the Defendant who shall have obtained the same, or One of the Defendants, if there shall be more than One Defendant, or in case of the Death of a sole Defendant then his or her personal Representatives, or One of them, and in case of more than One Defendant the surviving Defendant, or One of the Representatives of a deceased Defendant, shall have made Affidavit, or ib Affirmation in Cases where an Affirmation is by Law allowed, m fike Mamer and Form, mutatis mutandis, as is herein-before fltotMedin the Case of renewing a Decree; which Affidavit so

23. Price 2d.] Z sworn

353

force for One Year, and may be renewed.

No Renewal

of Decree for Possession, except for Coats.

Decree not renewed till Affidavit in Schedule made.

Provision as to Representatives.

Affidavits for Renewal of Decrees or Dismisses may be made by Agent or Receiver, with Alterations herein directed.

Dismiss not renewed tiU Affidavit made.

Affidavit on Renewal of De-

064

cnprt* Diatmss

V> be written on panic Paper with Renewal, prepared for Assistant Barrister to sign.

And may renew Decree or Dismiss, as herein.

Affidavit to be kept with Records of County.

Decrees or Dismisses may be renewed by Plaintiff or Defendant, or their Executors, &c.

No Renewal after Two Years, except upon Notice.

Notice to be served of Renewal when to be granted to any but the original Parties.

Decrees, St c. previous to this Act may be renewed.

Cap. 67. Civil BUU, frc. (Ireland,) 14 & 16 Vict.

sworn or Affirmation* made, and signed by and with the Nan* or Mark of the Person so swearing or affirming it, as well where the Party shall seek to renew a Decree as a Dismiss, shall be written or printed on the same Piece of Paper with the Renewal of the said Decree or Dismiss, filled and prepared for the said Assistant Barrister to sign; and when such Affidavit or Affirmation shall have been sworn or affirmed the said Assistant Barrister shall sign his Name thereto, testifying that the same was sworn before him in open Court; and the said Assistant Barrister shall and may then renew such Decree or Dismiss (by signing such Renewal) for the whole original Sum and Costs, if the whole shall be due, or for such Sum as shall be sworn or affirmed to remain due, as the Case shall happen, together with the Costs of such Renewal; and thereupon the said Affidavit or Affirmation shall be separated from the said Renewal, and shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or his Deputy, and shall be kept among the Records of the County.

CXLII. It shall be lawful for any Plaintiff or Defendant, or surviving Plaintiff or Defendant, or the Executor or Administrator or Assignee of any Plaintiff or Defendant who shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, or the Husband of any Plaintiff or Defendant, by whom any Decree or Dismiss was obtained, to renew any Decree or Dismiss, or any Affirmance or Reversal of any Decree or Dismiss of the Assistant Barrister affirmed or reversed on Appeal against any Defendant or Plaintiff or surviving Defendant or Plaintiff, or the personal Representatives of such Parties respectively; provided that all such Renewals shall be subject to the same and the like Conditions and Regulations as are herein prescribed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Assistant Barrister to grant a Renewal of any Civil Bill Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, when Two Years shall have elapsed after such Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, shall have been pronounced, nor at any Time to grant such Renewal to or against any Person not being an original Party to such Civil Bill, unless upon Proof made in open Court that the Party seeking such Renewal caused Notice in Writing, according to the Form (34.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, to be served upon the Person against whom it is sought to renew such Decree or Dismiss, Affirmance or Reversal, setting forth the Particulars of such Decree, and the Amount for which the Application to renew such Decree is proposed to be made, such Notice to be served in like Manner as Civil Bill Processes are hereby required to be served, and at the like Time previous to the First Day of holding the Civil Bill Court to which such Application is intended to be made, and to be entered with the Clerk of the Peace, and heard and determined in like Manner as any ordinary Civil Bill.

CXLIII. AJl Decrees and Dismisses which shall have been made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin* or the Recorder

1851.

Civil Bills, Sfd. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57;

85 5

Renewals of Decrees,

Execution of Decrees.

corder of the City of Dublin, before the Commencement of this Act, may, subject to the Regulations aforesaid, be renewed __________

before any of the Assistant Barristers for the Time being for the Counties respectively in which the said Decrees or Dismisses have been heretofore made, or before such Chairman or Recorder, as the Case may be.

CXLIV. No Decree or Dismiss already made or pronounced, Decree or or hereafter to be made or pronounced, by any Assistant Barns- *

ter, shall be renewed at any Time after Six Years from the after Six Years Time of the making or pronouncing the same, but the Debt and *n*de.

Costs therein shall, after Seven Years from the making of the original Decree or Dismiss, be absolutely extinguished, and shall not be capable of being enforced by any Proceeding whatsoever; and such Decree or Dismiss, or Renewal thereof, shall not be revived or kept in force by any parol Evidence or Promise to

?iy the same or any Part thereof, or by any Evidence of a Part ayment thereof: Provided nevertheless, that if the Defendant or Defendants shall execute any new Security in Writing for such Debt or Costs such new Security shall be of full Force and Effect in Law.

CXLV. All Decrees and Orders of the said Civil Bill Courts

which shall have been signed before the Commencement of this _______

Act, and remaining unexecuted, and all Decrees and Orders of Sheriff* to exe-such Courts hereafter to be signed, shall be executed by the cute Decrees* Sheriffs of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns, or, at the Request of the Plaintiff, by any Person authorized by the said Sheriffs, by special Warrant, to act as Bailiff, at the Peril of the Party making such Request; and that the several Sheriff* of Sheriffs of the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns cities^cTof shall make such Warrants and execute such Executions in and Town* to make for their respective Bailiwicks, upon all Decrees and Dismisses Warrants, &c. or Orders to be executed within their respective Bailiwicks, and " sheriff^* do all and every Matter relative thereto, and to Appeals there- Counties at from, and with the like Fees, as is herein mentioned respecting larSe-the Sheriffs of the several Counties at large.

CXL YI. Any Person employed as a Bailiff in any Civil Bill a51*ffs m*y Decree shall have full Power and Authority to sell Goods taken Execution6" " in Execution by him, by Public Auction, without the Assistance of a licensed Auctioneer.

CXLVII. No Cattle or Goods taken in Execution under any Cattle, &c. not Decree or Dismiss shall be driven or carried to any Place more JhanVive than Five Miles distant from the Place where they were taken; Miles; and then and that such Cattle or Goods shall be sold by public Cant to publicly sold the highest and best Bidder, between the Hours of Ten in the J^r^eno^*11 Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon on such Day and at such and Four in the Place as the Sheriff or his Bailiff shall appoint, first causing Afternoon, Notice in Writing entitled in the Cause of the Time and Place f>g^cre of intended for such Sale to be posted up Four Days previous the same, thereto in the next Market Town at the usual Place of posting up public Notices; and the Plaintiff in such Decree shall be entitled to receive and retain out of the Proceeds of such Sale a

Z 2 Sum

356

Execution of Decreet.

Cap. 57.

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.') 14 & 15 ViC£

Penalty of double the Value of the Cattle on selling, be, otherwise than as herein.

Persons driving or taking Cattle or Goods between Sunset and Sunrise, guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Property not altered by Sale.

Decree may be given in Evidence under General Issue.

Where Goods of a Third Person are taken under a Decree, that Person on making Affidavit, and lodging the Amount of the Civil Bill, or the Value of Goods, with the Sheriff, to have Goods redelivered to him.

Sum of Money for the Expenses of Bailiffs in charge of the Property taken (if such Property shall remain in charge of Bailiffs), over and above the Amount of the Decree, at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for each Bailiff for every Twenty* four Hours that he shall be so in charge: Provided always, that the Number of Bailiffs for whom the Plaintiff may so charge shall not exceed Two, and the Length of Time for which he shall charge shall not exceed Five Days; provided also, that the Plaintiff in such Decree, or the Person or Persons so driving or carrying away such Cattle or Goods, or selling them, otherwise than as herein directed, shall forfeit to the Person aggrieved by the same double the Value of the said Cattle, to be recovered by Civil Bill under this Act

CXLVIII. If any Cattle or Goods shall be taken and carried away under any Decree or Dismiss, or under colour of any De* cree or Dismiss obtained upon any Civil Bill, between the Hours of Sunset and Sunrise, the Person or Persons so taking and carrying away the same shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as to the Court who shall try the Case shall seem meet; and in any Indictment for this Offence it shall be sufficient to allege generally that the Party or Parties fraudulently, contrary to the Intent of this Act, carried away such Cattle or Goods between the Hours of Sunset and Sunrise, without describing more particularly the Circumstances of such Offence; and the Property in the Goods and Cattle so taken shall not be altered by any Sale thereof.

CXLIX. In any Case where the Decree, Dismiss of any Civil Bill Court, or any Warrant thereon, may be set up as a Defence to any Action in any Superior Court, it shall not be incumbent on the Party to plead such Decree, Dismiss, or Warrant thereon specially, but it shall be lawful for him to plead the General Issue, and to give the Decree, Dismiss, or Warrant thereon respectively in Evidence as special Matter.

CL. And whereas Difficulties may arise in the Execution of

any Decree or Order made under this Act against Goods, by reason of Claims being made to the Property of such Goods by

Persons not being the Parties against whom such Decree or ' Order has issued, and it is reasonable to afford a cheap and

expeditious Mode of adjudicating on such Claims:' Be it enacted, That when any Goods taken under any Decree, Order, or Process of any Civil Bill Court in Ireland shall be claimed by any Person who is not a Party to such Decree, Order, or Process, it shall and may be lawful for the said Person so claiming such Goods so taken as aforesaid, or his Agent, to make an Affidavit before any Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Goods shall have been seized under such Decree, Order, or Process, (and which Affidavit such Justice is hereby empowered to take and receive,) to the Purport that the said Goods are the bona fide Property of the Person so claiming the same; and it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the County where

1851*. '

Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.')

Cap. 57.

357

Execution of Decreet.

atich Goods shall be so seized, upon the Lodgment with the said Sheriff of such Affidavit, and of the Amount of the Sum mentioned in such Decree, Order, or Process, where the Value of the Goods so seized shall exceed or be equal to the Amount of the Sum mentioned in such Decree, Order, or Process, or, in the event of the Value of the Goods so claimed being less than the Sum so mentioned, then such Sum as shall be equal to the Value of such Goods, (such Value to be ascertained by any Appraiser appointed by the said Sheriff for taking Replevins,) to issue an Order for the delivering up of such Goods to the said Person so claiming the same, or to cause the same to be delivered up accordingly; and the said Sheriff shall, within Eight Days from the Day of Lodgment of such Affidavit as aforesaid, transmit same to the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, io be there filed, and shall hold the said Money so deposited with him to abide the Order or Decree of the Assistant Barrister in respect of the same, as herein-after mentioned; and the ^Civil Person so claiming the said Goods, and depositing the said B^iu^the next Money with the Sheriff as aforesaid, shall cause a Civil Bill Session against Process to be served on the Plaintiff or Party in such Decree, Jr^and^M Order, or Process at whose Suit such Goods shall have been ristar to make MeA, stating that he claims the same as his Property, and the aDecreeorDis-feritf Civil Bill shall be returnable to the Quarter Sessions for the rai8s thereon* DiVJslon of the County in which such Seizure was made next $ter such Deposit with the said Sheriff, provided that the same tkn be served on the Defendant in due Time for such next Quarter Session, and if not then to the Session for the Division next following, and not after; and the said Civil Bill as to the feud Claim of Property shall be served, heard, and determined ub aby ordinary Civil Bill, and the said Assistant Barrister shall tbake a Decree or Dismiss thereon, as he shall think fit, with Costs; and if the said Claim of Property shall not be substan- Sheriff to pay tiated to the Satisfaction of the Assistant Barrister, then the the Money said Sheriff shall and he is hereby required, upon the Production entitled. to him of a Dismiss in such Case, or, in case of the Non-production of a Decree for the Plaintiff therein, within Ten Days from {be^Termination of the Sessions at which such Civil Bill ought to have been brought, without further Order, pay over the lies so deposited to the Defendant in such last-mentioned "^Billl, and Credit shall be given by such Defendant for the dut of the Amount due on the original Decree, Order, or Pfttec&i and in like Manner, upon the Production to the $be$3if of a Decree in favour of the Claimant of the said Pro-said Sheriff shall pay back to the said Claimant the Suin 6t Mohey so deposited with him as aforesaid: Provided Damages may (hat it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barris- be.8lven for tfer wefttfb tthona such Claim of Property shall be tried, if he fit, and Damages shall be claimed in the Process, to £ not exceeding in any Case Five Pounds, for the 'ffikipg of the said Goods, as well as to make an Order ]Wy&CTityof the said Deposit to the Claimant; provided i - Z 3 also, j

358

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, $*c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Execution of also, that if any Person or Persons shall decline or refuse to Decree. deliver up the Goods so taken upon any Decree, Order, or Party refusing Process under this Act, after Production to him or them of the todeI!^Up Order of the Sheriff for that Purpose, or shall retake such Sheriff's Order Goods under the same Decree or Order under which the same or retaking ' were so originally taken, such Person or Persons so offending them, guilty of shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and liable to be a Misdemeanor. pUn; 8he(j accordingly; and in any Indictment for this Offence it shall be sufficient to allege generally that the Party knowingly and wilfully declined and refused to deliver up such Goods, or retook the same, (as the Case may be,) after Production to him of the said Order of the said Sheriff; and provided also, that nothing in this Provision contained shall debar the Party claiming the Goods as aforesaid from any Remedy to which he would have been entitled if this Act had not been passed, instead of proceeding under this Provision.

Miscellaneous CLI. It shall and may be lawful for every Assistant Barris-Provitions- ter, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, of his sole Power to Assist- Authority, and at his Discretion, to fine the Clerk of the Peace, int Barristers to or his Deputy, of all Counties and Ridings respectively, and Peace^heriff Sheriffs of Counties and Counties of Cities and Counties of amf Attornies* Towns respectively, where Courts for deciding Causes by Civil guilty of any Bill shall be held, who shall respectively be guilty of any Breach and maofine uExecution of this Act, in any Sum not exceed-

or cominitPer- *ng Eive Pounds, and, of his sole Authority, and at his Discretion, sons disturbing to fine in any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, or, at his the Court, &c. Discretion, to commit to Prison for any Time not exceeding a Fortnight, any Person whomsoever who shall disturb the Court so to be held by him for the hearing and determining Causes by Civil Bill, or for any other Contempt of the said Court.

CLII. In all Actions and Proceedings by Civil Bill the Fees specified in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed shall be established and be deemed and taken as the lawful Fees and Emoluments for the Discharge of the several Duties therein specified by the respective Officers therein mentioned, and no other Fees or Payments shall be recoverable for the Discharge of such Duties; and that every Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Attorney, Sheriff, Bailiff, or Process Officer, who shall receive any greater Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument, or other Consideration, for any of the Services specified in the said Schedule, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who may sue for the same.

CLIII. The several Fees mentioned and set forth in the dule^chargeable Schedule (D.) *to this Act annexed in that Behalf shall be the c^fuT Party!* Fees chargeable against any Party, Plaintiff or Defendant as between Party and Party, upon any Civil Bill brought under the Provisions of this Act; and no other Fee or Charge shall be made in any Bill of Costs between Party and Party, or in any Decree or Dismiss, other than those set forth in said Schedule.

Fees specified in Schedule to be deemed lawful Fees.

Penalty for taking larger Fees.

Fees in Sche-

Cml Bitls, , fyc. c. (Ireland,)

Cap. 67.

359-

CLIV. Such of the Fees specified and set forth in the said MUctiianeou* > Schedule (D.) as are thereby made payable to Clerks of the Provision*. Peace of the different Counties in Ireland for entering Civil payable to Bills, and for signing Decrees or Dismisses, and signing and the Registrar entering Renewals, shall be payable to the Registrar of the ^ount^of present Chairman of the County of Dublin, and the Clerk or Dublin^ ° Registrar of Civil Bills for the City of Dublin respectively,

Only in Ejectment, Replevin, and Legacy Cases, and in Cases ever which an entirely new Jurisdiction is hereby created, and in all other Cases the Fees payable to the said respective Registrars at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall remain unaltered, and continue payable to the Registrar of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, so long as the said Office of Registrar shall continue and no longer, and with respect to the Fees payable to the Registrar of the Recorder of the City of Dublin so long as the present Registrar shall continue in Office and no longer: Provided always, that upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of the said Chairman of the County of Dublin, and upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of the present Registrar of the Recorder of the City of Dublin, the Fees at present payable to them respectively shall cease to be so payable, and in lieu of same the respective Persons appointed to succeed said respective Registrars shall receive and be paid the several Fees by this Act appointed to be paid to the several Clerks of the Peace, and none other, and shall at the First Sessions at which they shall respectively attend after their respective Appointments, and at the Commencement of such Sessions, take and sign the Affidavit hereby appointed to be made and subscribed by Clerks of the Peace upon their respective Appointments: Provided also, that from and after the Time at On the Ap-which the Office of Chairman of the County of Dublin shall Cease by reason of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Barrister for Person now holding said Office, and so soon as the Appoint- the County of tnent of an ALSsistant Barrister for the said County shall be made offi^o^Rein Uie Manner provided by this Act, the Office of Registrar of gutrar shall the County of Dublin shall cease and determine; and all Acts, cease, and the Duties, and Functions which now by Law belong and appertain to the said Office of Registrar, or which are done or per- clerk of the formed, or ought to be done or performed, by the said Registrar, Peace or his shall belong and appertain to the Office of Clerk of the Peace DePuty* for the County of Dublin, and shall be done and performed by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy: Provided also, that the Practice of the said Courts of the Chairman of the County of Dublin and the Recorder of the City of Dublin in respect to the Registrars of their respective Courts shall continue during th* Continuance of the Office of Chairman of the County of Dublin and of the present Registrar of the Recorder of the CS^y of Dublin respectively, anything in this Act contained to tike contrary notwithstanding.

CLV. Every such Registrar and every Clerk of the Peace Table of Fees shall and 1m is hereby required to cause to be constantly exposed,

Z 4 as

m

ctipus Parts of the Office of the Clerks of Peace and Court of Quarter Sessions.

Cap. 57.

Civil BilUf Sfc. (Ireland*) 14 & 15 Vi

General Orders to be made for regulating the Forms and Manner of proceeding in Civil Bill Courts.

Perjury.

as well in his Office as also in some particular Place accessible to the Public in every Court of General or Quarter Sessions within his County, a fair and legible Table, painted or printed in Letters and Figures not less than One Half Inch in Length, of the Fees payable upon all Proceedings upon all Civil Bills, and likewise the Penalty to which any Person may become liable for receiving any greater Fee than is set forth in the said Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed for any of the Services therein specified; and that on Proof made on summary Application to the Court of any Neglect or Omission of such Exposure the Registrar or Clerk of the Peace so neglecting shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the County within which such Penalty shall be incurred, and accounted for and applied by such Treasurer to the Aid of the Expenditure of such County; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, and they are hereby required, at any Assizes to be held in and for such County, to present the reasonable and actual Expense of preparing and exposing such Tables to be raised by Presentment upon such County, and to be paid to such Registrar or Clerk of the Peace.

CLVI. It shall and may he lawful for the Assistant Barristers, or for any Five of them, to be selected at a Meeting of the said Assistant Barristers to be convened for the Purpose, and they are hereby required, within Six Months after the Commencement of this Act, to make and issue such General Orders, Rules, and Regulations as they shall think fit for regulating the Forms and Manner of proceeding in the Civil Bill Courts, and for carrying the Provisions of this Act into execution, and for simplifying, establishing, and settling the Course of Practice in the said Courts, and afterwards from Time to Time to annul, alter, or vary any Order or Orders so as aforesaid made, and to make any new General Orders, Rules, and Regulations for the like Purpose; provided that any such Rules, Orders, or Regulations shall not be inconsistent with this Act, or with the Law of Ireland; such Orders, Rules, and Regulations to be submitted to the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland, for his Approval; and Copies of all such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, when so approved, shall be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties in Ireland, to be by them kept and preserved in their Offices, and there to remain open at all Times to the public Inspection; and such Orders, Rules, and Regulations shall have the same Effect and be as binding as if they were contained in this Act.

CLVII. If any Person taking an Oath or making a Declaration or Affirmation in any Action, Examination, or other Proceeding under the Provisions of this Act shall wilfully and corruptly swear, declare, and affirm falsely, lie shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished accordingly; and if in any such Action, Examination, or other Proceeding the Assistant Barrister shall deem any Witness or Party to have so far wilfully and corruptly sworn, declared.

* B&L

SSf

Civil Bills, jre. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

or affirmed falsely as that in his Opinion such Witness or Party ought to be prosecuted at the Expense of the County within which the Witness or Party shall have so sworn, or affirmed, or declared, and shall certify such Opinion in Writing, then and in every such Case, if any Prosecution be instituted, the Court in which such Prosecution shall take place shall make an Order for Payment of the Expenses of such Prosecution by the Treasurer of the County.

CLVIII. All Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities by this Act conferred upon the Assistant Barristers of Counties in relation to Proceedings by Civil Bill are hereby conferred upon the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and the Recorder of the City of Dublin, and the Recorder of the Borough of Cork: Provided always, that, so far as regards the Recorder of the City of Dublin, and the Recorder of the Borough of Cork, nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to abridge or in any Manner affect the Jurisdiction conferred on the said respective Recorders by the Acts of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, and of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-three, where such Jurisdiction shall exceed the Jurisdiction conferred by this Act; and that nothing herein contained shall be taken to alter the Mode of Appointment of a Deputy by said Recorders, or of Officers of the Court of the said Recorders, or the existing Power of such respective Recorders to appoint the proper Officers of such Courts for the Service or Execution of the Process of the same under this Act; and if any Doubt shall arise in the Application of this Act as to what Officers of such Courts shall correspond with those named in this Act under Proceedings by Civil Bill, it shall be lawful for such Courts respectively to determine the same.

CLIX. And whereas by the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, Provision is made relating to Proceedings by Civil Bill before Recorders of Boroughs or Towns in Ireland; and it is thereby, amongst other things, enacted, that such Proceedings by Civil Bill shall be, as nearly as Circumstances will admit, in the Forms and according to the Course, and with such Right of Appeal to a 4 Judge of Assize or at Nisi Prius, as is by Law provided in Cases of Civil Bills determinable before any Assistant Barrister. Chairman, or Recorder, as the Case may be: And whereas, by reason of the Repeal of former Statutes relating to Civil Bills, it is necessary to substitute another Provision in lieu thereof Be it enacted, therefore, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all Proceedings by way of Civil Bill under said recited Act, or under any other Act not hereby repealed, to be had or taken before any Recorder of a Borough or Town in Ireland other than the Recorders of the City of Dublin and Borough of Cork, shall be, as nearly as the Circumstances

Afisedfanwoes

Provisions.

All Powers of Assistant Bar* risters, &c. under this Act conferred upon Chairman of Sessions and Recorders of Dublin and of Cork.

Proceedings by Civil Bill under S & 4 Vict. c. 108., &c. to be had or taken before Recorders of Boroughs, shall be. as near as may be, in the Forms, &c. as by this Act is provided.

jMi*xUa»eous I*romnons.

As to Com pen-nation to Recorders for Loss of Fees.

Nothing in this Act to affect Duty of Chairman of County Dublin in registering Voters by a Deputy.

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

stances of the Case will admit, in the Forms, and subject to the like Provisions as to Stamps and Fees, and according to such Course, and with such Right of Appeal to a Judge of Assize or at Nisi Prius of the County or City in which for such Purpose such Borough or any Part thereof shall be situate, and subject to such other Rules and Regulations, as by this Act is provided in Cases of Civil Bills determinable before any Assistant Barrister or Chairman, and with the same Amount and Limits of Jurisdiction: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Manner or Times of holding the Courts of such Recorders for the Hearing of such Civil Bill Proceedings, or to abridge any existing Power of such respective Recorders to appoint the proper Officers of such Courts for the Service or Execution of the Process of the same; and if any Doubt shall arise, in the Application of this Act, as to what Officers of such Courts shall correspond to those named in this Act for the Service or Execution of Process, it shall be lawful for such Courts to determine the same.

CLX. And whereas, by reason of the Repeal of former Acts relating to Civil Bills, the said Recorders, other than the Recorder of the City of Dublin and the Recorder of the Borough of Cork, will be deprived of certain Fees to which they were heretofore entitled upon Proceedings by Civil Bill before them Be it enacted, That every such Recorder, save the Recorder of the City of Dublin, shall be entitled within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act to make a Claim before the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for Compensation in respect of the Loss of Fees upon Civil Bill Proceedings to be sustained by him under this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in such Manner as they shall think fit, to inquire what was the average Amount of Fees upon Civil Bill Proceedings duly received by such Recorder respectively during the Seven Years next preceding the Date of such Claim, or such other Period as they may in the particular Case think fit, and what were the Fees in respect of which such Compensation should be allowed; and the said Commissioners shall award to the Persons making such Claims such Compensations as they shall think just; and all such Compensations shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Provided always, that an Account of all such Compensations shall, within One Month after the same shall be so granted, be laid before the House of Commons, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, then within One Month after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

CLXI. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to repeal or affect the Provision made by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, enabling the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of

1851. ' Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.') Cap. 57.

Dublin to discharge the Duties imposed upon him by that Act with regard to the Registry of Voters in and for the City of Dublin by Deputy, as therein mentioned: Provided always, that upon the Death or Resignation of the present Chairman as aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the Time being to nominate and appoint a practising Barrist er-at-Law of Ten Years standing at the least, during good Behaviour, who shall have actually practised Ten Years in Her Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin, and who shall not at the Time of his Appointment to such Office have retired from such Practice, to discharge the said Duties with regard to the Registry of Voters in and for the City of Dublin, as fully and effectually as if he had been appointed by a Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin under the said Act, and subject to like Provisions, and with the like Powers, and to be remunerated in like Manner, as if he had been so appointed.

CLXII. In the Construction of this Act the several Proceedings and Duties hereby directed to be had and done in the Office of and by the Clerk of the Peace shall (as regards the County of Dublin) be had and done in the Office of and by the Registrar of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin, so long as such Registrar shall continue in Office, and afterwards in the Office of and by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Dublin, and (as regards the City of Dublin) in the Office of and by the Registrar of Civil Bills for the City of Dublin; and the Provisions of this Act in relation thereto shall extend to such Registrar of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin, and to such Registrar of Civil Bills; and the Expression " Assistant Barrister " or iC Assistant Barristers " shall extend to and include the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin, and the Recorder of the City of Dublin and the Borough of Cork, and the several Recorders herein mentioned, in Civil Bill Proceedings, save and except so far as relates to the Appointment, Salary, Retiring Pension, and Continuance in Office of the said Recorders, or so far as it is by this Act in other respects otherwise specially provided; and wherever the Clerk of the Peace is named in this Act the Provision shall extend to the Acting or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer discharging the Duties of a Clerk of the Peace; and whenever the Sheriff is named the Provision shall extend to the Sub-Sheriff; and that the Words u Party" and " Person," whenever used in this Act, shall extend to and include any Corporation or public Company; and that all Words importing the Singular Number or Masculine Gender shall be construed to extend to and include many Persons as well as One Person, and Females as well as Males; and the Word " County of "Counties" shall extend to and include " Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns," and " Riding " or " Ridings " of Counties appointed for Civil Bill Purposes and for all or any Matters relating to General or

Quarter

363

Miscellaneous Provisions.

Upon Death, &c. of preiect Chairman, Lord Lieutenant to appoint a Barrister to perform the Duties with respect to. Registration of Voters.

Interpretation of Terms.

Schedules deemed Part of this Act. Commencement of Act.

Act to extend only to Ireland.

Quarter Sessions; unless in any of such Cases there be something in the Context or Provision repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction.

CLXIII. The Schedules to this Act annexed shall be deemed and understood as Part of this Act.

CLXIV. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

CLXV. This Act shall extend to Ireland only, save where the contrary is hereby expressed.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE A. ACTS TO BE REPEALED.

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 Wm. m. c. 15. For the more easy and speedy securing and Recovery of Small Debts. The whole.

2 Geo. I. c. 11. For reviving and amending an Act, entitled " An Act for Recovery of Small Debts in "a summary Way before the Judges of " Assize." The whole of this Act, except that Part of same which relates to the Amount of Costs in Actions of Trespass and Actions for Battery and Actions for Assault and Slander, where Damages under 40s., viz. Sections 16 and 17.

S Geo. I. c. 6. For the further Amendment of the Law; and for continuing and amending several Acts nearly expiring. Section of this Act.

1 Geo. II. c. 14. For explaining and amending an Act entitled " An Act for reviving and amending an Act " entitled An Act for Recovery of Small " Debts in a summary Way before the " Judges of Assize.' " The whole.

31 Geo. II. c. 16. - For the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way in the City of Dublin and the Liberties thereof. The whole.

7 Geo. III. c. 21. - To continue and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act to amend and explain an Act made " in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of " Henry the Eighth, entitled An Act for " ' Ty thes " and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9.

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Geo. III. c. 26. For amending the Acts of the Second and £ighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and of the First Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for Recovery of Small Debts, in a summary Way, by Civil Bill, as far as they relate to the County of Dublin. The whole.

27 Geo. III. c. 40. For the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. So much of said Act as relates to the appointing of Sessions; also the Appointment of Towns for holding Sessions; the Appointment of Assistant Barristers, and their Salary, and the Duties of same; vis. Sections 14, 15, 16.

31 Geo. III. c. 31. For the preventing of Frauds in the Execution of Decrees obtained on Civil Bills. The whole.

36 Geo. III. c. 25. For the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts, in a summary Way, at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an Act, entitled " An Act for the " better Execution of the Law and Preeer-M vation of the Peace within Counties at M large.*' The whole.

58 Geo. III. c. 25. To amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, entitled " An Act for the " better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way, at the " Sessions of the Peace of the several Coun-M ties at large within this Kingdom, except M the County of Dublin," and for continuing and amending an Act, entitled M An Act for " the better Execution of the Law and Pre-M serration of the Peace within Counties at " large," save and except Section 2, and so much of Section 6 as relates to the Barony of Ballinacor. The whole.

38* Geo. HE. c. 65. Appointing Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace in the County of Dublin. The whole to be repealed from and after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present Chairman.

39 Geo. III. c. 16. For the farther Amendment of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, entitled " An Act for the better and more convenient " Administration of Justice, and for the " Recovery of small Debts in a summary The whole.

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal

" Way, at the Sessions of the Peace of the " several Counties at large -within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and " for continuing and amending an Act, entitled An Act for the better Execution 44 4 of the Law and Preservation of the Peace 44 4 within Counties at large.' "

40 Geo. III. c. 69. To enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and Assistant Barristers of the several other Counties on the Resignation of their respective Offices. So much of said Act as relates to the retiring Pensions of the C hair-man of Kilmainham, and the Assistant Barristers in Ireland, save as to any retiring Pensions heretofore granted to any such Persons now living. Sections 1, 2.

49 Geo. III. c. 101. To regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland; and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland made, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty relating thereto. So much thereof as relates to the Division of Counties. Section 5.

54 Geo. III. c. 68. For the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes. So much of said Act as relates toProceedings for Recovery of Monies under Monitions before Chairman of the County of Dublin and Assistant Barristers. Section 8.

54 Geo. III. c. 131. To provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties in certain Cases. So much of said Act as relates to the Division of Counties into Districts for Civil Bill Courts. Section 20.

54 Geo. III. c. 181. To render more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland. So far as same gives a Jurisdiction to Assistant Barristers by Civil Bill in case of Assaults, to the Extent of Five Guineas.

56 Geo. III. c. 88. To amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery' of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. The whole, save Section 14.

58 Geo. III. c. 39. To explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. The whole.

18(1. Civil Bills, .frc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 39t

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal

1 Geo. rv. c. 41. To extend the Benefit of Two Acts made in the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants. The whole, except Section 2.

4 Geo. IV. c. 93. To divide the County of Cork, for the Purpose of holding additional General Sessions therein. The whole.

7 Geo. IV. c. 36. To regulate the Service of the Process of the several Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland. The whole.

l&2Wm.IV. c. 31. To improve the Administration of Justice in Ireland. So much of said Act as relates to the Times for holding Quarter Sessions and the Time for fixing same. Sections 9, 11.

6&7 Wm.IV. c. 75. To extend the Jurisdiction and regulate the Proceedings of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland. The whole.

1 Vict. c. 43. To amend the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland. The whole.

5 Vict c. 33. An Act to amend and explain so much of Two Acts of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty, and of the First Year of Her present Majesty, as relates to the Execution of Civil Bill Decrees for the Possession of Land in Ireland. The whole.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 81. An Act to make better Provision for the Appointment of a Deputy for the Chairman for the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and to provide for the taking of an Oath by the said Chairman or Deputy; and to amend an Act of the First Year of Her present Majesty to amend the Law for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland. The whole.

9 & 10 Vict c. 111. An Act to amend the Law in Ireland as to Ejectments and Distresses, and as to the Occupation of Land. So much of said Act as relates toProceedings by Civil Bill, but so, nevertheless, that the 8th and the 10th Sections of the said Act shall not be hereby affected or repealed.

11 & 12 Vict 12 Vict c. 28. An Act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns in certain Cases. So much of the said Act as relates to any Civil Bill Court, or to any Action, Civil Bill, or Decree, Process, Evidence, Execution, or

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal

Proceeding in or relating to any such

11 & 12 Vict c. 34. An Act to amend certain Acts in force in Civil Bill Court, save in so far as the said Act limits the Power of Arrest for all Sums not exceeding Ten Pounds $ save also in so far as the said Act exempts from its Operation Proceedings relating to Revenue of Excise, or Customs, Stamps, Taxes, or Post Office. The whole.

Ireland in relation to Appeals from Decrees and Dismisses on Civil Bills in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin.

SCHEDULE B.

Class I.

Class II.

Counties.

"Antrim,

Armagh,

Clare,

Donegal,

Down,

Galway,

Kerry,

Kilkenny,

Limerick,

Londonderry,

Mayo,

Monaghan,

Tyrone,

Cavan,

Cork, West Riding, Fermanagh,

Leitrim,

Queen's County, Roscommon,

Sligo,

Waterford,

Wexford,

Salaries of Assistant Barristers.

£1,000 per Annum.

<£*800 per Annum.

Class ILL

369

Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Counties.

Cap. 67.

Salaries of Assistant Barristers.

£Q00 per Annum.

Carlow,

Kildare,

King's County,

<- >* m - W

Meath,

Westmeath,

Wicklow,

Henry Kemmis, Esq., while Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin

His Successors, being Assistant Barristers for the County of Dublin -

The present Assistant Barrister of the County of

Tipperary

His Successors (as long as the said County shall not be

divided into Ridings under this Act)

County of Cork His Successors

<£*900 per Annum.

- i?800 per Annum.

- <£*1, 600 per Annum.

The present Assistant Barrister to the East Riding of the

- <£*1,000 per Amnum.

- £ 1, 200 per Annum.

- £ 1,000 per* Annum.

County of Division of -

to wit.

A.B., of in the County of

[Addition of Plaintiff], Plaintiff.

C.D., of County of

[Addition of Defendant], Defendant.

SCHEDULE C.

(1>

Civil Bill Process in Replevin.

By the Assistant Barrister the said County.

The Defendant is hereby required personally to appear before the said. Assistant Barrister at on the Day of next, to answer the

Plaintiff's Bill in an Action for the Sum of for

at the Sessions for

in the ^at ^le Defendant, upon the Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and at

in the said County and Division, wrongfully and unjustly seized, took, and distrained the Goods and Chattels of the said Plaintiff, to wit.

Cows, Horses [as the Case may be], and wrongfully detained same in

and upon the Plaintiff's House [or Lands, or as the Case may be], situate as aforesaid, for £ alleged to be due and owing for

Years Rent for said House [or Lands, as the Case may be] ending on the Day of to the said Defendant C.D., as Landlord of the said House [or Lands, as the Case may be], to the Plaintiff's Damage, in the said Sum of or in default thereof the Assistant Barrister will pro-

ceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff Aa

300

Cap. 57 *

Civil Bilk, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

(2.)

Order of Replevin.

The Sheriff of the County of is hereby required, without Delay,

to cause to be replevied to A.B, (if he shall give sufficient Security), the Goods and Chattels which C.D. unjustly detains.

Signed the Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Y.Z.y Clerk of the Peace for the said County of

County of 1 Know all Men by these Presents, that we, A.B.

Division of > of [Tenant] and C.D. and E.F. [Sureties,]

to wit. J are and each of us is jointly and severally held and

firmly bound to Y.Z., Sheriff of the County of in the Sum of

of lawful British Money, to be paid to the said Sheriff, or his certain Attorney, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for which Payment well and truly to be made we bind ourselves, our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and each and every of us binds himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents.

Sealed with our Seals and dated this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

The Condition of the above-written Obligation is such, that if the above-bounden A.B. do prosecute his Suit against G.H. of in the Court of the Assistant Barrister for the said County of at the Sessions

which will be held for the said County and Division in the Month of next, for the taking and unjustly detaining of his Goods and Chattels, to wit [specify the Goods and Chattels] or do return all the said Goods and Chattels to the said G.H., his Exeecutors or Administrators, then the above-written Obligation shall be void, otherwise the same shall be and remain in full force and virtue.

(4-)

Form of a Decree for Defendant in case of Distress.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the said County.

It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of Damages on account of the Goods and Chattels of the Plaintiff having been improperly distrained, and it appearing to the Court that the Distress in dispute was not improperly made, it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court that the Defendant do recover from the Plaintiff the Sum of for Rent due, and for Costs;

and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties in Ireland are hereby commanded to take in execution the [Body or Goods] of the said Plaintiff to satisfy the same.

County of Division of

to wit. Plaintiff.

Defendant.

i

Dated

1851.

Dated tUt hundred and

Civil Sills, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 5%. 371

Day of in the Year One thousand eight

... JE.F.y Assistant Barrister for said County. G.H.y Clerk of the Peace for said County. IK., Attorney for Defendant.

[Sheriff's Warrant to be added."]

(5.)

Plaintiff.

Defendant.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

Form of a Decree for Payment of Damages for improper Distress.

County of Division of

to wit.

Ilt appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of Damages on account of the Goods and Chattels of the Plaintiff having been improperly distrained by the Defendant, and it appearing to the Court that the Distress in dispute was improperly made, or that the Amount due at the Time of the Distress, with reasonable Costs of Distress, had been duly tendered [as the Fact may be], it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court that the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the Sum of for Damages and Costs; and the several

Sheriffs of the respective Counties of Ireland are hereby commanded to take in execution the [Body or Goods] of the said Defendant to satisfy the same.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County. G.H.y Clerk of the Peace for said County. l.K.y Attorney for Plaintiff.

[Sheriff's Warrant to be added."]

(6.)

Civil Bill Process for Legacy or distributive Share of Assets.

1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for twit. J the said County.

in the

A.B. of County of

[Addition of Plaintiff]) Plaintiff.

C.D. of the County of [Addition of Defendant], Defendant.

in

The Defendant is hereby required personally to appear before the said Assistant Barrister at on the Day of

next, to answer the Plaintiffs Bill in an Action " for the Sum of for that the Defendant,

as Executor [or Administrator, as the Case may be] of A.B. deceased, is justly liable to pay the Plaintiff the Sum of as a Legacy [or distributive Share of Assets, or other Cause of Action, as the Case may be] due

and payable to the Plaintiff under the Will of the said-4.2?., [or upon the

Distribution of the Assets of the said A.B^ as the Case may be]y to the

Plaintiffs Damages in the said Sum of or in default thereof the

Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

CjiOO^Ic Dated

372 . Cap. 57. Ciml Bills, £c. (Ireland.) 14 & 13 Yldfc

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaistiff

(70

Form of a Decree for Payment of a Legacy.

County of Division of

to wit.

A.B.

Plaintiff.

C.D.

Defendant

8ai<

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against Defendant, as Executor of A.B., for Recovery of the Sum of [here state the Cause of Action, as in Civil Bill], and it appearing to the Court that is due to the Plaintiff for his

Legacy, and that the Defendant ought to pay the same, and the Costs of this Civil Bill [or Part of the same, as the Case may fte], it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the said Sum of together with Costs; and the Sheriffs of the several Counties in Ireland are hereby commanded to take in execution the [Body or Goods] of the said Defendant to satisfy the said Debt and Costs.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Legacy, £

Costs

Warrant

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County. (?.//., Clerk of the Peace for said County. I.K., Attorney for the Plaintiff

[Sheriff's Warrant to be added.']

County of Division of

to wit. Plaintiff

Defendant.

(8.)

Form of a Decree for Payment of a distributive Portion of the Assets

of an Intestate.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Session for said County.

It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendant for Recovery of the Sum of for his

distributive Portion as One of the next of Kin of the Assets of of who died intestate, and it appearing to the Court that the Plain-

tiff is One of the next of Kin of the said and entitled to

and that the Defendant is the Administrator of the said and

that the Defendant has in his Hands of the Assets of the said a Sum sufficient to pay the Plaintiff's Demand [or Part of same, as the Case may be\ it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from Defendant the said Sum of together

with

1C

1851. Civil Bttky Sfc. (Ireland.) Cap. 57. 373

with Costs; and the Sheriffs of the several Counties in Ireland

are hereby commanded to take in execution the [Body or Goods] of the mid Defendant to satisfy the said Debt and Costs.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Distributive Share, £

Costs

Warrant

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County* G.H., Clerk of the Peace for said County. I.K., Attorney for Plaintiffl [Sheriff's Warrant to he added."]

(9.)

Form of Civil Bill to be served upon the Defendant in ordinary Cases.

County of Division of

to wit.

i

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the said County.

A3. of

in the County of [Residence and Addition of Plaintiff],

Plaintiff.

C.D. of

in the County of [Residence and Addition of Defendant],

Defendant. Dated this eight hundred and

The Defendant is hereby required personally to appear before the said Assistant Barrister at on the Day of

to answer the Plaintiff's Bill for [state the Cause of Action], or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Day of in the Year One thousand

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiffl

(10.)

Form of the Certificate of the Clerk of the Peace\ as to the Lodgment of Money by a Defendant for Bent and Costs in a Civil Bill Ejectment Case.

County of II hereby certify, That A.B., of

I Defendant in this Cause, has [or have] this Day Division of | deposited with me the Sum of for

J Bent, and for Costs.

Plaintiff [to be here stated" and described as in the Civil Bill].

Defendant [to be here stated and described as

Given under my Hand, this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and.

in the Civil Bill]. J

F.G., Clerk of the Peace for the County of

or Deputy.

Aa 3

Cap. 57.

Givil Bilk, frt(Ireland.)

14 & 15 VICT.

(11.)

Form of Acknowledgment by Occupiers of Lands recovered in Ejectment upon the Execution of a Civil Bill Decree for Delivery of Possession, where the Parties do not agree to an Attornment as Tenants.

Whereas A.B. of hath lately obtained a Civil Bill Decree

for the Lands and Tenements in the respective Tenancy or Occupation of the Persons under-named respectively amongst other Lands and Tenements.

Now we, whose Names are hereunder subscribed, upon the Execution of the Decree in the said Cause, with the Assent of the said A.B. [or the Attorney for the Plaintiff] in the said Cause, testified by the said Attorney for the Plaintiff signing these Presents, do hereby severally and respectively acknowledge that we respectively hold or occupy the Lands and Tenements now in our respective Occupation, as hereunder specified, by the Leave and Licence, and for and on behalf of, and at the Will of the said A.B., and that we will severally and respectively, when required by the said A.B., or his authorized Agent or Receiver, deliver up to the said A.B., or his authorized Agent or Receiver, the Possession of the said Lands and Premises in our respective Occupation, as set opposite to our respective Names in the Schedule hereunder written. (Provided always, that if the said Lands and Premises shall, in due Course of Law be redeemed, these Presents shall henceforth be void.)

As witness our Hands this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

Occupiers Names. Farm or Lauds.

C.D. - Blackacre.

E.F. - Whiteacre.

G- - - House and Garden in Whiteacre [or as the Case may be\.

Witness, I.K., Attorney for the Plaintiff L.M., Sheriff or Sheriff's Officer.

(12.)

Form of a Civil Bill to be used where the Tenant has deserted the Premises.

County of Division of

Plaintiff.

Defendant.

And whereas the Sum of

1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions J of the Peace for the said Division of the said County. Whereas the Defendant holds all that and those in the Parish of and Barony of

and in the said Division of in

the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff P under a Demise thereof made the Day of the Year of our Lord One thousand eight

J hundred and for the Term of

which is still in being, at the yearly Rent of

for Rent of the said Premises,

finding

18fil. CM Bills, frc. (Ireland*) Cap. 57. 37:6

ending on the Day of last past, became and was due

by the said Defendant to the said Plaintiff, and still remains so

due after all fair and just Allowances whatsoever: And whereas the said Defendant, on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and deserted the said Premises and aban-

doned the same, and did not leave sufficient Distress thereon to countervail the Rent so due for the same, and such sufficient Distress cannot be had to countervail the Rent so due The Defendant is therefore hereby

required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in the Division aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day of next at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there bolden

for said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff.

B.F., Attorney.

To the Defendant. [Residence of Attorney.]

(13.)

Form of a Civil Bill to be used where the Tenants Interest is determined, and Possession has been demanded by the Landlord in Person.

}By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

- Whereas One of the Defendants, lately

held all that and those in the Parish of

and Barony of and in the

Division of aforesaid, in the said County,

as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demise thereof made the Day of in the Year of our

Lord One thousand eight hundred and for the Term of at the yearly Rent

of which Demise determined on the

Day of last, by:

And whereas the said Plaintiff, after the Determination of the said Demise, to wit, on the Day of now last past, duly demanded the

Possession of the said Premises, and a Delivery of the said Possession to him; and the said Possession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several Defendants are respectively in possession of the Premises, and no other Person is in possession of any Part thereof. The Defendant, therefore, and all Persons claiming to have any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in the said Division of aforesaid, in the said County,

on the Day of next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then

and there holden for the said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiff 's Bill brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by

t reason

County of Division of

Plaintiff.

Defendants.

876 Cup. 57. Civil Bdh, frc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15Vitf&

reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff.

E. F.j Attorney.

To the Defendant. [Residence of Attorney.]

(14.)

Form of a Civil Bill where the Tenant's Interest is determined, and Possession has been demanded by a Bailiff or Receiver.

County of By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions

Division of of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

Whereas One of the Defendants lately

held all that and those in the Parish of

Plaintiff. and Barony of and in the

Division of aforesaid, in the said County* as

Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demise made thereof Defendants. the Day of in the Year of our

Lord One thousand eight hundred and for the Term of at the yearly Rent of

which Demise determined on the Day of lost past

by: And whereas the Bailiff and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, after the Determination of the said Demise, to wit, on the Day of now last past, duly demanded the Possession

of the said Premises, and a Delivery of the said Possession to him as such Bailiff and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, and the said Possession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several Defendants are respectively in possession of the Premises, and no other Person is in possession of any Part thereof. The Defendants, therefore, and all Persons having or claiming any Interest in the Premises in question, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in

the Division of aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day

of next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said Division of the said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff.

E.F., Attorney.

[Residence of Attorney.]

Civil Bills, &c.(Irelemd.)

Cap. 67.

SM

(!$)

Form of a Civil Bill to be used where a Yearns Rent is in arrear. County of Division of

1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions J of the Peace for the said Division of said County.

Plaintiff.

Defendants.

for the Term of

Whereas One of the Defendants, holds

that and those with the Appurtenances,

situate, lying, and being in the Parish of and Barony of and in the Division of

aforesaid in the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff under a Demise thereof

made the Day of in the Year of

our Lord One thousand eight hundred and which is not yet expired, at the yearly Rent of payable in equal Gales, on every during the said

Term for as Tenant from Year to Year, at the yearly Rent of £ payable bn every Day of and Day of

in each and every Year]: And whereas the Sum of for Rent of the said Premises, ending on the Day of last past, became and

was due by the said Defendant to the said Plaintiff, and thereof,

being One full Year's Rent still remains due thereon: [And whereasgJlSTfT*-

the several other Defendants respectively are in actual Possession of the Pre- 5£?rtJ^lr mises, or have respectively Interests therein, under Deeds and Instruments duly registered, and creating such Interests respectively, and no other Person, Bracket *, save the Defendants, or some of them, is in such Possession, or appear to have any such Interest:]

The Defendants, therefore, and all Persons having or claiming any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the Baid Assistant Barrister, at in the Division of

aforesaid in the said County, on the Day of next, at

a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiffs Bill, brought by him for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff.

E.F., Attorney.

To the Defendant. [Residence of Attorney.]

(16.)

County of

Division of

Plaintiff.

Form of Ejectment against a permissive Occupant

}By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

Whereas the said Plaintiff, on the Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and delivered to the said Defendant

"all that and those [Premises, stating Locality, A*c.] to be by him the said Defendant occupied or taken care of as Servant [or Caretaker or permissive Occupant, or strictly at the Will of the Plaintiff or at sufferance, as the Case

may

Defendant.

378

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

maybe. or in Words of Act] for the said Plaintiff at [state Wages, if any]: And whereas the said Plaintiff, on the Day of

required the said Defendant to depart from the said Premises, and deliver up same to the said Plaintiff, but the said Defendant refused or omitted so to do, and hath since the said Day kept the Possession of said Premises from said Plaintiff, and continues so to do. The Defendant therefore is hereby required personally to appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in the Division of aforesaid, in the said County, to answer the

Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for the withholding of the Possession of the said Premises in manner aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff.

E.F., Attorney.

To the Defendant. [Residence of Attorney.]

(17.)

orm of Civil Bill to redeem.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

Whereas the Defendant did, on the Day of last, prefer a Civil Bill before

the said Assistant Barrister of the said County against the said Plaintiff, to obtain

the Possession of all that and those [here describe the Premises sought to be redeemed accurately ], which said Premises are situate, lying, and being in [idescribe the Locality] held by the Plaintiff as Tenant to the said Defendant, under a Demise thereof made the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and for the

Term of from the Day of then next, at

the yearly Rent of Sterling, [or, as Tenant from Year to Year

to the Defendant at the yearly Rent of Sterling, as the Case may

be]: And whereas by the Decree of the said Assistant Barrister, at a Sessions of the Peace held at in and for the said County of

it was decreed that the said Defendant should be put into possession of the said Premises: And whereas the said Defendant, on the Day of

last, duly obtained Possession of the said Premises, under and by virtue of the said Decree: And whereas the said Plaintiff did, on the Day of last, tender to the said Defendant, for the Purpose of redeeming said Premises, the full Rent and Costs due out of said Premises under said Decree, amounting to the Sum of fur Rent and for Costs, amounting in the whole to the Sum of

which Sums, at all Times, and ever since said Tender, the said Plaintiff has had ready, and is now ready to pay to him the said Defendant. Therefore the said Defendant is hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in the Division aforesaid.

in

County of Division of

to wit.

A.B. of

Plaintiff.

C.D. of

Defendant.

Cftp* 57.

879

1851.

Civil Bilk, $r. (Ireland.)

in the said County, on the Day of next, at a

Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said Division of the said County, to answer this the said Plaintiff's Bill, preferred for the Purpose of being restored to the Possession of the said Premises by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister [or Chairman, as the Case may he] will proceed as to Justice will appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff.

(18.)

Form of a Decree where the Civil Bill is grounded on the Desertion of the

Premises.

County of Division of

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the County of

Plaintiff \ It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff caused a

Defendants J Civil Bill to be filed against the Defendant, praying to

be put into Possession of situate, lying, and being in the Parish

of and in the Barony of and County of

containing or thereabouts, in the Possession of the Defendant, which

Civil Bill was brought on the ground that the Tenant had deserted the said Premises; and it appearing by the Certificate of and

Esquires, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for said County, that they had together gone to and viewed said Premises, and that the same were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress thereon sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent then due thereout; upon due Proof thereof, and that Process on said Civil Bill, and also a Copy of said Certificate, was duly served, requiring the Defendant to appear at these present Sessions, to answer said Bill; and it appearing that being Year's Rent of said Premises, was justly

due and owing by Defendant to Plaintiff, after all fair and just Allowances, and that said Premises were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress on the same to satisfy said Rent; it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court that the Plaintiff be put into the Possession of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession thereof; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court that the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds Shillings and

pence Costs; and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the [Body or Goods, as the Case may be, -\ of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs.

Dated at this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

Witness present,

JS.F.9 Assistant Barrister for said County.

G.H., Clerk of the Peace for said County.

I.K., Attorney for the Plaintiff.

380 Cap. 57. CM1 Bills, $r. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 ViCr *

Form of the Sheriffs Warrant on the above Decree to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff9$ Nomination.

County of II authorise and empower and or to wit. J either of them, and their Assistants, special Bailiffs, at

the Plaintiffs Peril to execute the above Decree.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the

Year One thousand eight hundred and

L.M., Sheriff for the said County.

(Seal)

(19.)

Form of a Decree where the Civil Bill is grounded on the overholding

of the Tenant

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the County

1 It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff caused a J Civil Bil

County of Division

Plaintiff

Defendants J Civil Bill to be filed against the Defendant, praying to be put into the Possession of situate in the Parish of

and Barony of and County of containing or

thereabouts, in the Possession of the ^Defendant, which Civil Bill was brought on the ground that the Tenant overheld the said Premises; and it appearing to the Court that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendants and all others having or claiming to have Interest in the Premises in the said Bill mentioned to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill; and it appearing that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff at the yearly Bent of and that Defendant's Interest

determined on the Day of last, by a Notice

to quit, heretofore served on the Defendant, requiring him to deliver up the Possession thereof to Plaintiff on the said Day of

last, [or setting forth any other Mode of Determination, as the Case may be, -\ notwithstanding which the Defendant refused to deliver up the Possession thereof to Plaintiff though demanded; it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff be put into the Possession thereof; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds

Shillings and pence Costs, and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within the Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the [Body or Goods, as the Case may for,] of the Defendant to satisfy the said Costs.

Dated at this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and -

W; xnftM, E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County.

Witness present, <?./ *, Clerk of the Peace for said County.

LK.y Attorney for the Plaintiff.

lS5h

381

Civil 1 Bills, fre. (Ireland.) Cap. 57;

Form of Sheriff's Warrant on the above Decree to a special Bailiff of the Plaintiffs Nomination.

County of II authorize and empower and or to wit. J either of them, and their Assistants, special Bailiffs,

at the Plaintiff's Peril, to execute the above Decree.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of in

the Year One thousand eight hundred and

{Seal.) L.M.y Sheriff for the said County.

(20.)

No. Form of a Decree where the Civil Bill is grounded on Nonpayment

of Rent.

County of 1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for

Division of the County of

Plaintiff 1 It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff

Defendant > caused a Civil Bill to be filed against the Defendant, praying to be put into Possession of situate, lying, and

being in the Parish of and Barony of and

County of containing by Estimation

or thereabouts, in the Possession of the Defendant, which Civil Bill was brought on the ground that a Year's Rent was in arrear and unpaid; and it appearing to the Court that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendant and all others having or claiming to have Interest in the Premises in said Bill mentioned to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill; upon due Proof thereof, and that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff at the yearly Rent of and that the Defendant was indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being for One whole Year's Rent and Arrear of Rent of said Premises, due and ending the Day of last, after all just and fair

Allowances; it is therefore ordered by the Court, that the Plaintiff be put into the Possession of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession thereof; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds

Shillings and pence Costs; and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the [Body or Goods, as the Case may fc] of the Defendant to satisfy the said Costs.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Witness present, E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County.

G.H., Clerk of the Peace for said County.

I.K.y Attorney for the Plaintiff

Form of the Sheriffs Warrant on the above Decree to a special Bailiff of the

Plaintiffs Nomination.

County of II authorize and empower and

to wit J or either of them, and their

Assistants, special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril, to execute the above Decree.

Given

Cap.

Given under my Hand and Seal this the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Civil BiQs, £c. (Ireland.)

Day of

14 & 15 Vicrri.

in

(Seal)

L.M., Sheriff for the said County.

(21.)

Form of a Decree for Recovery of Lands.

County of Division of

to wit.

A.B.

Plaintiff.

C.D>

Defendant, tiff is entitled to the sail

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for said County.

It appearing to the Court that Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be brought against Defendant for Recovery of [here state the Cause of Action, as in Civil Bill], and it appearing to the Court that the Plain-it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant the said together with Costs; and the Sheriff for the said County of is hereby commanded to take possession of the said

and deliver up the same to the Plaintiff; and the said Sheriff is also hereby commanded to take in Execution the [Body or Goods] of the said Defendant to satisfy the said Costs.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

E.F., Assistant Barrister.

G.H., Clerk of the Peace.

LK., Attorney of the Plaintiff

[Sheriff's Warrant to be added.]

Form of Warrant for Costs in Ejectment Cases.

C.D.

Plaintiff.

E.F.

Defendant.

Whereas a Decree for Possession has been pronounced in this Cause; I do hereby authorize the Sheriff of this County to levy the Sum of being the Amount of the Costs given in said Action.

(22.)

Form of Decree against a permissive Occupant.

County of By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions of the

Division of County of

1 It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff Plaintiff. caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the De-

fendant, praying to be put into the Possession of [Premises'] situate, lying, and being in the Parish Defendant. of Barony of and County of

J which were occupied by the said De-

fendant by Permission of the Plaintiff, as Caretaker or Servant to the Plaintiff [or as permissive Occupant, or strictly at the Will of the Plaintiff, or at sufferance, as the Case mag be, or in Words of Act, $*c.], and hath refused to

depart

1851.

383

Civil Bills, SfC. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

depart from same on Demand by the said Plaintiff to that Effect, but continues to hold the Possession thereof from the said Plaintiff; and it appearing to the Court that the said Defendant was so appointed Caretaker [or Servant, or permissive Occupant, &c., as before,] as aforesaid, and refused to deport from said Premises, on Demand by said Plaintiff to that Effect, but continues to hold the Possession thereof from said Plaintiff; it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff be put into possession of the said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession thereof; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff do recover from the said Defendant Costs, and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the [Body or Goods, as the Case may be'] of the Defendant to satisfy the said Costs.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Witness present, A.B., Assistant Barrister.

C.D., Clerk of the Peace.

E.F., Attorney for Plaintiff.

(23.)

Form of Civil Bill Decree for restoring Possession to a Tenant who has been ejected, and has tendered Rent and Costs, &c.

County of By the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of said DMsion of J County.

Plaintiff 1 It appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff

Defendant. J caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the

Defendant, praying to be restored to the Possession of all that and those [describe Premises, Barony, Parish, , fyc. c.from the Civil Bill] now in possession of said Defendant under and by virtue of a Decree in Ejectment against said Plaintiff, dated the Day of and which said Decree in

Ejectment was had and obtained against the said Plaintiff for Nonpayment of [state Rent, &c., as in Decree in Ejectment, and Period of Time for which it occurred due]; and it appearing further to the Court, that the said Plaintiff tendered to the said Defendant the aforesaid Sum of for

said Bent, and also the Sum of for Costs of said Decree in

Ejectment and Proceedings thereon, on the Day of being

within the Period for paying same, so as to entitle the said Plaintiff to be restored to his Interest theretofore subsisting in said Lands and Premises in said Decree in Ejectment mentioned, and also to be restored to the Possession of same; and it appearing to the Court that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendant to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Civil Bill, whereupon due Proof thereof, and the said Plaintiff having duly lodged in Court the Sum of aforesaid, it is therefore

ordered by the Court, that the Decree for Possession, bearing Date the Day of is hereby vacated; and it is further decreed,

that,

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, £c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

that the said Plaintiff in this Case be restored to his former Interest in the said Lands and Premises, and also be put into possession of the same; and the Sheriff of the said County is hereby commanded to pat

the Plaintiff into possession thereof.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

A.B., Assistant Barrister.

C.D., Clerk of the Peace.

E.F.y Attorney for Plaintiff.

(24.)

Magistrate's Certificate.

County of \ We and Two

to wit. J of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for said

County, having been called upon by and at his Request having

together gone to and viewed all that Part of the Lands of situate, lying, and being in the Parish of and Barony of

and County of in the Possession of

as Tenant thereof, containing Acres Roods and

Perches, or thereabouts, on the Day of

between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day, do certify that the Premises aforesaid then appeared to us to be deserted and left unoccupied by the said and that

there is not any Distress on the same sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent, being [One Half Year's] Rent, ascertained by the Affidavit of A.B., the Landlord thereof [or the Bailiff of the Landlord thereof, as the Case mag be'], now duo thereout after all just and fair Allowances.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in

the Year One thousand eight hundred and

To the Assistant Barrister (Seal.)

for the County of (Seal.)

Witness present.

(25.)

Affidavit of Rent to enable the Magistrates to grant the above Certificate.

County of 1

to wit. J Landlord [or Bailiff to the Landlord, as the Case

may be] of the Lands and Tenements herein-after mentioned, maketh Oath and saith, that of in the County of is justly

and fairly indebted to in the Sum of being for

[a Year's] Rent of his Holding in all that Part of the Lands of [describing it as in Civil Bill] held by him under due and ending the

Day of last, after all just and fair Allowances; and Deponent

saith, that the said Sum or any Part thereof hath not been tendered or paid to by the said, or by any Person or Persons on his

Behalf.

Sworn before me this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Civil Bill *, Ife. (Ireland.)

Cap. 57.

385

(26.)

Form of a Decree in ordinary Cases.

No.

County of Division of

i

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the County of

A A of

in the County of [here insert the Addition or Occupation of Plaintiff or Ptaintiffs] Plaintiff[s]. C.D. of

in the County of [here insert the Addition or Occupation of Defendant or Defendants] Defendant^].

It appearing to the Court that Process to appear at this present Session was duly served on the Defendant's], and that the Defendants] is [or are] justly indebted to the Plaintiff[s] in the Sum of Pounds Shillings and

- pence for [here state the Cause of Action from the Process], it is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff [s] do recover from the Defendants] the said Sum together with Shillings and pence Costs;

and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to enter the same, and take in Execution the [Body or Goods, as the Case may £e,] of the Defendants] to satisfy the said Debt and Costs.

Dated . this

thousand eight hundred and

Debt

Interest

Costs

Warrant

Day of

in the Year One

F. F., Assistant Barrister for said County.

G. H.y Clerk of the Peace for the said County. I.K., Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Form of the Sheriff's Warrant on the Decree to a special Bailiff of Plaintiff's

Nomination.

County of 1 I authorize and empower A.B. of

to wit / and C.D. of or cither of them, and the?r

Assistants, special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril, to execute the above Decree. - Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

(Seal.) L.M.y Sheriff of the said County.

Bb

386 Cap. 57. Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

(27.)

Form of a Dismiss.

By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the said County.

Whereas it appeared to the Court that the Plaintiff[s] caused the Defendants] to be served with Process to appear here this present Session for the Recovery of the Sum of alleged to be due for [here state the Cause of Action from the Copy of the Process served], and that the Plaintiff [sT hath or have failed to prove [his, her, their] said Debt, or any Part thereof, it is therefore decreed by the Court, that the Plaintiff's Bill be and the same is hereby dismissed, and that the Defendantfs] do recover against the Plaintiff [s] the Sum of Costs of this Dismiss;

and the several Sheriffs in Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their respective Bailiwicks, to enter the same, and take in Execution the Plaintiff's [Body or Goods] to satisfy and pay the Defendants] the said Cost of obtaining this Dismiss.

No.

County of Division of A.B. of

in the County of {here insert the Addition or Occupation of the Plaintiff or Plan tiffs].

Plaintiff

C, D. of

in the County of [here insert the Addition or Occupation of the Defendant or Drfendants], Defendant

Dated at this

thousand eight hundred and

Day of

in the Year One

E.FAssistant Barrister of said County. G.H., Clerk of the Peace of said County. IK., Attorney for the Defendant^].

Form of the Sheriffs Warrant on such Dismiss.

County of "II authorize and empower A.B. of

to wit J and CD. of or either of them, and their

Assistants, special Bailifik, at the Defendant's Peril, to execute the above Dismiss.

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

(Seal) L.M., Sheriff of the said County.

(28.)

Form of a Decree against Defendant when the Debt or Damages are made

payable by Instalments.

County of Upon the hearing of this Cause at a Civil Bill

Division of Court holden at on the Day of

it is decreed that the said Plaintiff do in the recover against the said Defendant the Sum of Plaintiff for his Debt [or Damages by him

in the sustained] together with the Costs of Suit amount-De- j ing to the Sum of by Instalments

to wit.

A.B. of County of C.D. of County of fendant.

J of £

Instalment to be made upon the Second Instalment to be made on the

for each Instalment, the First Day of next; the

Day of

next;

Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland1)

Cap. 57.

387

next; and the Third Instalment, &c. [as the Case may be, following the Direct Hon of this Form, in proportion to the Number of Instalments decreed], such Payments to be made by the said Defendant to the said Plaintiff,

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and . J£F., Assistant Barrister.

G.H, Clerk of the Peace.

J.K., Attorney for Plaintiff

(29.)

Form of Civil Bill for the Arrest of Defendant for a Debt under £10. County of 1 By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions

Division of J of the said County,

A.B. of County of [Residence and Plaintiff[s] ], Plaintiff CD. of County of

dence and Addition )efendant[s.]

in the

fendant[s]

Dd

Addition of

in the [Resi-of De-

The Defendant^] is [or are] hereby required personally to appear before the said Assistant Barrister at on the

Day of to answer the

Plaintiffs Bill, and to show Cause why Exe cution or Process of Arrest [or a Committal] should not issue against the Person of the Defendant, under or in respect of a certain Decree [or Order] of the Court of bearing Date the Day of

had and obtained by the said Plaintiff[s] against the said Defendants] for the Payment of the Sum of by the said Defendant [s] in a certain

Action [or Suit], for [state the former Cause of Action, or Nature of the former Action, or that the Claim is for Costs, as the Case may ie]; and which said Sum of the said Plaintiff[s] has for have] been unable to

recover from the said Defendant, or out of the Goods and Chattels of the Defendant.

Or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and »

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff[s].

(30.)

Form of a Decree for Arrest or Execution against the Person or a Committal.

°^c By the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions

°tfo for the said County.

ALB. of in the County of

[Residence and Addition of Pkxntiff\s]9

Plaintiff[8].

CD. of

in the County of

[Residence and Addition of

Defendant[s],

Defendants].

It appearing to the Court that the Plainr tiff[s] caused a Civil Bill to be brought against the Defendants] requiring him [or them] to show Cause why Execution or Process of Arrest [or a Committal] should not issue against die Person of the Defendants], under and in respect of a certain Decree [or Order] of the Court of bearing Date the

Day of had and obtained

by the said Plaintiff[s] against the said De-Bb 2 v_ fendants,]

388

Cap. 57. Civil Bills, frc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

fendant[s], for the Payment of the Sum of by the said Defen-

dant^], in a certain Action [or Suit] for [state the former Cause of Action or Claim], and which said Sum of the said Plaintiff[s] had been

unable to recover from the said Defendants] or out of the Goods and Chattels of the Defendant ].

And it appearing to the Court that the said Plaintiff[8] i* [or are] entitled to the said Execution [or Decree or Order] to be executed against the Person of the Defendant^], [or to have the said Defendant[s] committed for ].

It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court here, that the said Plain-tifFTs] have Execution against the Person of the said Defendant^] for the said Sum of together with Shillings and

pence Costs ' [or that the said Defendants] be committed to the Gaol of for the Period of as the Case may be];

and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties in Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to entfer the same, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies] of the Defendants], to satisfy the said Sum of Pounds and Costs [or take the Body or

Bodies] of the said Defendant^], and commit the said Defendants] to Custody in the Gaol of for the Period of unless the said Sum of

and Costs be sooner paid.

Dated at this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

£ s. d.

Debt or Demand -

Interests -

Costs -

Warrant -

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County.

G.H., Clerk of the Peace.

, I.K., Attorney for Plaintiff.

(31.)

Form of a Recognizance on the Defendant's appealing from a Decree.

No.

County of

to wit A.B. of

[ihere describe the Plaintiff as in the Cause],

Plaintiff1.

C.D. of

[here describe the Defendant as in the Cause],

Defendant.

It.M. of in the County of

acknowledges self to be indebted to the Plaintiff^] hi the Sum of and

NO. of* P.Q of

acknowledge themselves to be jointly and severally indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

The Condition of the foregoing Beoopni-zance is such, that if the Defendants] do prosecute [his, her, their] Appeal to the Decree in this Cause at the next General Assizes to be held in and for the County of and pay such Debt and Costs as sh:dl k

awarded against the said Defendant^], then the above Recognizances to be void, otherwise to remain in full force and virtue.

E.F., Clerk of the Peace for said County.

Taken

1851.

389

Civil Bilk, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Taken and acknowledged before me this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

G.H., Assistant Barrister for said County.

The Form of the Recognizance when the Plaintiff shall appeal from a Dismiss to he the same, mutatis mutandis, as the above.

(32.)

Form of Affidavit of Attorney on Appeal, and Form of a Recognizance on appealing from a Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Assistant Barrister, pursuant to this Act, to be acknowledged before such Assistant Barrister.

No.

County of Division of A.B. of

[here describe the Plain tiffs as in the Cause], Plaintiff!

C.D of

[here describe the Defendant in like Manner], Defendant.

i

E.F., Attorney for the [Defendant, Plaintiff,] in this Cause, raaketh Oath and saith, that he believes that the Appeal intended to be lodged in this Cause is not made or to be made for the Purpose of Delay, but that there is, as he believes, probable Cause of reversing the [Decree, Dismiss,] made in this Cause.

Sworn before me this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

G.H., Assistant Barrister for the said County.

(33.)

Form of Affidavit or Affirmation for a Renewal of a Decree, and of a Dismiss.

No. 1 I A.B. of in the County of

County of [* [here state the Addition or Occupation of the Person

Division of J swearing or affirming]. One of the Parties [or Per-

sonal Representative of C.D., One of the Parties] in a Cause in which the annexed [Decree or Dismiss] was pronounced, and the Sum of thereby ordered to be recovered, and in which Cause of

was [or were] PlaintiffTs] and of Defendant[s] do swear

[or if a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] that there is still remaining due and unpaid of the said Sum so ordered to be recovered the Sum of after all just Allowances [and if the Person swearing or affirming be a Party, as a Personal Representative of any other Person, or if he makes this Affidavit or Affirmation as Personal Representative to One of the Parties in the original Cause, add these Words], as he [or she] doth verily believe.

A.B. Sworn before me in open Court, this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County.

390 Cap# 57. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

Form of a Renewal to be printed or written on the same Sheet with the above Affidavit, and when the Affidavit shall be sworn to, and the same and Renewal signed by the Assistant Barrister, the said Affidavit or Affirmation is to be cut off and delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, and the Renewal to the Party entitled to it

No. 1 By the Assistant Barrister for the County of

County of J* at the Session of the Peace held at

Division of J in the said County.

Oath being made in open Court that there remains still due by the annexed [Decree or Dismiss] the Sum of it is therefore ordered

and decreed by the Court, that the same be and the same is hereby renewed for the said Sum, together with Costs of this Renewal,

and that the [Plaintiff or Defendant] shall have and recover from the [Defendant or Plaintiff] the same; and the several Sheriffe of the Counties and Cities of Ireland are hereby required, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, that they enter the same, and take in Execution the [Defendant^ or Plaintiff's] [Body, Goods] to satisfy and pay the said Sum and Costs.

Dated at the Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

E.F., Assistant Barrister for said County. G.H., Clerk of the Peace for said County. I.K., Attorney for the

Form of the Sheriffs Warrant on such Renewal to be the same as that above mentioned on a Decree, changing the Word Decree into Renewal, and in case it be the Renewal of a Dismiss, then changing the Words Plaintiffs Peril in the Warrant into Defendants Peril.

AM. ot

in the County of [hereinsert the Additionor Occupation of the Plain tiffs'],

Plaintiff[s].

C.D. of

in the County of [here insert the Addition or Occupation of the Defendants],

Defendant^.

(34.)

Form of Notice to renew a Decree, 8fC.

By the Chairman or Assistant Barrister for the County of

Whereas the said Plaintiff [s] at the Quarter Sessions for the said County held at on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and obtained a Decree

against the said Defendant [s] for the Sum of and also the Sum of as and for Costs. 2nd whereas [state Facts as to Death, or other Circumstances affecting Parties in original Decree]. And whereas there is still due and owing to the said Plaintiff^] on foot of the said Decree the Sum of The said Defendant [A.B. or C.D., as the Case

may be] is hereby required personally to appear before the said Assistant

Barrister

County of Division of

[All the Plaintiffs in original Decree to be inserted].

Plaintiffs.

[All Defendants in original Decree to be inserted], Defendants.

1851. Civil Bills, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 57.

Barrister as aforesaid, in the said County, on the

of as an Application will then and there be made to

the said Decree for the said Sum of

Signed by [or on behalf of] the Plaintiff.

SCHEDULE D.

FEES INJORDINARY CASES.

CounseTs Fees. £

To Plaintiff's Counsel in each Case of ordinary Civil Bill, when the Sum decreed shall exceed 51. and shall not exceed 201. - 0

Provided, that in all such Cases, when defended, no Fee to Counsel shall be charged as between Party and Party, if the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was not a fit Case for Counsel; and in all such Cases, when undefended, no such Fee shall be charged as between Party and Party, unless the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was a fit Case for Counsel.

And in all Cases where the Sum decreed shall exceed 20/. - - 1

To Defendant's Counsel, like Fees on Sum sued for: Provided, that in all Cases where the Sum sued for shall exceed 51 and shall not exceed 20/., and the Plaintiff shall enter his Process, and same shall be dismissed, no Fee shall be charged as between Party and Party if the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was not a fit Case for Counsel; and in all such Cases where the Plaintiff shall not enter his Process for Hearing, but the Defendant shall enter the Case for a Dismiss, and same shall be dismissed accordingly, no such Fee shall be charged, unless the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was a fit Case for Counsel.

Clerk of Peaces Fees.

To Clerk of Peace, ' upon the Entry of every Civil Bill - - 0

, , for signing the Decree or Dismiss - - 0

, , on entering and signing Renewal - - 0

, , for Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of

Appeal lodged, and entering Appeal with Judge's Register - - 0

, , for every Subpoena ad test, issued - - 0

, , for entering a Verdict - 0

Attorney's Fees.

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for drawing or signing Civil Bill - 0

, , for taking Instructions and attending

Hearing, and all Charges in Penalty Cases when Counsel not employed - 0

, , preparing Instructions for Counsel in *

like Cases - - 0

Bb 4

(391

Day

renew

t. d, 10 6

1 0

0 3 0 3 0 4

1 0

0 4

1 0

0 6

8 0 2 6

392 Cap- 57. Civil Bills, §*c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

To Plaintiff's Attorney, in all other Cases, for attending and

taking Instructions for Hearing, directing the necessary Proofs, entering the Civil Bill, for attending the Hearing (except in Ejectment, Replevin, and Legacy Cases), and preparing any Summons required for Witnesses, and every Notice to produce Documents, to require the Attendance of any Party, or for any other Purpose, and for all Charges in every Case when the Amount of Sum decreed shall not exceed 10/. -, , for same, where the Sum decreed shall

exceed 10/. and shall not exceed 20£

, , when the Sum decreed shall exceed 20/.

, , for drawing and signing Decree, or

Renewal -

, , drawing Instructions for Counsel, when

employed, when the Sum decreed shall not exceed 20/. and when the Sum decreed shall exceed 20/.

, , for drawing and signing the Affidavit

to obtain a Decree pro confesso, and filing the same -Defendant's Attorney, like Fees on Sum sued for.

To Defendant's Attorney for drawing up and signing a Dismiss -

£ s. dL

0 2 6

0 5 0 10 0

0 1 0

0 2 6 0 5 0

0 2 6 0 1 0

Fees on Appeals.

To Clerk of the Peace, upon the Hearing of each Appeal at Assizes 0 10 To Attorneys for the Parties respectively, the same Fees as allowed on Civil Bills in the Barrister's Court.

To Counsel - - -110

FEES IN CASES OF REPLEVIN.

To Counsel, where the Rent distrained for shall exceed 51. and shall not exceed 20/. - - -0 10 6

, where the Sum distrained for shall exceed 20/. - 1 1 0

To Clerk of the Peace, for Entry of Civil Bill for Hearing or

Dismiss - - 0 0 6

, , for signing Decree or Dismiss - - 0 0 6

, , for signing Renewal - 0 0 6

, , for Recognizance of Bail, and Certificate of Appeal lodged, and entering Appeal in the Judge's Register - - 0 1 0

, , for issuing Order to replevy, and entering Civil Bill thereon - - 0 1 6

Cap. 57.

393

Civil Bills, jfc. (Ireland.)

Attorney's Fees in Replevin.

To Plaintiff's Attorney, for preparing and signing the Process and

Copies -

, , for attending and taking Instructions in Re-

plevin Cases, attending the Hearing, and all Charges, exclusive of Instructions for Counsel, when employed, when Amount of Rent distrained for does not exceed 20/., , when it does exceed 20/.

, , preparing Instructions for Counsel, when

employed, and when Sum distrained for shall not exceed 20/.

, , when Sum distrained for shall exceed 20/.

, , for drawing up and 'signing Decree

To Defendant's Attorney, like Fees in both Cases.

, , for drawing up and signing Dismiss

Appeals.

To Attorneys for the Parties respectively, the same Fees on Appeals as on the Hearing before the Assistant Barrister.

To Counsel -

FEES IN LEGACY CASES.

To Plaintiff's Counsel, where Sum decreed shall exceed 5/. and shall not exceed 201 -

, , where the Sum decreed shall exceed 20£

To Defendant's Counsel, like Fees on Sum sued for.

Fees to Clerk of the Peace.

To Clerk of the Peace, for Entry of Civil Bill -

, , for signing Decree or Dismiss

, , for signing and entering any Renewal

, for any Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of Appeal lodged, and entering the Appeal in Judge's Register -

, , for Copy of any Inventory of Assets lodged

with him, and attesting same, per Folio of Ninety Words -

, , entering Verdict of a Jury

Attorney's Fees.

For taking Instructions, drawing or signing {he Civil Bill, reading Will, Probate, Administration, Deeds, or Documents, drawing all Notices or Summonses -

To Plaintiffs Attorney, for advising the Proofs and attending the Hearing, when the Sum decreed does not exceed 20/.

, , when Amount decreed exceeds 20L

Preparing Instructions for Counsel, when employed, and when Sum decreed shall not exceed 20/. -

when Sum decreed shall exceed 20/.

Drawing up and signing Decree -

To Defendant's Attorney, for taking Instructions, drawing all Notices, advising the Proofs, and attending the Hearing, when the Sum sued for shall not exceed 20/.

£ s. d. 0 2 6

0 8 0 1 0 0

0 2 6 0 5 0 0 10

0 1.0

1 1 0

0 10 6 1 1 0

0 0 6 0 0 6 0 0 6

0 10

0 0 4 0 10

0 2 6

0 10 6 1 0 0

0 2 6 0 5 0 0 10

0 10 6

Civil Bills, jrc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

) ) 99 for attending, drawing, and obtaining

the Magistrate s Certificate where the Proceeding is for the Recovery of Lands or Premises abandoned Drawing the Civil Bill, including Bill of Particulars of Rent due, and all Notices or Summonses -

To Plaintiffs Attorney, for every Copy thereof actually served or posted, for the First Copy - For every additional Copy -To Plaintiffs Attorney, for drawing Affidavit to verify the Ejectment, advising the Proofs, entering the Cause, and attending the Hearing -

To Defendant's Attorney, for taking Instructions, advising the Proofs, drawing all Notices or Summonses, and attending the Hearing To the Plaintiffs Attorney, for drawing any Decree and Affidavit, verifying the same, attending the Assistant Barrister to sign the same, and signing, drawing Costs between Party and Party, and attending the Barrister for Taxation thereof

1

G

0

0

To Defendant's Attorney, when Sum sued for shall exceed 201 -To Defendant's Attorney, for preparing Instructions for Counsel, when employed, and Sum sued for shall not exceed 20

where Sum sued for shall exceed 20/.

To Defendant's Attorney, for drawing and signing any Dismiss -

Appeals.

To Attorneys for the Parties respectively, the same Fees on Appeals as on the Hearing before the Assistant Barrister.

To Counsel - - - 1

FEES IN EJECTMENT CASES.

Counsels Fees.

To Plaintiff's Counsel, where Bent reserved shall exceed 5 and shall not exceed 20 L -

when Bent reserved shall exceed 20/.

To Defendant's Counsel, like Fees.

Fees to Clerk of the Peace.

To Clerk of Peace, upon the Entry of every Civil Bill Ejectment, , for signing, entering, and recording every Decree or Dismiss -

, , for signing and entering every Renewal

, ", for entering the Verdict of a Jury

, , for Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of

Appeal -

, , for each Inspection of the Book kept for the

Purpose of recording Decrees and Dismisses

Attorney's Fees in Ejectments.

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending taking Instruction in all

Ejectment Cases, reading over Leases, Deeds, Wills, or other Documents

s.

0

2

5

1

d.

0

6

0

0

1 0

0 10 6 1 1 0

0 1 6

0 1 0 0 0 6 0 1 0

0 1 0

0 16

0 6 8

0 10 0

0 2 6

0 2 6 0 10

1 1 0 1 1 0

-034

i m.

Civil Bills, gpc. (Ireland*)

Cap. 51.

To Defendant's Attorney, for drawing any Dismiss, drawing Costs between Party and Party, and attending to get same compared, signed, and taxed -

To preparing Instructions for Counsel, whenever Counsel is employed

Appeals.

To Attorneys for the Parties respectively, the same Fees on Appeals as on the Hearing before the Assistant Barrister.

To Counsel -

Clerk of the Peace in Cases of Insolvents.

On each Petition in Cases of Insolvent Debtors heard Assistant Barrister .....

#95

£ 8. d.

0

0

4

0

-110

before - 0

2 6

Process Server's Fees.

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

0

0

Serving Civil Bill where there is but One Defendant, or several Defendants residing in the same House - ...

For serving Two or more Defendants, not residing in the same Dwelling House .....

Sheriffs Fees.

For every special Warrant, save in Ejectment Cases, granted at the Peril of the Party r^uiring the same -

For returning a Jury in any Case

For giving Possession to any Party under a Civil Bill Ejectment or Redemption Decree, when he shall do so in Person -

For every special Warrant to give Possession as above, when he does not attend in Person - 1 -

To the Sheriff or special Bailiff to be appointed pursuant to this Act, for executing any Decree, Dismiss, or Order for any Sum not exceeding 1L .....

and 3 d. in the Pound on the Amount recovered under such Execution.

To the Sheriff or special Bailiff, in all Cases, for executing any Decree, Dismiss, or Order, by Arrest of the Person, upon lodging him in Gaol ...

To Sheriff or his Replevinger in drawing Affidavit of Value of Goods distrained in Replevin Cases, and in full of all Charges in relation to such Cases .....

To Keepers of Seizure under any Decree or Dismiss, the Fees, specified in Section 145 of this Act.

-110

- 0 2 6

- 0 1 0

-050

- 0 3 0

Provided that in all Cases of Ejectment, Replevin, and Distribution of Assets, where the Rent reserved. Rent distrained for, or Sum decreed, or (in case of Dismiss) the Sum sued for respectively, shall exceed 51 and shall not exceed 20I, and such Case shall be defended, no Fee to Counsel shall be charged as between Party and Party, if the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it is not a fit Case for Counsel; and in all such Cases, where undefended, no such Fee shall be charged unless the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was a fit Case for Counsel; and in all such Cases where the Plaintiff shall not enter his Process for Hearing, but the Defendant shall enter the Case for a Dismiss, and same shall be dismissed accordingly, no such Fee shall be charged, unless the Assistant Barrister shall certify that it was a fit Case for Counsel

Cap. 58.

Militia Pay.

H&15 VICT.

Secretary-at-War to issue the Money required for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made

" for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in ' Great Britain and Ireland, and for making in certain Oases

Allowances of Reduced Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, ' and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, while disembodied, ' and Allowances to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, Quarter- masters, and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia who have ' been or may be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and

Quartermasters disabled after long Service s' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, os follows:

I. The Secretary-at-War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Tenpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem: Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough or Licence he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And

185L

397

Militia Pay. Cap. 56.

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, and Three Pounds for each Serjeant, and so in proportion in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expense of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been sanctioned by the Secretary-at-War: Provided always, that such Serjeant Majors and Serjeants as were serving on the Disembodied Staff on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years; and that such as shall have been subsequently appointed to serve or promoted on the Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

II. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary-at-War; and every such Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. Every Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine.

IV. The Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Allowance of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money,

Clothing.

Contingent

Fund.

Adjutant, &e. to reside where the Secretary-at-War shall appoint. %

Adjutants and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties.

Adjutant to hare Charge of the Arms and Clothing, and to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Pune.

In Abaeoce of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons.

Bank of certain Officers.

Certain Persons not entitled to Allowances.

Cap. 68i Militia Pay, 14 & 15 ViU&

wad of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Parse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant; and the said Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. The Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland while disembodied, under certain RegulationsThe following Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein-after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was serving therein, when the Corps was last disembodied, and also to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland which was augmented during the War, and which has been reduced to its original Establishment; (that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act all Officers of the Militia seving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenants shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Rank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns; and that the Supernumerary Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons of Regiments of Militia in Ireland as aforesaid shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiments when they were last difr* embodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that Time.

VIII. Provided also, no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate

mi

Militia Pay,

C&pu

399

or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof.

IX. The Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant A Declaration Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of gndUe^ffice0 this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, pre- &c. to such vious to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves Allowances, thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of

Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the United Kingdom;

Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation* or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following 5 (videlicet,)

f J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I belonged to Form of De.

1 the of Militia when the same was disem- clarat"° '

bodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that ' Time until the Day of inclusive, as a

[Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon,

as the Case may be]; and that I was not, in my own Right or

in the Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive my Allowance, (that is to say,)

from the Day of to the Day

of both inclusive, in the actual Possession and

Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above ' Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain (of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy Orders;

that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment c of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any

Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not

hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, durr

ing the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of c Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other 1 Government, besides the Allowance of a Day

now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of

(the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion

formed from the Militia, as the Case may be], and any Pay

and Allowances from the to the

both Days inclusive, during which Period the Corps was assent-(bled for Training and Exercise* '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming the Allowance.

X. It shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to place any Certain Officer* such Lieutenant, Ensign, and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia of Great Britain, or Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of upon retired

the

400

Allowance, upon making the following Declaration.

Form of Declaration.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

A Declaration to be taken by Officers claiming the said Allowances.

Form of De. claret ion.

Cap. 58.

MUitiaPay.

14 & 15VHW.

the Militia of Ireland^ when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of the Allowance granted on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of the War; and all such Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowance, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

4 J do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I for-

merly served as a in the

4 Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from the Day of to the Day of

I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employ-

ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or

in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the

Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance

of per Diem as a of the said Militia,

except my Half Pay or Civil Pension os a /

XI. The Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed, during the Continuance of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to place any such Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of his reduced Allowance.

XII. Every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following: (that is to say,) 4 J do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving

as [Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, as the Case mag

4 he, '] in the of Militia at the Reduction of

4. the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

4 to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold

or injoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of a Day

\ now

18*1. Militia Pay. Gap.*. 401

now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of the

Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be], and except my Pay and Allowances from the to the

both Days inclusive, during which Period the Militia was assembled for Training and Exercise. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance;

Provided always, that any Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XIII. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and

4 Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great eomnSritmlrf *

Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establish- Offioen and ment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out- Dnunmewnot Pension, although not unfit for further Service j' No Non-com- seeing, missioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

XIV. Every Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster on the Subaltern*,

reduced Allowance, and every Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's 10

Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be Exercise, &c. entitled or claim to be entitled to any Allowances as aforesaid,

shall regularly attend the Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs during the whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as all Arrears of the said Allowance and of Pay; and a Certificate of his having so attended, and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided Commanding always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster,

Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claim- xSlracc. YC ing to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the whole or any Part of such Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowances and every Part thereof in like Manner as if he had attended

40 *

Cap. 58.

Militia

14 & 15 VICT.

If the Regiment be not called out before the Tune fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid, on making the Declaration, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35.

On Neglect of Attendance, Sqjbalterns, &c. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

during the whole of the said Exercise: Provided always, that' the Reason for Such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General.

XV. Provided always. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall not, before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, be called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have made and subscribed the Declaration herein-before mentioned before any Justice of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XVI. Upon such Declarations and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Declarations being produced to the Paymaster General, the Paymaster General shall pay to the said Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons their respective Allowances above mentioned for the usual quarterly or other proper Periods, without any Deduction whatsoever, save and except that provided by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, or by any other Act which may be passed continuing the Payment of such Duties for a further Period, the Declarations and Certificates before mentioned to be by him preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

XVII. The Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of Militia* entitled or claiming to be entitled to the aforesaid reduced or disembodied Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, on such Occasion, or on such other Occasions as may be required in pursuance of the Laws in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary-at-War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great

403

1351. Militia Pay. CaJ>. 5&>

Cheat Britain, tb the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the"

Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster,

Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be Allowance not construed to extend to entitle any Paymaster, Surgeon, Quarter- to be paid while master, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon ^mboSIed.*18 as aforesaid to the said Allowance or any Part thereof during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise.

XIX. Provided always, that any Person, being on Naval or* Persons on Half Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any-Allowance as having PaJ.»°r entitled served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or

Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and in the Army or Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officer ^, Navy* *n '

jl powered to re *

Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Sur- ^ve payi &c^ geons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assem- during Train-bled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and inS* Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant/

Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving Ins Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided always, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XX. Provided always, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster/ Adjutants, Ac., Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Non-comml*-Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham ^Prirat^Mt Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular to lose their Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of Ri«ht Chel-his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia, nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or As- &c. fflstant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

XXI. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Allowance to

Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of b fof

One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regi- Medicine#* ment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for thef Expense of necessary Medicines and Attendance given, to the

40C

Adjutants appointed before 24th Dec. 1814 entitled to receive, after a Service of 20 Years, if unfit for further Service, an Allow* a nee of 8a. per Day; provided they do not hold certain other Appointments.

Adjutant appointed since 24th Dec. 1814 entitled to receive, after Thirty Years Service, &c., an Allowance of 6a. per Day.

Cap. 5fL Mih'tia Pay* 14 & 15 Vict *

said Non-commissioned Officers while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise *

XXII. Every Adjutant of Regular Militia appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary-at-War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining on Order from the Secretary-at-War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster General shall pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary-at-War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, that any Adjutant appointed after the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, upon'producing to the Secretary-at-War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon an Order from the Secretary-at-War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of .Eight ShiL

fitted by

lings:

405

186V.

Militia Pay.

Cap. 58.

fings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose my Right to Half Right he may have to Half Pay or Oat-Pension by reason of Pay rwenred* receiving such Allowance of Eight Shillings or Six Shillings a Day as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance: Provided always, Certain Torn* that in Cases of very long and meritorious Services it shall be «teoded to lawful for the Secretary-at-War to extend to any Adjutants cwacfToM appointed between the Twenty-fourth Day of December One and rocritortoat thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day of July Semeo*.

One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three the Terms, either m Whole or in part, herein-before prescribed for the Retirement of Adjutants appointed before the Twenty-fourth Day of Decettiter One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted Allowances to in pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Adjutant *, Sur Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or In- Q^en^ster*. c flrmity been rendered unfit for further ServiceSuch Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for farther Service: Pro- Right to Half vided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by Pay reserved, reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXIV. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia Reduced Adju-

shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Unti to1"cei7* Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in 1852.

its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person os was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or from the' Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service:

Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right to Half Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, P*y r*enred. or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXV. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors Adjutant* «nd 4 are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in conse-

quenoe of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act J^wance UIM

passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of ss & 40 o. 3.

4 King George the Third, which Allowances have been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings pet Diem :y All such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the

Cc 3

Allowances granted to Adjutants who have been appointed since 24th Dec. 1814, &c. on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

No Adjutant whose Commission bears Date between 24th Deo. 1814 and 9th July 1823 excluded.

Right to Half Pay and Pension reserved.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance lender 39 & 40 G. 3. c, 44. and 26 G. 3. c. 107.

Cap. 58. Mtitia i%. 14 & 15 Vict.

Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

XXVI. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who have been appointed since the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall hereafter be appointed, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular Forces and in the Militia, if unfit for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,)

To every. Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem: Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem: Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem: Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no such Adjutant whose Commission bears Date between the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day of. July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three shall be excluded from the Operation of the Authority vested in the Secretary-at-War to determine certain Cases of Adjutants of long and meritorious Services; provided also, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary-at-War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance, subject to the same Limitations and Restrictions in respect to the holding of any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, as attach to other Adjutants to whom retired Allowances have been or shall be granted.

XXVII. Every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and continued by any subsequent Act or by this Act, may receive such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Daws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-

* by

ninth

165.1

Militia Pay.

Cap. 58.

407

ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Provided always, that no such reduced Ad- Prtmso. jutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under Her Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under Her Majesty, or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XXVIII. ' And whereas certain Allowances have been Restriction* as ' granted to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia:' The said £ ^au^Ad-ADowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of jutants of the this Act in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions Local Militia, as the Allowances of the Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who were reduced in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst hold-ipg any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

XXIX. In every County in England and Wales when the Allowances to Regular Militia is or shall be raised. Allowances shall be made Clerks of Gene-to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivi- div"on Jcet. 8km Meetings of Lieutenancy, for their Trouble and Expenses ing* in England, in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for 42 G. s. c. 90. amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, and of any other Acts relating to the saul Militia; and also the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy for their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia 37 G. s. c. 25. Forces for the Tower Hamlets in the County of Middlesex, and any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Lord Warden and Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon for their Trouble and Expenses ip. the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act 42 G. s. c. 72. for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled ' An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall '-and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present

War, and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body cff Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, ' and of any other

Acts relating to the said Militia; and in every County, Stew- Allowance* to u> C c 4 artry, 81, 011 Officer *

40 *

and others in Scotland.

42 G. 3. c. 91.

Manner of granting Allow* ances.

Clerks, &c. to make Declare* tion of the Justness of their Accounts.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Cap. 58. Militia Pay. 14 & 15 VICT

artry, City, or Place in Scotland where the Regular Militia or shall be raised Allowances shall also be made to the Clarks of General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, for their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to raise and establish a Militia in Soot-land, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia.

XXX. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows;

(videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the* Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; {videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

J do solemnly declare, That the preceding *

Account, so far as regards my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and in behalf of the Public Service, according to the Manner therein set ' forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland

4 J do solemnly declare. That I am the

4 Parochial Schoolmaster [or Constable, or other Officer ] of tke District of in the Subdivision

of the County of; and that the preceding

V Account is a just and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the Public Service,

according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was.

employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me/ And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary-at-War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rate specified in the Table to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

XXXI. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stew *

artry, City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, should be assisted by the

Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons: 4 claiming to be exempt from Service in the Militia by reason

of

l&ifc c.

40 *

Militia Fay.

Cap. S&

ef bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the ' Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment:9 It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held, to attend at such Meeting; and every such Suraon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

I do solemnly declare. That I will, to the Declaration to

best of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the 1h *

Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be sub- 5urgeon- mitted to my Examination, and that I will not receive from ' any of them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such ' Examination.9

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance Allowance to at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea, nor exceed- Surgeon* ing Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary-at-War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXXII. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, Pay, &c. to be contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the ^iratio^of Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when dis- the Secretary-embodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the at-War. Secretary-at^War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established cm that Head.

XXXIII. All Bills, Drafts, and Ordere drawn for Pay or Bill* drawn for Allowances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped *?

Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason pa^"n, Umped of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper. '

XXXIV. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or No Fee to be paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Som of Money uken* which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. For the Residence and Accommodation of the Allowance to Adjutant belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Adj utant for hi» Ireland, when not embodied, there shall be paid to such Adjutant Accomnwdl^ the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings of the tion in Ireland. Cutrency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

and for the Hire of any House or Place to be provided for the Allowance for keeping of the Anns, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores Hire of Houae of such Regiment, there shall be paid to such Adjutant, or if p^hi^AnwT there be no Adjutant, then to the Non-commissioned Officer in and Stores of charge of the Stores, the yearly Sum of Five Pounds of such , he Militia in Currency, which Sums shall be defrayed by the County; and Irtfand* the necessary Sura for that Purpose, and for all other Sums of Meney and Expenses payable and to be defrayed by the County

in

Cap. 58. Militia Pay. 14 & 15 VICT.

Providing Place for Arms, &c. 42 G. 3. c. 90.

Sale of Place not required.

in respect of the Militia of the County, and all Arrears which shall not have been presented and paid before the passing of this Act, or which shall have become due before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted as hereafter mentioned, shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County shall pass on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Secretary, or by the Assistant Under Secretary, without any Application at Presentment Sessions, and specifying the said Allowances to be made to the Adjutant, or to a Non-commissioned Officer, as the Case may be, and any other Expose payable and to be defrayed by the County in respect of the Militia of the County; and the said Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief or Under Secretary or Assistant Under Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for the County at any Time prior to the First Day of Assizes for such County, or if the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term. j,

XXXVI. In all Cases where any Place provided under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia9 for the Purpose of keeping therein the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to any Regiment^ Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not embodied, and the Hire or Cost of which Place may have been paid by the Treasurer of any County, Riding, or Place out of the County Rates of the same, according to the Provisions of the said Act, hath or at any Time hereafter shall, from Change of the Occupation of the adjoining Property or other Causes, become insecure or unfit for such Purpose, or the Public Convenience may require the same to be changed or sold, the Justices of such County, Riding, or Place assembled at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, after Representation made to them of such Insecurity or Unfitness or Inconvenience by the Lord Lieutenant of such County, and the Colonel of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and Evidence thereof given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices so in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order some other convenient and proper Place to be provided or built for the Purpose of keeping therein the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not embodied, the Purchase, Hire, or Cost of which Place, in case the same shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant and Colonel of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the County Rates.

XXXVII. In all such Cases as aforesaid the Persons or Person in whom such Place which may have become insecure or unfit for the Purposes aforesaid may be vested, upon Service

upon

411

Militia Pay.

Cap. 58.

upon them or him of an Order made at any Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, setting forth that another and more convenient and proper Place has been provided for the Purpose aforesaid, whereby the Place so purchased for the Purpose aforesaid has become useless, shall proceed forthwith, in such Manner as they shall think best, to sell and convey and assure the same to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged from the Uses or Trusts to which it had theretofore been liable and sutgect, and give Receipts and Acquittances for the Purchase Honey or Purchase Monies thereof, and shall, upon Receipt of the Money arising therefrom, after deducting thereout all Costs and Charges attending such Sale or Sales, pay the same unto the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, to be by him applied and paid towards the Cost of such Place to be so purchased as aforesaid, or the fitting up the same, and in case no such Place shall be so purchased, then toward the Expenses of fitting up such Place which may be so hired as aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Residue of such Purchase Money (if any') shall be invested in the Public Funds, and the Interest thereot applied in aid of the Rate of such County or Riding, according as the Justices of the same in Quarter Session assembled may direct; and no Person purchasing any Place so sold as aforesaid shall be bound to inquire whether any of the Circumstances have arisen under which it has been determined to sell the same as aforesaid, nor shall he be bound to see to the Application or Nonapplication of his, her, or their respective Purchase Monies; and when and as soon as the Persons or Person in whom such Place shall have been so vested as aforesaid shall have paid to the said County Treasurer the clear Proceeds arising from such Sale or Sales, and shall have procured from each Treasurer his Receipt for the same, then and from thenceforth such Persons or Person shall be forthwith discharged from all Liability, Claim, or Demand in respect of the said Place so vested in him or them for the Purposes aforesaid, and also from all Liability, Claim, or Demand in respect of the Proceeds arising from the Sale of such Place; and such Receipt shall be a Bar to the Claim of any Person or Persons whatsoever in such County, Riding, or Place, or any Person or Persons claiming under them any Right, Tide, or Estate to such Place or the Proceeds thereof.

XXXVIII. All Things in this Act contained relating to All Things in Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be con-

strned to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and tend to Ridings, Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies Shires, &c. respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

XXXIX. This Act shall take effect and continue in force Continuance of from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred Act *

and'fifty-one until the First Day of September One thousand right hundred and fifty-two.

TABLE

41 *

TABLE to which this Act refers.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stan* naries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty-second: Year of the Reign of King George the Third, c. 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Cir- £ s. d.

cular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) - - 0 7 6

2. For attending General Meetings at which the Sta-

tutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each - - - 550

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants ---- ---1 11 6

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or

Chief Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred,

Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - - 006

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each - 0 0 6

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals 0 7 6

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Ab-

stracts thereof, Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Se-cretary-at-War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia 2 In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men 3 Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men 4

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men 5

Ditto - - from 801 Men and

upwards - - 660

2

3

4

5

0

0

0

0

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve <£*. (£. for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of & County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men

or under i 1 0

Ditto from 201 to 400 Men 2 2 0

Ditto from 401 to 600 Men 3 3 0

Ditto from 601 to 800 Men 4 4 0

Ditto upwards - from 801 Men and 5 5 0

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under - -050

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names - - 0 10 0

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names - -10 0

Pitto - 251 Names and upwards 1 10 0

& Far* drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - - - 0 15 0

Ditto - Two Ditto - - 1 10 0

Ditto - Three Ditto - -200

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is offtcourse only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of: the Militia is under 300 Men - - 2 0 0

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -300

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men - 4 0 0

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards 5 0 0

414

Cap. 58. MUOia Pay. 14 & 15 VlOlS

10. For Copyings Correspondence, &c. &c .: £ JL

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under - 2 0 0 In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men 3 0 0 Ditto - from 401 to 600 Men -400

Ditto - from 601 to 800 Men -500

Ditto - from 801 Men and upwards 6 0 0

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertisements, for Postages,

Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage,

&c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of

Subdivision Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice - - 0 0 6

0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant s or other Commanding Officers Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion - 1

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland, furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - - 2

Dittos - Two - Ditto - 3

Ditto - Three - Ditto - 4

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made -for writing Letters or framing Advertisement 0 5 0

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter - - 0 1 0

Mil* Militia Fay. Cap. 58

If, For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of £ t. & the Three first or principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting,

For enrolling,

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - -220

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in foil for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - -150

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - - 0 15 0

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept - 0 0 6

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept - - 0 0 6

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men - - £2 perl,000

4M

411

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists,

Schedule (C.), for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 4 4

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 5 5

2

3

4

5

0

0

0

0

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings,

Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under 0.5 0 Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards *10 0

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and

under - - 1 10 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 2 0 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 2 10 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -300

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to

the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and

under - -200

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -300

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 4 0 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - 5 0 0

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

I 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

1851. Militia Pay. Cap. 58.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the £ s. d.

Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or

Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County,

Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under - Ditto from Ditto from Ditto from Ditto from

Ditto from 100 upwards

25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names

and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under Ditto from 21 to 50 Names - Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - Ditto from 251 and upwards -

417

11 to 30 Names 31 to 50 Names 51 to 70 Names 71 to 100 Names

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 2 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

Cap. 58.

Militia Pay.

14 & 15 VICT.

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the £ s. i.

Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer s Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and

under - - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 and upwards - 1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to House-

holders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours 0 5 0

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting

of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each

Meeting - - -0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted

Men, per Day - - 0 5 0

31. For Stationery, per Annum - - 0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to House-

holders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting

of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

84. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per

Day - -040

35* For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted

and enrolled Men, per Day - 0 4 0

86. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out

by the Constables, per Annum - - 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk such Person shall have an Allowance for his Travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account

1851. Soap 'Duties — Ecclesiastical Titles Assumption. C. 59, 60. 4X9

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to continue certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

[1st August 1851.]

4 A IN WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of the 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 16. Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixteen,

certain Allowances of the Duties of Excise paid on Soap were granted in respect of Soap used in certain Manufactures and Processes set forth in the said Act, and which Allowances were to cease at the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five: And whereas by subsequent Acts, and particularly by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the 12 & 13 Vict Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty, the c, 4a 4 said Allowances (except the Allowance for the whitening of new Linen in the Piece for Sale) were continued until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas it is expedient that the said Allowances (except as aforesaid) should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the said Allowances (except the Allowance of the Certain Allow-Duty on Soap used, employed, or consumed in the whitening of P?04* new Linen in the Piece for Sale) shall continue and remain P

payable until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, in like Manner as if the same had been made payable until that Time by the said first-recited Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act to prevent the Assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of Places in the United Kingdom.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS divers of Her Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects have assumed to themselves the Titles of Archbishop and Bishops of a pretended Province, and of pretended Sees or Dioceses, within the United Kingdom, under colour of an alleged Authority given to them for that Purpose by certain Briefs, Rescripts, or Letters Apostolical from the See 4 of Rome, and particularly by a certain Brief, Rescript, or Letters Apostolical purporting to have been given at Rome on

D d 2 4 the

10G. 4. C. 7.S.24.

Briefs, Rescripts, or Letter* Apostolical declared unlawful and void.

Persons procuring, publishing, tar putting in use any such Brief, &<v for constituting Archbishops, Bishops, &c. of pretended Provinces, Sees, or Dioceses, liable to a Penalty of 100/. for every Offence.

Cap. 60- Ecclesiastical Titles Assumption. 14 & 15 VICT.

the Twenty-ninth of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas by the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, after reciting that the

Protestant Episcopal Church of England and Ireland^ and the Doctrine, Discipline, and Government thereof, and likewise the Protestant Presbyterian Church of Scotland, and the Doc-

trine, Discipline, and Government thereof, were by the reapec- tive Acts of Union of England and Scotland, and of Great Britain and Ireland, established permanently and inviolably, and that the Right and Title of Archbishops to their respective Provinces, of Bishops to their Sees, and of Deans to their Deaneries, as well in England as in Ireland, had been settled and established by Law, it was enacted, that if any Person

after the Commencement of that Act, other than the Person thereunto authorized by Law, should assume or use the Name,

Style, or Title of Archbishop of any Province, Bishop of any Bishopric, or Dean of any Deanery, in England or Ireland, he

should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas it may be doubted whether the recited Enactment extends to the Assumption of the Title of Archbishop or Bishop of a pretended Province or Diocese, 4 or Archbishop or Bishop of a City, Place, or Territory, or

Dean of any pretended Deanery in England or Ireland, not

being the See, Province, or Diocese of any Archbishop or Bishop or Deanery of any Dean recognized by Law; but the Attempt to establish, under colour of Authority from die See 4 of Rome or otherwise, such pretended Sees, Provinces, Dio-

ceses, or Deaneries, is illegal and void: And whereas it is expedient to prohibit the Assumption of such Titles in respect of any Places within the United Kingdom:' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I- All such Briefs, Rescripts, or Letters Apostolical, and aU and every the Jurisdiction, Authority, Pre-eminence, or Title conferred or pretended to be conferred thereby, are and shall be and be deemed unlawful and void.

II. And be it enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Person shall obtain or cause to be procured from the Bishop or See of Rome, or shall publish or put in use within any Part of the United Kingdom, any such Bull, Brief, Rescript, or Letters Apostolical, or any other Instrument or Writing, for the Purpose of constituting such Archbishops or Bishops of such pretended Provinces, Sees, or Dioceses within the United Kingdom, or if any Person, other than a Person thereunto authorized by Law in respect of an Archbishopric, Bishopric, or Deanery of the United Church of England and Ireland, assume or use the Name, Style, or Title of Archbishop, Bishop, or Dean of any City, Town, or Place, or of any Territory or District, (under any Designation or Description whatsoever,) in the United Kingdom,

1851.

421

Smithfield Market Removal. Cap. 60, 61.

Kingdom, whether such City, Town, or Place, or such Territory or District, be or be not the See or the Province, or co-extensive with the Province, of any Archbishop, or the See or the Diocese, or co-extensive with the Diucese, of any Bishop, or the Seat or Place of the Chtirch of any Dean, or co-extensive with any Deanery, of the said United Church, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Recovery of hundred Pounds, to be recovered os Penalties imposed by the Penaltie9-recited Act may be recovered under the Provisions thereof, or by Action of Debt at the Suit of any Person in One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law, with the Consent of Her Majesty's Attorney General in England and Ireland, or Her Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, as the Case may be.

III. This Act shall not extend or apply to the Assumption Act not to ex-or Use by any Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Bishops

Scotland exercising Episcopal Functions within some District Epj^0paitestant or Place in Scotland of any Name, Style, or Title in respect Church in of such District or Place; but nothing herein contained shall be Scotland, taken to give any Right to any such Bishop to assume or use any Name, Style, or Title which he is not now by Law entitled to assume or use.

IV. Be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be Nothing to construed to annul, repeal, or in any Manner affect any Provision contained in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Application of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

CAP. LX I.

An Act For providing a Metropolitan Market and Conveniences connected therewith in lieu of the Cattle Market at Smithfield.

[1st August 1851.]

WHEREAS for preventing the Evils attendant on the ' " " holding of the Market now holden in Smithfield, it is

desirable that in lieu thereof a more spacious Cattle Market, r with a Meat Market and Conveniences connected therewith,

1 should be provided in a suitable Place more distant from the

Centre of the Metropolis: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, after the Expiration of Appointment of Six Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, in case the Comm, 88loner*-Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London have notin the meantime signified, in manner herein-after mentioned, their Desire to undertake the Execution of this Act, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to appoint Five Persons to be Commissioners under this Act, and at Pleasure to remove the Commissioners so appointed, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of any Commissioner appointed under this Act to appoint

D d 3 in

Commissioners

incorporated.

Commissioners may set out a Cattle and Meat Market, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs for Cattle.

Commissioners to provide for the Supply of Water and Drainage.

Cap. 61. Smithfield Market Removal. 14 & 15 VICT.

in like Manner some other Person to such Office; and the continuing Commissioners may act notwithstanding any such Vacancy; and all Powers and Duties vested in the said Commissioners by this Act may be exercised and executed by any Three of them.

II. The Commissioners appointed under this Act shall for the Purposes of this Act be One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of "The Metropolitan Cattle Market Commissioners," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall sue and be sued, and have Power and Authority (without any Licence in Mortmain) to take, purchase, and hold Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

III. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide, build, and maintain, in such Situation as may appear to them convenient for the Purpose, and as may be approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Places for holding a Cattle Market, in lieu of the Market now holden in Smithfield, and a Meat Market, with Slaughter-houses and Lairs for Cattle brought to such Cattle Market, or intended to be slaughtered in such Slaughter-houses; and to provide, build, and maintain such Pens, Stalls, Shops, Buildings, and Conveniences for the Purposes of the said Markets, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs, as the Commissioners may think necessary; and to make and maintain all necessary and convenient Roads and Approaches to and from the Market Places, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs to be provided as aforesaid; and, with the Consent of the Owner of any existing Road, or of the Persons in whom the Management thereof may by Law be vested, to widen and improve such existing Road, for facilitating Ingress and Egress to and from such Market Places, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to purchase by Agreement such Lands as they may deem necessary for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that no Agreement for the Purchase of any Site for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be made or entered into by the Commissioners without the Consent in Writing of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

IV. The Commissioners shall provide for the said Market Places, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs a sufficient Supply of Water, and may procure the same from any Water Company or Persons willing to contract for the Purpose, or may execute the Works necessary to obtain such Supply from Streams, Springs, or Wells, and purchase by Agreement or take on Lease any Streams, Springs, Lands, Rights, or Easements for the Purposes of such Supply, and the Works connected therewith; and the Commissioners shall cause the said Market Places, Slaughterhouses, and Lairs to be sufficiently drained, and may (subject to any Rights and Jurisdiction vested in the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers) execute the Works necessary for the Drainage thereof, or may procure such Works to be executed by such last-mentioned Commissioners.

v. It

1851. Smithfield Market Removal. Cap. 61. 423

V. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Power to ap-Time to appoint a Secretary and a Treasurer, and such Clerks, Point officers-Collectors, Inspectors, and other Officers as they may think fit,

for the Purposes of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove the Officers so appointed or any of them, and, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to allow to such Officers respectively such Salaries and Wages as the Commissioners may think proper.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Com^°^r

Time to make Byelaws, for fixing or altering the Days upon e ye"

which the Markets to be holden under this Act shall or may be

held, for fixing the Hours for commencing and closing the said Markets on each Market Day, the Times at which Cattle and Horses respectively shall be brought into or exposed for Sale in the Market and removed therefrom, and for the letting, occupying, holding, and using of the Pens, Lairs, Stalls, Shops, Buildings, fend Conveniences, for keeping the said Market Places, daughter-houses, and Lairs in a cleanly and proper State, and preventing the Exercise of Cruelty therein, for preventing Nuisances or Obstructions in the said Market Places or the

immediate Approaches thereto, and generally for regulating, ordering, and governing the said Markets, Slaughter-houses, and Lairs, and the Conduct of Business therein; and the Commissioners may from Time to Time alter or repeal any such Byelaws, and may by such Byelaws impose such reasonable Penalties as they think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Breach of such Byelaws, but so that every such Byelaw be so framed as to allow the Justices before whom any Penalty imposed thereby may be sought to be recovered to order the whole or Part only of such Penalty to be paid; provided always, that no Byelaw of the Commissioners shall be of any Force or Effect until the same has been approved under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and such Byelaws shall be sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners, and published as herein-after mentioned.

YIL It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Power to let the Time to let, for such Rents or Payments and in such Manner as

they may think fit, all or any of the Slaughter-houses to be pro- stall* and Con-rided under this Act, and such of the Stalls, Shops, Buildings, and Conveniences to be provided in or for the said Markets as the Commissioners may think may properly be exclusively occupied for a Term or Period: Provided always, that no such Letting be for any longer Term than One Year.

VIII. The Commissioners shall, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, fix a Table of Tolls befixed^8 and Payments to be demanded and taken for or in respect of Cattle, Horses, and Meat brought into or exposed for Sale in the said Markets, and for or in respect of the Use of Pens,

Lairs, and Conveniences provided under this Act, and may from Time to Time, with such Approbation as aforesaid, vary such Table of Tolls and Payments as they may see fit; provided

Dd4 Gdiwle

* eniences in the Market.

Table of Tolls

424 Cap. 61. Smidfield Market Removal. 14 & 15 Yicx.

Byelaws and Tabic of Tolls and Payments to be set up in the Markets.

always, that such Tolls and Payments do not exceed the several and respective Sums mentioned in the Schedule to this Act; and the Table of Tolls and Payments for the Time being payable under this Act shall be published as hereinafter directed, r j:

IX. Copies of all Byelaws for the Time being in force under this Act, affecting other Persons than the Officers of the Commissioners, and the Table of Tolls and Payments for the Time being payable under this Act in respect of the said Markets respectively, shall be painted in legible Characters on Boards to be set up and continued at each and every of the Entrances, or in some conspicuous Position in the Place for holding the Market to which such Byelaws relate, or in respect of which such Tolls and Payments are payable; and such Boards shall from Time to Time be renewed, replaced, and restored when and so often as the same are destroyed, defaced, or removed: Provided always, that if any such Board be destroyed, defaced, or removed, such Byelaws, Tolls, and Payments shall continue in force and payable respectively during such Time as may he reasonably rebuked for renewing, replacing, or restoring the same, in the eam£ Manner as if the Destruction, Removal, or Defacement had not

.nil h! '

Commissioners to report to Secretary of State when Markets provided, who is to publish Notice thereof, and of closing of Smithfield, in London Gazette.

Markets, and Care and Management of the Market Places, &c., vested in the Commissioners.

occurred.

X. When the Commissioners have provided the Market Places, Slaughter-houses, and Conveniences herein-before author rized to be provided, and fixed such Table of Tolls and Payments as aforesaid, and appointed the Market Days, and done all other Acts which may appear to them necessary previously to the opening of the said Market Places and Slaughter-houses, they shall report to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State what they have done concerning the Premises, and shall annex to such Report a Copy of the Table of Tolls and Payments fixed as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State to fix a Time for the opening of the said Markets and Slaughter-houses, and by a Notice under his Hand, to be published in the London Gazette, to notify that such Market Places and Slaughter-houses have been provided, and the Time when the same will be opened, and that from the Time so mentioned Smithfield Market will cease to be a Market for the Sale of Cattle and Horses; and from and after the Time.mentioned in such Notice Smithfield Market shall cease to be a Market for the Sale of Cattle or Horses, and Markets for the Sale of Cattle, Horses, and Meat shall be holden in the respective Places provided under this Act; and such Markets shall be deemed to be public Markets; and no new Market for the Sale of Cattle or Horses shall be opened in the City of London or Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or the Borough of Southwark, or at any Place distant less than Seven Miles in a straight Line from Saint PauFs Cathedral in the City of London.

XI. The Markets to be holden under this Act, and the Tolls and Profits thereof, and, subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Care, Management, and Control of the Market Places, Slaughterhouses, Lairs, Conveniences, and Matters provided by the Commissioners

1S5L

Smithfield Market Removal.

Cap. 61.

msioners under this Act, and of the said Markets, shall be vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act

XII. It shall be lawful for any Clerk or Inspector appointed under this Act, with or without Assistants, to inspect and examine any Cattle and Dead Meat exposed or offered for Sale in the Markets provided under this Act or either of them, and for that Purpose to enter into any Building, Shop, Stall, Pen, or Place provided under this Act, and seize any such Cattle or Meat which may appear to him unfit for Human Food, and to report such Seizure to any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place; and such Justice nmy order such Cattle or Meat to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of in such Manner as may appear to him proper; and any Person exposing or offering for Sale as aforesaid Cattle or Meat unfit for Human Food shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Market from Time to Time to make and publish Orders for regulating the Route within the Metropolitan Police District of Cattle to or from the Cattle Market to be holden under this Act, and the Times during which Cattle shall be allowed to be driven by such Routes, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and any Person driving any Cattle within the Metropolitan Police District who shall disobey any such Older shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. The Tolls for the Time being fixed by such Table of Tells and Payments as aforesaid shall become due and payable immediately on the Cattle, Horses, or Meat in respect of which such Tolls are to be taken entering or being brought into the said Market Places respectively from any Person driving or banging the same or causing the same to be driven or brought into or exposing or offering the same for Sale in the said Market Places respectively; and the Payments for the Time being fixed by such Table for the Use of Pens, Lairs, and Conveniences shall become due and payable from the Persons using the same at such Times as for the Time being may be fixed by such Table; and all such Tolls and Payments as aforesaid shall be collected, received, and taken, on behalf of the Commissioners, by such Collectors or Persons as they nmy direct.

XV. The Expenses to be incurred by the Commissioners in providing and maintaining the Market Places, Slaughter-houses, Lairs, Conveniences, and Matters to be provided and maintained by them under this Act, and the Salaries and Wages of the Officers appointed under this Act, and all other Expenses of the Commissioners under this Act, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Tolls, Rents, and Payments to be received by them under this Act.

XVI. All Tolls, Rents, and Payments which shall be received under this Act by the Officers of the Commissioners shall be by such Officers forthwith paid to the Treasurer of the Corn-

missioners.

425

Cattle or Meat unfit for Food may be seized and destroyed.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners of Market may regulate Route and Times for driving of Cat* tie to and from Markets.

Tolls and Payments, when and to whom to be paid.

Expenses under this Act to be defrayed out of Monies received thereunder.

Money recened by Officers to be paid into the Bank.

Treasurer, &c. intrusted with Money to give Security for duly accounting for the same.

Payments out of the Bank.

Power to raise Money by Mortgage.

Commissioners of Public Works acting under 5 & 6 Vict c. 9. may make Advances to the Board.

So much of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16. as relates to Mortgages incorporated with this Act

Accounts to be kept, and to be balanced.

Cap. OK Smithfield Market Removal* 14 & 15 VICT.

missioned, and by such Treasurer forthwith paid into the Bank of England, to the Credit of an Account to be intituled " The Account of the Metropolitan Cattle Market Commissioners."

XVII. Before the Treasurer or any Officer appointed under this Act enter upon any Office or Employment, by reason whereof he will or may be intrusted with the Custody or Control of Money under this Act, the Commissioners shall require and take from him such Security for the faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, and for duly accounting for all Monies which may be intrusted to him by reason thereof, as they may think sufficient.

XVIII. The Money to be paid into the Bank of England under this Act shall be paid out upon Drafts or Orders signed by the Treasurer, and countersigned by Two or more of the Commissioners.

XIX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, for the Pop-pose9 of defraying any Expenses incurred or to be incurred by them in the Execution of this Act, and payable out of the Tolls, Rents, and Payments receivable by them under this Act, and with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds which may appear to the Commissioners necessary for defraying any such Expenses; and for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of any Sums so borrowed, together with such Interest as aforesaid, the Commissioners may mortgage and assign over to the Persons by or on behalf of whom such Sums are advanced all or any of the said Tolls, Rents, and Payments.

XX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Nine, and in the Execution of any of the Acts recited in that Act, or of any Act or Acts for amending or continuing the same Acts or any of them, to make Advances to the Commissioners upon the Security of the Tolls, Rents, and Payments to be received by the Commissioners under this Act, and without requiring any further or other Security than a Mortgage of such Tolls, Rents, and Payments.

XXI. The Clauses of the "Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," " with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners," shall be incorporated with this Act; and the Word " Rates," where used in the said Clauses, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, mean the Tolls, Rents, and Payments to be received by the Commissioners under this Act; and the Sum to be appropriated and set apart by the Commissioners every Year as a Sinking Fund shall be such Sum as shall be from Time to Time directed in this Behalf by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XXII. The Commissioners shall cause Books to be provided and kept, and full and correct Accounts to be entered therein of all Tolls, Rents, and Payments, and other Monies received by them

1851. SmitJ\field Market Removal. Cap. 6L 48f

them or their Officers, and of the Application thereof, distinguishing the Times and Purposes when and for which Monies were received and paid; and the said Commissioners shall, in the Month of January in each Year, cause their Accounts to be balanced up to the Thirty-first Day of December of the preceding Year; and the Commissioners shall cause a full Statement and An annual Account to be drawn out of all Contracts entered into, and of all Monies received and expended, by virtue of this Act, during and Notice to preceding Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt be given whan sad*{Expenditure, and also of all Monies then owing to the Commissioners, and of all Mortgages and other Debts then au UDg* owing by the Commissioners; and the Commissioners shall give public Notice, by Advertisement to be inserted not less than twice in each of Two daily Morning Newspapers circulating in London and Westminster, that such Statement and Account is prepared and ready for the Inspection of the Mortgagees under this Act, and of the Day fixed for auditing the Accounts; and Statement, &c. tfc* Commissioners shall allow such Statement and Account to offi^Tfor remain for Inspection at their principal Office; and every such inspection. Mortgagee may at all reasonable Times before the Day of Audit inspect such Statement and Account, and compare the same with the Books and Documents relating thereto in the Possession of the Commissioners, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Inspection.

ivXXIIL The Accounts of the Commissioners shall be exa- Audit of Ac-mined and audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Public ^o^Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and such Commissioners shall, in Accounts, examining, trying, and auditing the first-mentioned Accounts, have all the Powers which are vested in them by Law for examining, trying, and auditing the said Public Accounts; and the Monies which may be received and become applicable for the Purposes of this Act shall be deemed Public Monies, and may be recovered in case of Default accordingly, but all Monies so recovered shall be paid into the said Account at the Bank of England for the Purposes of this Act.

wfcXXIV. The Commissioners may enter into all such Con- Commissioners tracts as they may think fit, for providing the Market Places, - contract* Slaughter-houses, Lairs, Conveniences, and Matters by this Act authorized to be provided, and for any other Matters in relation to the Purposes of this Act in respect of which it may appear to the Commissioners expedient to enter into Contracts.

XXV. Provided always, That no Purchase, Building, or No Purchase or Work where the Purchase Money or the estimated Expense of such Building or Work exceeds One thousand Pounds, shall be to be made with-made, erected, or done, or any Contract for the same entered out Approbation into, by the Commissioners under this Act, without the Appro- of Treasury* bation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XXVI. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," Certain Provi-except the Clauses of that Act " with respect to the Purchase iS^9

and. taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement," " with incorporated respect to Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Under- with this Act.

taking,

Cap. 61.

Smithfield Market Removal. 14 15 VlGI.

Power to dispose of Lands not wanted.

Annual Report* and Abstract of Accounts to be made, and sent to Secretary of State.

Reports to be laid before Parliament.

Slaughterhouses to be li. cased.

taking, but which shall not be required for the Purposes thereof," " with respect to the Recovery of Forfeitures, Penalties, and Costs," and " with respect to the Provision to be mitde for affording Access to the Special Act by all Parties interested," shall be incorporated with this Act, and for the Purposes of this Act the Expression " the Promoters of the Undertaking," wherever used in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, shall mean the Commissioners under this Act.

XXVII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to sell and dispose of any Lands purchased by them under this Act which may appear to them not to be required for the Purposes thereof, and for completing and carrying any such Sale into effect the Commissioners may make and execute a Conveyance of the Lands sold and disposed of as aforesaid unto the Purchaser, or as he shall direct, and such Conveyance shall be under the Seal of the Commissioners; and the Word "grant" in such Conveyance shall have the same Operation as by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act is given to the same Word in a Conveyance of Lands made by the Promoters of the Undertaking; and a Receipt tinder the Seal of the Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser of any such Lands]for the Purchase Money in such Receipt expressed to be received; and the Money to arise from such Sale shall be applied in Uke Manner os other Monies received under this Act.

XXVIII. The Commissioners shall, in the Month of March in every Year, send to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Report of their Proceedings, and shall, r where any Variation has been made in the Table of Tolls and Payments since the preceding Report of the Commissioners, show such Variation in their Report, and shall with such Report send an Account in Abstract showing the Receipt and Expenditure under this Act for such preceding Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with the Statement of the Allowance of the Auditors, if they have allowed such Accounts, or of the Parts, if any, which they have disapproved of such Accounts, and also a Statement of all Monies owing to and Debts owing by the Commissioners on the Thirty-first Day of December of such preceding Year; and the Commissioners shall also from Time to Time give to any One of such Secret taries of State as aforesaid such Information as he may require respecting their Proceedings.

XXIX. Every Report, Account in Abstract, and Statement, to be sent to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under this Act, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Receipt thereof if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within One Month after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XXX. From and after the First Day of December in the Year next following that in which the Slaughter-houses provided under this Act are opened no other Place within the Metropolitan Police District, as originally constituted and defined

by

1851. Smithfield Market Removal. Cap. 61.

by the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty'four, shall be used as a Slaughter-house without a Licence had for that Purpose from the last preceding Michael-mar Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Division in which such Place is situate (who are hereby authorized to grant such Licences where they, in their Discretion, think proper), signified under the Hands and Seals of Four or more of the Justices there assembled, and no Fee or Reward shall be taken for any such Licence; and if any Person use as a Slaughter-house any Place within the District aforesaid, other than the Slaughter-houses provided under this Act, which is not for the Time being licensed under this Act, every Person so offending shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. Every Person who shall wilfully obstruct any Inspector, Collector, or other Officer or Person employed by the Commissioners, or any Person acting under his Authority, in the Execution of this Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. Every Person w ho shall destroy, pull down, injure, or deface any Board placed by Authority of the Commissioners in or about the Markets provided under this Act, upon which any Bydaw or Table of Tolls and Payments shall be painted or placed, shall for every such Offence oe liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII. No Officer of the Commissioners shall be in anywise concerned or interested in any Contract or Work made with or executed for the Commissioners; and if any such Officer be so concerned or interested, or shall, under colour of his Office or Employment, exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever other than his proper Salary, Wages, and Allowances, he shall be incapable of afterwards holding or continuing in any Office or Employment under the Commissioners, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which may be recovered by any Person, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt; provided that no Person being a Shareholder of any Joint Stock Company established by Act of Parliament or by Charter shall be prevented from being employed os an Officer of the Commissioners by reason of any Contract between such Company and the Commissioners, or of any Work executed by such Company.

XXXIV. If any Person liable to the Payment of any Toll under this Act in respect of any Cattle, Horse, or Meat brought into the said Market Places respectively, or to any Payment for the Use of any Pens, Lairs, or Conveniences provided under this Act, neglect or refuse to pay such Toll or Payment when the same becomes payable under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Person in that Behalf authorized by them, to levy and recover such Toll or Payment by Distress and immediate Sale of any such Cattle, Horse, or Meat for which

. - such

430

Penalty for obstructing Officers in Execution of this Act.

Penalty for defacing Boards.

Penalty on Officers, &c. being interested in Contracts or exacting Fees.

Recovery of Tolls and Payments.

4*0

Cap. 61.

Smithfield Market Removal. 14 & 15, VICT.

such Toll is payable, or of any Cattle, Horses, Meat, or other Articles brought into such Pens, Lairs, or Conveniences by the Person liable to such Payment for using the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, on Demand, to the Owner of the Things sold, after deducting the reasonable Charge of the Distress and Sale; and in case any Dispute or Difference arise concerning or in consequence of any such Distress or Sale, such Dispute or Difference shall and may be settled and determined by Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, who are hereby empowered and required, on Application being made to them for that Purpose, to summon the Parties before them, and to hear and determine upon Oath the Matter of any Complaint which may be made concerning or inconsequence of such Distress or Sale, and to make such Order therein and award such Costs to either Party as to such Justices in their Discretion shall seem meet, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause the Costs which shall be so awarded to be levied by Distress and Sale Oi any Cattle, Horses, Meat, Goods or Chattels, being the Property of the Party liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, on Demand, to the Owner of the Tilings sold, after deducting in every Case the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Commissioners from suing for and recovering in any Court of Record any Sum of Money which shall become payable to them for or in respect of any such Toll or Payment as aforesaid, if Default be made in Payment thereof.

XXXV; Every Person who shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, or by any Byelaw of the Commissioners, shall be proceeded against, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered, enforced, and applied in the same Manner as the Persons liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed under the Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven, and such last-mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures may by Law be proceeded against, recovered, enforced, and applied respectively; and all Provisions, and Powers and Rights, which are by Law applicable to and consequent upon Proceedings against Persons liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures last mentioned, shall be applicable to the Proceedings against Persons liable to Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, or any such Byelaw as aforesaid. Proof of PuHi- XXX YI. The Production of a written or printed Copy of

U^and Table ^he Byelaws, and of the Table of Tolls and Payments, authentic of Tolls and cated by the Seal of the Commissioners, shall be Evidence of the Payments. Making, Approval, and Existence of such Byelaws, and of the fixing and Existence of such Table of Toils and Payments respectively, in all Prosecutions, Actions, and Proceedings under or concerning the same; and for Proof of the Publication of such Byelaws and Table of Tolls and Payments respectively

JUaorery of Penalties.

1851.

SiMthfield Market Removal.

Cap. 61.

431

tively it shall be sufficient to prove that painted Boards containing Copies thereof respectively were set up and continued in manner by this Act directed, and in case of any such Board having been destroyed, defaced, or removed, that it was renewed, replaced, or restored as soon as conveniently might be.

XXXVII. Provided always, That if within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London shall, under their Common Seal, signify to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons desire to undertake the Execution of this Act, then, except in the Case of and after the Publication in the London Gazette of such Notice as herein-after mentioned, there shall not be made any Appointment of Commissioners under this Act, but the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall exercise the Powers and perform the Duties which by the Enactments herein-before contained would otherwise be to be exercised and performed respectively by Commissioners under this Act.

XXXVIII. In case of such Signification as aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, in respect of the Powers and Duties to be exercised and performed respectively under this Act, be subject to the same Liabilities and Control as the Commissioners appointed under this Act would otherwise have been subject to, except so far as respects the Appointment and Removal of such Commissioners, and the Incorporation, Title, and Common Seal of such Commissioners: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, if they think fit, in such Signification of their Desire to undertake the Execution of this Act, to declare their Intention to defray the Expenses to be incurred in such Execution out of their own Funds, and in such Case such Expenses shall be defrayed accordingly; and the Provisions herein-before contained appropriating and directing the Application of the Tolls, Rents, and Payments to be received under this Act, and directing the Payment thereof to the Treasurer, and directing and regulating the Payment thereof into and out of the Bank of England, shall not be obligatory on the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, but such Tolls, Rents, and Payments shall be received by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons for their own Use, and shall be paid and applied as they may direct; and the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall not be required to the Allowance of Salaries and Wages, and to Purchases, Buildings, Works, or Contracts by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; and the Provisions herein-before contained for the Appointment by the Commissioners of a Secretary and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, and for the Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Commissioners by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, shall not be applicable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons.

XXXIX. If,

Power for Corporation of London to execute the Act.

In that Case Corporation to be subject to same Control and Liabilities as Commissioners.

The Corporation of London may declare their Intention to defray the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution out of their own Funds, and in such Case the Tolls, &c. to belong to them, and certain Provisions not to be applicable.

If Corporation make default. Commissioners to execute the Act.

If Mayor, &c. do not within Six Mouths undertake Execution of Act, then, unless Market authorized be opened within a certain Time, Act to be *oid, See.

Saving Rights of the City of London.

Saving Rights of Her Majesty.

Short Title of the Act.

Interpretation of Terms.

Cap. 61. Smithfield Market Removal. 14 & 15 Vict.

XXXIX. If, in case of such Signification as aforesaid, it shall, after the Expiration of Eighteen Calendar Months from such Signification, and within the Space of Three Years from such Signification, be made to appear to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and such Secretary of State shall, by Notice published in the London. Gazette, declare that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons have made default in duly executing this Act, then the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, from and after the Publication of such Notice, not exercise the Powers nor be liable to the Duties to be exercised and performed respectively under this Act, but the Enactments herein-before contained shall take effect as if there had been no such Signification as aforesaid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons.

XL. Provided always, That if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall not within Six Months after the passing of this Act signify their Desire to undertake the Execution of this Act, then, unless the Cattle Market authorized to be provided under this Act be opened in pursuance of the visions thereof within Three Years after the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, so much of this Act as provides that Smilfifield Market shall cease to be a Market for the Sale of Cattle or Horses shall, from and after the Expiration of such Three Years, cease and be void.

XLI. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or shall be deemed or construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, 6r Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of tise City of London, or of the Lord Mayor for the Time being of the said .City, save and except as by this Act is expressly provided and enacted. 1

XLII. Saving always to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Powers, Authorities, Claims, and Demands whatsoever as She or they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not passed.

XLIII. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Metropolitan Market Act, 1851.",;

XLIV. In the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless such Meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context; (that is to say,) the Word " Coriunissionere" shall mean the Commissioners appointed under this Act; the Word " Cattle" shall include Sheep, Lambs, and Swine; and the Word "Horse" shall include Mare, Ass, and Mule; the Word " Slaughter-house" shall mean a Place used for slaughtering Cattle.

The

185L

Customs.

Cap. 61, 62.

4SS *

The SCHEDULE.

Tolls.

Sheep. For every Score of Sheep sold, 2d. per Score.

Beasts. For every Score of Beasts sold, 20d. per Score.

Hones. For every Entry of Sale, 4d. each.

Pigs. For every Score, 4d.

Dues.

Pens for Sheep, Calves or Pigs. Permanent Pens, Is. each. Ties for Beasts or Calves, Id. each; for Horses, 2d. each.

Hay Duty, 6d. per Load; and for each Entry of Sale, Id. Straw Duty, Id .; for each Entry of Sale, Id.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs, and to enable the Treasury to regulate the Mode of keeping the Account between the Receiver General of Customs and the Bank of England.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter the Duties of Customs now payable by Law upon the Importation of the Goods Wares, and Merchandise enumerated and described in the

Table to this Act annexed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That in lieu and instead of the Duties of Customs now After the 15th payable by Law upon the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise Kurils1 wtVrtii enumerated and described in the said Table, there shall, from and in Yabir»hail after the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred be levied instead and fifty-one, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Her oftho*ep*e- Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon the said Goods, TI0US y *' Wares, and Merchandise respectively when imported into the United Kingdom, the several Duties of Customs only as inserted and set forth in Figures in the said Table to this Act annexed.

II. That such of the several Sorts of Goods as are by this Goods m Ware-Act charged with Duty as shall have been warehoused without ^5\6^ Payment of Duty upon the Importation thereof, and which shall be subject only be in the Warehouse on the Sixteenth Day of April One thou- to the Duties sand eight hundred and fifty-one, shall be deemed and taken to hereby unposed, be liable to such Duties only.

III. That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under Duties to be the Management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Cus- under M*-toms, and shall be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, comSonen recovered, and applied or appropriated under the Provisions of of Customs, any Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be passed relating to the Customs.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Treasury may Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter ^latef1!0

Fifteen, to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's coimt between Exchequer at Westminster, it is enacted, 44 That it shall be Receiver Gene"'lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to raj°uCBt°kSf 4 "Time to establish Rules and Regulations f$c kc^pp^g) fife England. ° E e 44 4 Accounts

494

Cap. 89. Gmtidmi. 14 & 15 VICT.

" Accounts of the several respective Departments of the Revenue with the Bank of England, and for the Payment of the Public Monies collected by such Departments to the Account of the Exchequer:" And whereas Doubts are entertained whether these Provisions, so far as they relate to the Receiver General of the Customs and to the Revenue of Customs, may not have been in part repealed by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty,

4 Chapter Eighty-five, for the Management of the Custyigs:' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cojfn-, missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Tiu^e to establish such Rules and Regulations for keeping the Accounts of the Receiver General of the Customs with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also for Payment out of such Accounts of the Public Monies collected by that Department of the Revenue as they may think necessary for Her Majesty's Service, which Rules and Regulations shall be of full Force and Authority, anything in the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

TABLE referred to in this Act. £ s. <L Coffee, the lb. - -003

---- Kiln-dried, roasted, or ground, the lb. - 0 0 6

Upon Timber and Wood Goods not otherwise charged with Duty:

Timber or Wood, not being Deals, Battens, Boards,

Staves, Handspikes, Oars, Lathwood, or other Timber or Wood sawn, split, or otherwise dressed, except hewn, and not being Timber or Wood otherwise charged with Duty, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet 0 7 6

Deals, Battens, Boards, or other Timber, or Wood sawn or split, and not otherwise charged with Duty, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet - 0 10 0

Staves, if exceeding 72 Inches in Length, 7 Inches in Breadth, or 3£ Inches in Thickness, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet - - 0

Handspikes, not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, the 120 0

---- exceeding 7 Feet in Length, the 120 - 0

Knees, under 5 Inches square, the 120 - - 0

---- 5 Inches and under 8 Inches square, the 120 0

Lathwood, the Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet - - 0

Oars, the 120 - - - 2

Spars or Poles, under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, the 120 -0

---- 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and

under Inches in Diameter, the 120 - - 0

---- of all Lengths, 4 Inches and under

6 Inches in Diameter, the 120 - 1

Wood planed, or otherwise dressed or prepared for Use, and not particularly enumerated or otherwise charged with Duty, per Foot of Cubic Contents - 0 And further for every 1O^ Y^oCjO0qIc 10

9 0 6 0 19 0

3 0 12 0 12 0

5 0

6 0 12 0

4 9

0 2

0 0

1851

Customs.

436

Cap. 63.

Or, in lieu of ascertaining the Cubical Contents in Pile, the Importer may have the Option, at the Time of passing

the First Entry, in respect of Planks, Deals, Deal Ends, Battens, and Batten Ends, of entering the same by Tale upon a Computation of their Cubic Content, calculated according to the under-mentioned Scale, specifying in such Entry the Number and Dimensions of the several Pieces included therein; and the Duties imposed thereon by this Act shall be ascertained, computed, and charged upon the Planks, Deals, Deal Ends, Battens, and Batten Ends included in such Entry on the Cubical Contents thereof, computed in conformity with the said Scale.

Planks. Deals. | Battens.

3x11 Inch 3x9 Inch 3x7 Inch ' 24 x 7 Inch 24 x 64Inch

and not and not and not and not and not

- - above above above above above

114 3*94 1 34 x 74 2*x7i 2f x6

Inch. Inch. Inch. Inch. Inch.

Not above Feet in Length, Cubic Feet. Cubic Fret.1 Cubic Feet. Cubic Feet. Cubic Feet.

the 120 - 115 95 73 61 57

Above Feet and not above

5 Feet in Length, the 120 144 118 91 77 71

Above 5 Feet and not above

6 Feet in Length, the 120 173 142 110 92 86

Above 6 Feet and not above

7 Feet in Length, the 120 Above 7 Feet, and not above 202 165 128 107 100

8 Feet in Length, the 120 231 18 9; 146 123 114

Above 8 Feet and not above

9 Feet in Length, the 120 260 213 165 138 128

Above 9 Feet and not above

10 Feet in Length, the 120 288 236 183 153 143

Above 10 Feet and not above

11 Feet in Length, the 120 Above 11 Feet and not above 317 260 201 1 169 157

12 Feet in Length, the 120 346 284 220 | 184 171

Above 12 Feet and not above

13 Feet in Length, the 120 375 307 238 200 185

Above 13 Feet and not above

14 Feet in Length, the 120 404 331 256 215 200

Above 14 Feet and not above

15 Feet in Length, the 120 433 354 274 230 214

Above 15 Feet and not above

16 Feet in Length, the 120 462 378 1 293 246 228

Above 16 Feet and not above

17 Feet in Length, the 120 490 402 311 261 242

Above 17 Feet and not above

18 Feet in Length, the 120 519 425 329 276 257

Above 18 Feet and not above

19 Feet in Length, the 120 548 449 348 292 271

Above 19 Feet and not above

20 Feet in Length, the 120 Above 20 Feet and not above 577 1 473 366 307 285

21 Feet in Length, the 120 606 496 384 322 300

— 1

436

Appointment of Arbitrators between Canada and New Brunswick.

Award of Dr. Luchington and Dr. Twiss, 17th April 1851.

Cap. 63. Canada and New Brunswick Boundary. 14 & 15 VICT.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS certain Disputes have existed respecting the

Boundary Line between the Provinces of Canada and

New Brunswick in North America; and pending such Dis-

putes certain Funds have arisen from the disputed Territory,

and have been received by the Governments of such Provinces

respectively: And whereas, with a view to the Settlement of such Disputes, the Governor General of Canada and the

Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, by the Advice of c their respective Councils, agreed that the Matter in dispute should be referred to Arbitrators, who should be directed to

report to Her Majesty's Government, and that such Governor ' General and Lieutenant Governor should each name an Arbi-s trator on behalf of the said respective Provinces, and that such Arbitrators should name a Third Arbitrator, the Award

to be made by the Three Arbitrators or any Two of them;

and it was also agreed by such Governor General and Lieu-6 tenant Governor, with the Advice aforesaid, that the net ' Proceeds of the Funds in the Hands of the said Governments arising from the disputed Territory should be applied, first, ' to defray the Expenses of the Arbitration, second, to defray

the necessary Expenses of running the (Boundary) Line as

settled, (in case such Funds should prove insufficient, the Expenses to be borne equally by the respective Governments,)

and, third, the Balance of such Funds to the Improvement of the Land and Water Communication between the Great 1 Falls of the Saint John and the Saint Lawrence: And whereas,

in pursuance of the Agreement in this Behalf, the Governor ' General of Canada named Thomas Falconer Esquire to be

One of the said Arbitrators, and the Lieutenant Governor of ' New Brunswick named Travers Twiss Doctor of Laws to be 6 another of the said Arbitrators, and the said Thomas Falconer

and Travers Twiss named the Right Honourable Stephen ' Lushington, Judge of the Admiralty Court, to act as the Third f Arbitrator: And whereas on the Seventeenth Day of April ' One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the said Stephen

Lushington and Travers Twiss made an Award concerning

the said Boundary, and transmitted the same, together with a i Plan therein referred to, to the Right Honourable Earl Grey,

One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and such 1 Award is in the following Terms:

" That New Brunswick shall be bounded on the West by " the Boundary of the United States, as traced by the Com- w missioners of Boundary under the Treaty of Washington

" dated August 1842, from the Source of the Saint Croix to a ' " Point near the Outlet of Lake Pech-la-wec-kaa-co-nies or

" Lake

1851.

437

Commissioners of Railways Act Repeal. Cap. 63, 64.

Lake Beau, marked A. in the accompanying Copy of a Part of Plan 17 of the Survey of the boundary under the

above Treaty; thence by a straight Line connecting that

Point with another Point to be determined at the Distance of One Mile due South from the Southernmost Point

44 of Long Lake; thence by a straight Line drawn to the

Southernmost Point of the Fiefs Madawaska and Temis couata, and along the South-eastern Boundary of those Fiefs to the South-east Angle of the same; thence by a meri-

dional Line Northwards till it meets a Line running East

and West, and tangent to the Height of Land dividing the Waters flowing into the River Rimouski from those tributary to the Saint John; thence along this tangent Line East ward until it meets another meridional Line tangent to the Height of Land dividing Waters flowing into the River 1 44 Rimouski from those flowing into the Restigouchc River; 4 44 thence along this meridional Line to the 48th Parallel of Latitude; thence along that Parallel to the Mistouche River;

and thence down the Centre of the Stream of that River to the Restigouche; thence down the Centre of the Stream of the Restigouche to its Mouth in the Bay of Chaleurs; and tbcnce through the Middle of that Bay to the Gulf of the Saint Lawrence; the Islands in the said Rivers Mistouche and Restigouche to the Mouth of the latter River at Dal44 housie being given to New Brunswick And whereas it is expedient that the said Boundary should be settled in conformity with the said Award:' Now therefore, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. New Brunswick shall be bounded as in the said Award mentioned; and it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to appoint such Person or Persons as he may think fit to ascertain, define, and mark the Boundary Line between the said Province of New Brunswick and the said Province of Canada, according to the Intent of the said Award.

II. The net Proceeds of the Funds in the Hands of the local Governments of the said Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick respectively arising from the Territory heretofore in dispute between such Provinces shall be applied according to the Terms herein-before mentioned of the said Agreement concerning the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter One hundred and five), for constituting Commissioners of Rail-

E e 3 4 ways:

The Line described in the Award to Ik? the Boundary, and to be ret out accordingly.

The Funds accrued from the disputed Territory to be applied according to the Agreement.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 105.

436

Recited Act repealed, and Powers, &c. of Commissioners of Railways under subse- -quent Acts transferred to Board of Trade.

Power to continue Officers appointed by Commissioners of Railways.

Appointments, Orders, &c. of the Board of Trade how to be signified.

Cap. 64. Commissioners of Railways Act RepeaL 14 & 15 VICT.

ways: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act sbonld

be repealed, and Provision be made for the Exercise and Per* '

formance of the Powers and Duties which since the passing of the said Act have been vested in or imposed on the said Commissioner8Be it enacted by the Queen's most 'Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Tenth of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the said Act shall be repealed, and all Powers, Bights, Authorities, and Duties vested in or exercised or performed by the Commissioners of Railways under any Act passed since the passing of the said recited Act, or which may be passed during the present Session of Parliament, shall be transferred to and vested in and performed by the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations as if they had been named in such Acts instead of the said Commissioners; and all Proceedingspending before the said (Sommissioners on the said Tenth of October, or carried on under their Authority, shall be continued and carried on by and before the Lords of the said Committee, who shall have, exercise, and perform the same Powers, Rights, Authorities, and Duties in respect of all such Proceedings as might have been exercised or performed by such Commissioners in case this Act had not been passed.

II. It shall be lawful for the Lords of the said Committee, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to continue, for the Transaction of the Business transferred to the Lords of the said Committee under this Act, all or any of the Officers and Servants appointed by the said Commissioners of Railways, and from Time to Time, with such Approval, to remove such Officers and Servants, or any of them.

III. Where by any Act .relating to Railways or to any Railway the Commissioners of Railways or the Lords of the said Committee are empowered or required to make or issue any Appointment, Authority, Determination, Order, Requisition, Regulation, Certificate, or Notice, or to do any other Act, the Lords of the said Committee may, after the said Tenth of October, signify such Appointment, Authority, Determination, Order, Requisition, Regulation, Certificate, Notice, or other Act by a written or printed Document, signed by One of the joint Secretaries of the Lords of the said Committee, or by some Assistant Secretary, or other Officer appointed by them to sign Documents relating to Railways; and every Appointment, Authority, Determination, Order, Requisition, Regulation, Certificate, Notice, or other Act signified by a written or printed Document purporting to be so signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly made, issued, or done by the Lords of the said Committee; and every such Document shall be received in Evidence in all Courts and before all Justices and

others.

1S51.

Grand Jury Cm (Jrdemdy Cap. 64, 65,

others, without Proof of the Authority or Signature of such Secretary or other Officer, or other Proof whatsoever, until it be shown that such Document was not signed by the Authority of the Lords of the said Committee.

489

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the due Annexation of an isolated District, formerly of the County of Dublin, to a Barony of the County of Wicklow, for the Purposes of Grand Jury Cess and other Purposes.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to remove Difficulties in the Appoint- nit 12 Vict.

ment of Collectors of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland in certain c *

Cases, and to remove Doubts as to the Jurisdiction of the Divisional Justices of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, relating to the Recovery of Poor Rates, and other Cases, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any Assizes in Ireland held after the passing of the said Act, and before the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, if they shall think fit,

4 in Cases where Difficulties shall occur in the Collection of the public Monies as therein mentioned, to present, without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the Collection of such Monies from such Barony or Baronies where such Difficulties shall occur, to be paid to any High Constable or Collector for his Trouble in collecting the same, and the said Provision was by 'an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth is & is Vict.

4 Years of Her Majesty's Reign further continued in force to c*3S#

the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fiftyone: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be further continued 2 ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the said Provision of the said first-recited Act shall Provision of be continued and be in force to the End of the Year One

1 c. 2o. continued,

thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

II. And whereas by another Act of the Eleventh and Recited Act

4 Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to ^sa.^ntinued facilitate the Collection of County Cess in Ireland, Provision is to the End of made relating to the Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, and the the Year 1852.

4 Payment of the same for a limited Time in Ireland: And

E e 4 f whereas

440

Cap. 65.

Grand Jury Cets (Ireland1) 14 & 15 VICT.

Provisions of 12 & 13 Vict. c. 36. still in force further continued.

For rectifying a clerical Error in Section 51. of 6&7 W.4. c. 84. as to the Words " Upper Talbotstown n and " Lower Talbotstown," and authorizing Lord Lieutenant to issue a new Order in Council.

whereas the said last-mentioned Act was by the before-mentioned Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty further continued in force to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and it is expedient further to continue the same for a limited Time: Be it therefore enacted, That the last recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty shall be extended and continued to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and that the Provisions of the said Act, and the respective Powers and Authorities by the said Act given to Grand Juries at the Assizes, and to Magistrates, at any Sessions, shall be respectively applied and extended to Grand Juries at any Assizes and to Magistrates at any Sessions respectively, as the Case may be, within the Period for which the said Act is hereby extended and continued.

III. And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden [in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make Provision during the present Year, and to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one^ relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland, and to the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof; and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act which are now in force should be further continued: Be it therefore enacted, That all the Provisions and Powers of the said last-mentioned Act which are now continuing and in force shall be further continued and be in force until the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

IV. And whereas under the Provisions of an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-four, and Section Fifty-one, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council was empowered, in the Cases therein mentioned, to make an Order directing that a detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony should be annexed to or incorporated with the County or Barony wherein the same may be locally situate or by which it may be surrounded, or if such detached or isolated Portion of a County or Barony shall lie between Two or more Counties or Baronies, then and in such Case directing the same to be annexed to such of the said contiguous Counties or Baronies as he and they may think proper: And whereas, under the said Provisions, by an Order bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fortytwo, the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland did order that a certain detached Portion of the County of Dublin which was isolated between the Counties of Wicklow and Kildare should be annexed to the County of Wicklow and to the Barony of Upper Talbotstown in the said County: And whereas the Words Upper Talbotstown99 inserted in the said Order were inserted therein by a clerical Error, and instead thereof the Words Lower Talbotstown " were intended to

k *

441

1851. Grand Jury Cess (Ireland). — Inverness Bridge. Cap. 65, 66,

hare been and ought to have been inserted therein: And whereas Inconvenience has arisen from the said District being

so annexed to the Barony of Upper Talbotstoten; and it is

expedient for the Purposes of Grand Jury Cess and other Purposes that a new and amended Order should be issued for annexing the said District to the Barony of Lower Talbots- town: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council, by an Order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to cancel the said Order, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and to order and declare that the Bind District shall be annexed to the Barony of Lower Talbots town in the County of Wicklow; and such Order when so made shall have like Force and Effect, and shall and may be carried into execution in like Manner, and with and subject to like Powers and Regulations, as any Order issued under the said recited Provision of the said last-mentioned Act; and it shall Proportions of be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of Wicklow at the c^tabe^a, Assizes with the Approbation of the Judge or Judges of Assize, able by ruciT^ to adjust the Proportions of the Amount of Grand Jury Cess Baronies to be to be thenceforth paid by the respective Baronies of Upper Qjusl/jby-the Talbotstown and Lower Talbotstoum, or other Baronies of the ran unes- said County, by reason of such Change and Annexation as aforesaid, according to the respective Valuation under the Laws

in force for the Time being for the Valuation of rateable Property; and the Grand Jury Cess of Such respective Baronies shall be thenceforth levied and paid according to such Proportions so adjusted until otherwise altered by due Course of Law.

V. And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirteenth and Provision* of Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 13 *14 Vi<*to extend the Remedies for the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in to^untyof Ireland 2 And whereas Doubts are entertained whether such Dublin.

Act extends to the Collection of County Cess in the County Dublin: Be it enacted, That in the County of Dublin any Grand Jury Cess may be levied by like Remedies, in like Manner, and subject to like Provisions, as in the said recited Act contained and provided for the Collection of Grand Jury Gees in other Counties.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ness at the Town of Inverness, and improving the Approaches thereto; and for amending the Acts relating to Highland Roads and Bridges.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year 43G. s. c.so. " of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty, whereby

the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds was directed to be issued from His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, to be paid and applied by the Commissioners thereby appointed in

59 0. 3. c. 135.

4 O. 4. c. 56.

5 G. 4. C. 38.

S&4W. 4. C. SS.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 40.

Cap. 66. Internes* Bridge. 14 & 15 VICT.

the making and erecting Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His said Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-five, which Act, upon a Recital that certain Roads ' and Bridges were made in the Highlands of Scotland, and that various Grants of Money had been made for that Fui> pose, provides for the Appropriation of the Monies granted 4 m manner therein mentioned, and also provides for the Payment out of the Public Money of a Sum of Five thousand Pounds annually towards the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-six, whereby Provision was made for eventually increasing the Assessments leviable under the said recited Acts, or for erecting Toll Bars for the Collection of Rates and Duties or Tolls in aid or in lieu of such Assessments: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of His said Majesty King George the Fourth* 4 Chapter Thirty-eight, whereby specific Allotments out of the said annual Grant of Five thousand Pounds were made to the Counties therein mentioned in aid of the Expense of repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; namely, the Sum trf One thousand and sixty-six Pounds to the County of Invarness, the Sum of Four hundred and thirty-eight Pounds the County of Ross, the Sum of Two hundred and twentytwo Pounds to the County of Sutherland, and the Sum of One hundred and fifteen Pounds to the County of Caithness: And whereas the said recited Acts were amended by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-three, and by another Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, 4 Chapter Forty: And whereas a very large Extent of Roads has been made, and a great Number of Bridges have been erected, under the said recited Acts, and great Benefit has been derived to the Northern Part of the Empire and to the Country at large from the improved Intercourse thereby effected: And whereas the Stone Bridge over the River Ness at the Royal Burgh of Inverness was by a Flood in the said River in the Month of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine swept away, whereby the Communication with the Northern Counties of Scotland has been greatly impeded,

and it is essential for the restoring and maintaining of such Communication that the Bridge should be rebuilt; but there are no adequate available Means of defraying the Expenses of rebuilding the same, and it is therefore expedient that Public Assistance should be afforded for this Purpose to the Extent and on the Conditions herein-after set forth May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

I. That

Inverness Bridge *

Cap. 66.

448

1. That the said recited Acts, excepting in so fin: as the Recited Acts, same are hereby altered, shall continue in full Force, and shall be as effectual towards the carrying this Act and the Purposes and Provisions thereof into execution, as if the new Bridge and Approaches thereto by this Act authorized to be made and maintained were Roads and Bridges in the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges under and in virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them.

II. And whereas, by a Resolution of the House of Commons Sum of 7, 700f.

of the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred

and fifty-one, the Sum of Seven thousand seven hundred Pounds pence of the was granted to Her Majesty towards the Erection of a new new Bridge.

Bridge at Inverness Be it enacted, That the said Sum of Seven thousand seven hundred Pounds shall be applied by the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges towards the Erpense of erecting and constructing the new Bridge by this Act authorized to be made and maintained, in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

III. That it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Com- Treasury autho-missioners to advance by way of Loan to the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges, for the Purposes of this Act, 0fLoan. any further Sum not exceeding Ten thousand seven hundred Pounds, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to be repaid, with Interest, in manner herein-after provided.

IV. That to make Provision for Payment of the annual CommUdoners Interest and for Repayment of the Capital of the said Sum of ^J^d Ten thousand seven hundred Pounds to be advanced in Loan as Bridges^de-aforesaid there shall, upon the Advance by the said Commissioners duct or repay of the Treasury of all or any Part of the said Loan of Ten ^i^opor' thousand seven hundred Pounds, be appropriated to the Repay- ^*nty 5^. ment of the Sum advanced and Interest thereof, such Part of menu, to be ap-the Sums allotted as herein-before mentioned to the said Counties Plied inf

of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness, out of the said R^y.

annual Grant of Five thousand Pounds, as will produce an ment of Capital annual Payment at the Rate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings for of ad-

every One hundred Pounds of the Sum so advanced, and so in Yancedm proportion for any lesser Amount, and such annual Payment shall be made for the Term of Twenty-two Years, to be computed from the Sixth Day of April or Tenth Day of October which shall first happen after such Advance, and such annual Payment shall be made by equal half-yearly Payments on the Sixth Day of April and Tenth Day of October in every Year, the First of such Payments to be made on the Second of such Days which shall happen after the making of such Advance; and such annual Payment of Six Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent upon the Sum oar Sums to be advanced in Loan as aforesaid shall be chargeable rateably and proportionally upon the Sums allotted as aforesaid to the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness

444

Sums deducted to be deemed Monies expended on Highland Hoads and Bridges under the recited Acts.

Commissioners of Supply authorised to levy increased Assessment under the recited Acts to supply Deficiencies.

Deposited Plan, Sections, and Book of Ilefcr-ence to be open for Inspection.

Cap. 66. Inverness Bridge. 14 & 15 VICT.

respectively, and shall either be deducted from the Bums so allotted before the Issue thereof to the said Commissioner*. of Highland Roads and Bridges, or, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may direct, shall, if issued, be repaid by the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, in satisfaction and extinction in either Case of the said Loan and Interest thereof as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners from Time to Time to give such Directions to the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges in regard to.jtbe Payment to the Treasury of the Sums to be deducted as, said as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shatlvsetia. proper, and the said Commissioners of Highland Roqfe-aad Bridges shall comply with such Directions in all respects until the said Loan shall be wholly repaid as aforesaid., i0(f

Y. Provided always, That the Sums so to be deducted and applied shall, as regards the Powers of Assessment on the said Counties contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, and for the Purpose of regulating the Amount of such Assessr ment, be deemed and taken to be Monies applied and expended in the Maintenance and Repair of the Parliamentary and Military Roads in the said several Counties respectively under and by virtue of the said recited Acts.

YL That for supplying the Deficiency to arise by the Deductions from the said several Sums allotted to the said several Counties as aforesaid, or by the Expense which it may be necessary to incur for maintaining and repairing the said Bridge when finished, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply in each of the said several Counties of Inverness, Ross> Sutherland, and Caithness respectively to increase the Amount of the Assessment to be made in each of the said Counties by the Amount of the Sum which shall have been or shall be in each* Case deducted and applied by the said Commissioners of High* land Roads and Bridges as aforesaid, with such and the lie Powers and Authorities for enforcing the Payment thereof, and subject to such and the like Conditions and Restrictions, as are in that Behalf contained or imposed in or by the said recited Acts or any of them.

VII. And whereas a Plan of the new Bridge, Approaches- and other Works to be made and maintained under the Authority of this Act, and Sections showing the Line and Levels thereof, and also a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands 4 in, through, or into which the same are intended to be made, have been deposited with the Sheriff Clerk of the County of Inverness, and with the Town Clerk of the Burgh of Inverness at their respective Offices in Inverness Be it enacted, That such Plans, Sections, and Books of Reference shall be kept by the said Clerks, who shall permit all Persons interested to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, and shall make or allow to be made Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom for any Person

445

Inverness Bridge.

Cap. 66.

requiring the same, on being paid the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words copied.

Vm. That if any Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Error *, &c. may Description shall have been made of any Lands, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Lands described on the new, who shall" said Plan or in the said Book of Reference, it shall be lawful certify the same, for the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges to apply to the Sheriff of the County of Inverness for the Correction thereof, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners of the Lands affected by such proposed Correction; and if it shall appear to the Sheriff that such Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Description arose from Mistake, he shall fcertify the same accordingly, and shall in his Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, and in what respect any such Matter shall have been mis-stated or erroneously described, and such Certificate Certificate to be riiall be deposited in the Office of the Principal Sheriff Clerk of dep08^ the County of Inverness, and in the Office of the Town Clerk of Inverness, and also with the Session Clerk of the United Parishes of Inverness and Bona at his usual Place of Residence, and such Certificates shall be kept by such Sheriff Clerk, Town Clerk, and Session Clerk respectively along with the other Documents to which the same relate, and thereupon such Plan 6r Book of Reference shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate, and it shall be lawful for the sqid Commissioners to make the said Works in accordance with such Certificate.

IX. That true Copies of the said Plan, Sections, and Book Copies of Plan, of Reference, or of any Alteration or Correction thereof or Evl" Extracts therefrom, certified by such Sheriff Clerk or Town

Clerk, which Certificate such Sheriff Clerk or Town Clerk shall give to all Parties interested when required, shall be received iu all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

X. That in so far as applicable, and not inconsistent with Provision* of or not otherwise provided for or not varied by this Act, "The ?& 9 Vict*c.i9. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," shall be withThL Act. incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

XI. That, subject to the Provisions of this Act and of the A* to Constnl0-Acts herein-before recited and the Act incorporated herewith,

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Highland Roads proaches, and and Bridges to make, build, and maintain a new Bridge over the other Work*. River Ness of such Form and Dimensions and of such Materials as they may think fit, with the Approaches thereto and other Works described upon the said Plan, in the Situation and upon the Lands delineated thereon and described in the said Book of Reference, and also to make, build, and maintain all necessary and proper Abutments, Ramparts, Piers, Walls, Banks, Weirs,

Ways, and other Works for laying and securing the Foundation, and for the Use, Protection, and Support of the said new Bridge, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands, and such Parts of the Bed or Channel and of the Banks of the said

Power to deviate in Construction of Works.

Plans and XIII. That previously to constructing the said Bridge, or

any Part of the Works connected therewith, the said Commis-sfced at the Ad* rioners of Highland Hoods and Bridges shall deposit at the miralty Office Admiralty Office, Whitehall, Plans and Working Drawings of for Approval, the Bridge and Works connected therewith, for the Approval of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, the said Bridge and Works connected therewith shall be commenced and constructed only according to such Plan as shall be previously approved of by the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty; and if any Bridge or Work shall be commenced or completed contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to the Crown and be recoverable accordingly. -j

Wprfefl *nd Ma- XIV. That the said Bridge, Approaches, and other Works, aU the Materials used in the Construction thereof, shall be of Highland vested in the said Commissioners of Highland Roads 4$k1 Roads and Bridges, as well during the Construction thereof as aftesr the Bridges. same shall be completed, in such and the like Manner, and to the like Effect and Purpose, as if the said Bridge, Approaches, and other Works had been made and completed under the said recited Acts or any of them.

Period for com. XV. That the Powers granted by this Act and th Act

tooootpoiMed herewith for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Five Years from the posting of this Act.

Ci .oTp XVI. That

JwMrfieu Bridge.

14 & 15 VICT.

said River, as shall be necessary for these Purposes: Provided always, that before commencing the Construction of the said Bridge, Approaches, and other Works the Plans thereof shall be submitted to and be approved in Writing by the said Commissioners of the Treasury.

XII.That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges in executing the said Works to deviate from the Line delineated on the said Plan to the Extent or Distance of the Limits of Deviation marked thereon, provided that the Works shall not by means of such Deviation be made to extend into the Lands of any Person whose Name is not mentioned in the said Book of Reference without his previous Consent in Writing, unless the Name of such Penan shall have been omitted by Mistake, and the Fact that such Omission proceeded from Mistake shall have been certified in

mftnnpr liprpin-hpfnrfl

1851. Internets Bridge* Cap. 66. 44fiT

XVI. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of to ao-Highknd Roads and Bridges to acquire by Purchase, Feuing,

Lease, or otherwise, and it shall be lawful for all Persons MaterUhf whatsoever, though undef any legal Disability, to sell, feu, let, oar convey to them, all such Lands, Buildings, or Heritages as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary for jfiakipg convenient Places for breaking and storing Materials, and depositing Mud, Sand, or other Matter removed from any of the Roads under their Charge \ and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands,

Buildings, or Heritages to contract and agree for the Value thereof, or for the Loss or Damage to be occasioned by the making of such Places accordingly.

XVII. That the Tolls made payable and levied by and under ToU* to belevi. the said recited Acts or any of them shall be paid for and in respect of all Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing any Stage every Time of Coach, Diligence, Van, Caravan, or Stage Waggon, Stage passing or w Cart, or other Stage Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods passm&-for Pay or Reward, every Time of passing or repassing any Toll Bar erected or to be erected and maintained under the Authority of the said recited Acts or any of them; provided that ftosudi Stage Coach or Stage Carriage shall be liable on account of any Change of Horses for any Toll Duty not otherwise exigible.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to levy Tolls not to be any Toll, Pontage, or Rate upon, for, or in respect of the said Bridge^*16 Bridge or the Approaches to be made thereto in virtue of this Approaches. Act, but from and after the Completion of the said Bridge

and Approaches the same shall be and remain open and free to the Use of the Public in all Time coming.

XIX. That nothing contained in this Act or in the Act ^]£ngcRight* incorporated herewith shall extend to authorize the said Com- e rown* missioners of Highland Roads and Bridges to purchase, take, or

tise any Land or Soil, or any Rights in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any Two of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose, and which such Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to give, or to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

Cap. 87. Gunpowder Storu (Liverpool) Exemption Repeal.

12 0. 3. c. 61.

Exemption in recited Act as to keeping Gunpowder in certain Storehouses repealed after Expiration of Ten Months from Notification in Gazette of suitable Places for mooring of

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Third, relating to the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, as exempts therefrom certain Gunpowder Magazines and Stores near Liverpool, and to make certain temporary Provisions with regard to the said Magazines and Stores.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-one, certain Provisions were made for the safe-keeping of Gunpowder in Great Britain, and for providing Magazines for that Purpose,

and for other Purposes relating thereto; but it was thereby 4 (amongst other Exemptions) provided that that Act should not extend or be anyways construed to extend to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines or Storehouses then erected near Liverpool in the County of Lancaster: And whereas the said Magazines or Storehouses referred to as aforesaid are situate in the Township of Liscard in the Parish of WdUasey in the County of Chester, on the Side of the River Mersey opposite to Liverpool, and are now used for the Storage of large Quantities of Gunpowder by Lessees under Leases granted by the Corporation of that Town: And whereas the keeping of Gunpowder in the said Magazines or Storehouses is extremely dangerous to the Inhabitants in the immediate Neighbourhood, and to the Town and Docks of Liverpool) and the Shipping in that Port; and it is expedient that the Exemption of the said Magazines or Storehouses in the said recited Act contained should be repealed, after a Time allowed for providing more suitable Magazines for the Purpose, and that in the meantime Precautions should be taken in relation to the said Magazines or Storehouses, and that Provision should be made for the Establishment and Regulation of such more suitable Magazines Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. So much of the said Act as exempts from the Operation thereof the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines or Storehouses aforesaid shall be repealed from and after the Expiration of Ten Months after such Notification in the Gazette of the Appointment of suitable Places for the mooring of Vessels in the River Mersey as is herein-after provided, and the said Magazines or Storehouses shall thenceforth cease to be used for the Storage or keeping of Gunpowder; and any Person thereafter having or keeping, or permitting to be had or kept, in the said Magazines or Storehouses or any of them, at any One

Time,

Gunpowder Stores (Liverpool) Exemption Eepeah Cap. 67.

Time, more than Two hundred Pounds of Gunpowder, shall be subject to the Penalties imposed by the said Act upon any Person being a Dealer in Gunpowder having or keeping at any One Time more than Two hundred Pounds of Gunpowder in any Magazine or Storehouse within any City, Borough, or Market Town of Great Britain, and all the Provisions of the said Act in relation to the Penalties thereby imposed shall be applicable to the Penalties imposed by this Act.

II. Provided, that after the passing of this Act, and until the Time by this Act appointed for the Discontinuance of the said Magazines or Storehouses for the Storage or keeping of Gunpowder, the said Magazines and Storehouses may be used for the Storage or keeping of Gunpowder under the following Conditions, and not otherwise; viz., the Lessees and Occupiers and all Persons having the Care and Control of the said Magazines or Storehouses shall observe and perform all such Regulations and Directions m relation to the Care and Management of the iaid Magazines and Storehouses, and the Quantity of Gun-

Swder to be at any One Time stored in the said Magazines and orehouses, and the Storage of the Gunpowder therein, and the bringing or Removal of Gunpowder into or from the same, ttofcalf be from Time to Time prescribed by the Master General of Her Majesty's Ordnance; and all such Regulations and Directions shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall take effect at such Time as shall be therein mentioned in this Behalf, or, if no Time be mentioned, then at the Expiration of Seven Days after such Publication thereof; and if any Lessee d^Occupier or Person having the Care and Control of the said Magazines or Storehouses or any of them make any wilful Neglect or Default in the Observance or Performance of the eaia Regulations and Directions he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

III. The Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may, with the Approval of the Master General of Her Majesty's Ordnance, and of the Commissioners for the Conservancy of the River Mersey, appoint suitable Places in such River for the mooring of Vessels to be used for the Reception and Storage of Gunpowder by the Lessees of the said Magazines or Storehouses, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them. Notice of which Appointment shall be inserted in the London Gazette; and the said Lord High Admiral or the first-mentioned Commissioners may from Time to Time, upon the Application of any other Persons desirous of mooring Vessels in the said River for the like Purposes, and with such Approval as aforesaid, appoint any other suitable Places in the said River for the mooring of such Vessels; and, subject to the Regulations and Directions to be made and given under this Act, Vessels suitable for the Reception and Storage of Gunpowder may be moored, provided, and kept in the Places for the Time being appointed as aforesaid, and may be used as Magazines for Gun-1 j

449

Vessels in the River Mersey is provided.

Regulations as to the Use of the Magazines previously to their Discontinuance.

Lord High Admiral, with Approval of the Master General of the Ordnance and the Conservators of the River Mersey, may appoint Places for mooring Vessels for storing Gunpowder in the said River.

460

Ordnance to appoint Officer to superintend Stores, with

ttona.

Power to dis-

to appoint others.

Cap. 67 .: Gunpowder Stores (Liverpool) Exemption Septal,

powder; and, subject to such Regulations and Directions, such Vessels shall be exempted from the Operation of the recited Act, in like Manner in all respects as the Magazines or Storehouses near Liverpool therein mentioned were thereby so exempted.

IV. That an Officer shall be appointed by the Master General of the Ordnance to superintend the said. Stores; and that the said Officer so appointed shall have Authority to enforce such

Authority to Regulations as shall be deemed necessary by the Board of Ord-Regula' nance in the Management of such Stores, and shall be required to enforce the same; and that such Officer shall be required to report from Time to Time to the Board of Ordnance all Cases of Neglect of such Regulations on the Part of Persons engaged in the Gunpowder Trade in the River Mersey^ or in the Management of such Stores.

V. Provided always, That if it be represented to the said r°tiUit^Fand* kord High Admiral or first-mentioned Commissioners that any a - , an Place in the said River for the Time being appointed under this Act for the mooring of such Vessels as aforesaid is or has become unsafe or unsuitable for such Purpose* it shall be lawful for him or them to cause Inquiry to be made thereon, and, if he or they think fit, to order that such Place shall, after such Time as he or they may limit in this Behalf, cease to be a Place for mooring Vessels to be used as Magazines for Gunpowder under this Act; and Notice of such Order shall be given by delivering or leaving a Copy thereof, signed by the Secretary for the Time being of the Admiralty, on board every such Vessel moored in such Place as aforesaid, or shall be published in the London Gazette; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or first-mentioned Commissioners thereupon, with such Approval as aforesaid, from Time to Time to appoint any other Place in the said River for the mooring of Vessels to be used for the Reception and Storage of Gunpowder in lieu of any Place discontinued under this Provision.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Master General of Her Majesty's ofthmakeIRe^e Ordnance from Time to Time to make and give all such Regu-^Stions con- lations and Directions in relation to the Construction of the

Vessels to be moored at the Places appointed under this Act, and the Mode of storing Gunpowder therein, and for limiting the Quantities of Gunpowder to be kept therein, and in relation to the Care and Management of such Vessels, and for the safe keeping of such Gunpowder, and in relation to the receiving and delivering of Gunpowder into and from the said Vessels, as to such Master General may seem proper; and the Officers of the Board of Ordnance shall have Power at all Times to euter the said Vessels and every Part thereof, and to examine any Person found therein touching the Observance of the said Regulations and Directions; and such Regulations and Directions shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall take effect at such Time as shall be therein expressed in that Behalf, or if a Time be not so expressed, then at the Expiration of Seven

Days

Master General

: erning' noored i

moored in the River Mersey.

- Gunpowder Stores (Liverpool) ExemptionRepeaL Cap/07. 451

Days after such Publication thereof; and if any Owner, Lessee, P«odtycmP«r *

Or Occupier of any such Vessel, or any Person having the Care

or Control of any such Vessel wilfully fail in the due Per- Regulation*.

formanoe or Observance of such Regulations and Directions, or

if any Person use for the Reception or Storage of Gunpowder

any Vessel in the said River, not being a Vessel moored in a

Place appointed (and for the Time being continuing to be a

Place) for mooring Vessels for that Purpose, be shall be guilty

of a Misdemeanor.

VII. And whereas the existing Leases of the said Maga- FowwrtoCnr- sines or Storehouses at Liecard are for long Terms of Years at ' nominal Rents, and were obtained for valuable Consideration Lessee* of ' paid or given to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Storehouses,

Borough of Liverpool (in this Act called the Corporation) for J£e int^Tcrf ' the granting thereof, and with the Intention, on the Part of the Lessees to the Corporation and the Lessees respectively, that such Maga- cease.

sines or Storehouses should be used for the Storage or keeping '.of Gunpowder: And whereas the Corporation are willing to ' pay to the Lessees the Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred ' and eighty Pounds on condition that the Term and Interest ' whatsoever of the Lessees in the said Magazines or Storehouses, with the Appurtenances, shall thereujxm cease; and ' the Lessees are willing to accept that Sum in full of all their ' Claims and Demands whatsoever with respect to the said ' Magazines or Storehouses upon the Corporation and the Inhabitants of Liverpool:* Be it therefore enacted, That the Cor-

Sration shall on Demand pay to the Lessees the clear Sum of ine thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, and immediately on such Payment being made all the Term, Right, and Interest whatsoever both at Law and in Equity of the Lessees and every of them under or by virtue of the several now existing Leases of the said Magazines or Storehouses, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, shall absolutely cease and determine, and the Payment by the Corporation to the Lessees of that Sum shall be full Satisfaction of all the Claims and Demands whatsoever of the Lessees and every of them under' or by virtue of those Leases respectively, and by reason of the Operation of this Act upon or against the Corporation and the Inhabitants of Liverpool respectively.

VII [. The said Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred and The Sum of eighty Pounds shall be paid by the Corporation out of the 9^u|°0fC Borough Fund of the Borough of Liverpool, or by or out of any Borough Fund Money which the Corporation shall duly raise by Bond or of Liverpool. Mortgage on the Credit of the Borough Fund.

IX. The Word "Lessees " in this Act shall mean the several Meaning of Persons named as the respective Lessees in the several Leases *Lessees* of the said Magazines and Storehouses at Liscard or any Part thereof respectively which have been granted by the Corporation since the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and the Survivors and Survivor of them respectively, and the Executors and Administrators of such respective Survivors.

Ff 2

452

Power to Three or more Lessees to demand Payment.

Payment by Corporation to Three or more of the Lessees to be sufficient

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90.

Appointment of Commissioners to act with Poor Law Commissioners.

Cap. 67, 68. Medical Charities (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT

X. The Demand on the Corporation for the Payment to the Lessees of the said Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds may be made by any Three or more of the Lessees on behalf of themselves and all the other Lessees, and shall be made by Writing delivered to or at the Office of the Town Clerk of the Borough of Liverpool.

XI. The said Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds may be paid by the Corporation to such Three or more of the Lessees for and on behalf of themselves and all the other Lessees as the Corporation think fit, and such Three or more of the Lessees may receive the same, and their Receipts for the same shall be effectual Discharges for the same, and the said Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, when so received, shall be apportioned by them among themselves and the other Lessees, according to their respective Interests, but the Corporation shall not be bound to see to the Apportionment or to the Application of the said Sum of Nine thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, or any Part thereof, or be liable for the Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof: Provided always, that in making such Apportionment each of the Sixteen Compartments into which the said Magazines or Storehouses are divided shall with the Appurtenances be deemed of the Value of Six hundred and eleven Pounds Five Shillings.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and Management of Medical Charities in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and Management of certain of the Medical Charities in Ireland, and to amend for this Purpose the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of c Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the c Execution of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That it shall and may be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen, by Warrant under Her Sign Manual, from Time to Time to appoint Two Persons (One of whom shall be a Physician or Surgeon of not less than Ten Years Standing, and shall have the Title of Medical Commissioner,) who, together with the Commissioners appointed under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, shall, from

1851. Medical Charities (Ireland)*. Cap. 68. 453

the Time of the Publication herein-after directed to be made in the Dublin Gazette, be " the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland" within the Meaning of the aforesaid Act, pursuant to, and with the Powers and Authorities given by, the said Act, and the several Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor, and also for executing this Act, and such Two Persons so appointed under this Act shall hold Office during the Pleasure of Her said Majesty; and immediately on the Publication aforesaid the Office of Assistant Commissioner created by the said first-mentioned Act shall cease and determine; and in the Absence of the Chief Commissioner for the Time being in the said Act mentioned the Powers, Duties, and Functions of the said Chief Commissioner under the said' Act shall be exercised by such One of the other Commissioners as shall be appointed so to act by a Majority of the Commissioners, with the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

II. Notice of the Appointment of such Two Persons by Her Appointment of Majesty shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, and on the

Day after the Publication of the first Appointment of such Gazette. Persons all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland shall take effect, and shall be exercised by them, in like Manner as the Powers and Authorities given to the Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty: Provided always, that Powers given any Order for the Formation or Alteration of any Dispensary by this Act how District or Districts under this Act, as herein-after mentioned, to 1x5 exCTC1#ed* or for framing or establishing any General Rules or Regulations relating thereto, or altering or revoking the same, shall be signed by not less than Two of the said Commissioners.

III. The said Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint Appointment of so many fit Persons as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's In*Pectanu Treasury shall sanction, being practising Physicians or Surgeons of not less than Seven Years Standing, to be Inspectors

to assist in carrying out the Provisions of this Act, and may remove all or any of the said Inspectors, and appoint others in their Place.

IV. There shall be paid to the said Two Commissioners to be appointed under the Provisions of this Act, and also to the said Inspectors, such Salaries as shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of any Monies which may from Time to Time be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

Y. Neither the Medical Commissioner nor any such Inspector as aforesaid shall, while he continues in such respective Office, practise as a Physician or Surgeon, or in any other professional Capacity.

VI. The Guardians of each Union in Ireland shall, when so required by the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland, with all reasonable Despatch,

Salaries'of Commissioners, &c. to be paid from Funds provided by Parliament.

No Medical Commissioner or Inspector to practise, &c.

Power to Guardians to divide Unions into Dispensary Districts;

454

Appointment of Dispensary Committee.

Cap. 68.

Medical Charities (Ireland). 14 & 15 VtbT.r

divide such Union into so many Dispensary Districts, having regard to the Extent and Population of such Districts^ as mhyi to them appear necessary; and in case the said Commissfohera* shall approve of the Districts so formed by the said Guardians, 7 they shall issue an Order under their Seal declaring the same; and in case they shall not approve of the Districts so formed by the said Guardians, the said Commissioner^ may and they are hereby empowered to issue an Order under their Seal declaring the Districts which to them may appear necessary; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, when they may see Occasion, from Time to Time to require the Guardians to alter such Districts, ject to the Approval by Order under Seal of the said ComF* missioners, and in case of their Disapproval, or of the Neglect of the Guardians to make such Alteration when required, thfe^ said Commissioners may alter such Districts by such an Order; provided always, that in no Case shall an Electoral Division* formed under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor be divided; and from and after a Day or Days tl>: be named in any such Order the Cost of all Medical Retfcfc afforded within any such Dispensary District to which such Order shall relate, together with all the Salaries and Charges' incidental to the same, shall be charged on the Poor Rates of the Electoral Division or Divisions comprised therein, according' to the net annual Value of each such Division under the PtxAr Law Valuation in force for the Time being; and the said Commissioners shall declare in such Order the Number and Quail- fications of the Officers to be appointed for the Service of each1' such Dispensary District, and shall likewise declare in the said' Order the Number of Persons who shall be Members of the Committee of Management of such Districts, as herein-after is provided.

VII. Within One Month after the Receipt of the said Order" the Guardians of the Union shall elect, if necessary, a sufficient Number of Ratepayers resident in each District, and liable to pay Poor Rates in respect of Property therein of the net annual Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, who, together with the ex-officio and elected Guardians of the Poor resident or being the Owners or Occupiers of Property therein, shall be a Committee for the Management of the Dispensary of such District, so that the Number of the Members of the said Committee shall amount to the Number named in the Order of the said Commissioners, and shall from Time to Time fill up any Vacancies occurring after any General Election of such Committee; and the Committee so appointed shall hold Office until the Appointment of a new Committee after the next annual Election of Guardians in the said Union; and at the first Meeting of the Guardians after such annual Election, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, the Committee of Management for the said Dispensary District shall be appointed in like Manner for the ensuing Year, and so likewise in each succeeding Year.

W8L Meditml ChariHe» (Ireland)* Cap. 68. 458

VII. The Guardians of the Union shall, as soon after Receipt Guardian* ' of the said Order as conveniently may be, provide a House,

Btulding, Room or Rooms, to be used as a Dispensary or Office &a, aadabo for the Medical Officer of each such District, and for the Meet- Medicine* A* ings of the Committee of Management, and shall provide such Committee of Medicines and Medical Appliances as may be necessary for the Medical Relief of the Poor in the said District, and the Commit^ CoJ^»-tee of Management shall appoint, from Time to Time, subject to sioners, m*y the Approval of the said Commissioners, One or more Medical «pp°^Offi^ Officers for the said District, with such Qualifications as the said Salaries as Commissioners shall determine, and with such Salaries as the the Guardian* Guardians, subject to the Approval of the said Commissioners, ^lthth*a* shall determine; and the said Commissioners may, and they are detarmln^ ay hereby empowered, when they may see Occasion, from Time t6 Time to regulate the Amount of Salaries or Allowances payable to such Officers respectively, and the Time and Mode of Payment thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remove any such Medical Officer on sufficient Grounds, and to direct the said Committee of Management to appoint another Medical Officer in his Stead; and, on Failure of the said Committee to appoint a Medical Officer of such Dispensary District for One Month after the Receipt of the Direction of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint such Medical Officer by an Order under their Seal.

IX. Every Member of such Dispensary Committee, and every Power to afford Relieving Officer and Warden acting for an Electoral Division ^P*?* included in such Dispensary District, shall have Power to afford

Medical Relief by the Issue of a Ticket for Medicine and Advice, or a Ticket, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall prescribe, addressed to the Medical Officer of the District, directing him to afford Medicine and Advice to or attend any poor Person resident therein; and it shall be the Duty of the Medical Officer to afford Medicine and Advice, or to attend such poor Person, as thereby directed: Provided always, that if any Person who shall obtain a Ticket for Medical Attendance from any Relieving Officer or Warden, or from any Member of the Committee, shall, at the next or any subsequent Meeting of the Committee after the Issue of the Ticket, be declared by a Majority of the Members then present not to be a fit Object for Dispensary Relief, the Ticket shall be cancelled, and the Holder thereof disentitled to further Relief.

X. From and after the Day to be named as aforesaid in the Other Proriaon Order of the said Commissioners declaring any Dispensary Dis-

trict, all Provision now made by Law for affording Dispensary to ceate after Relief from Poor Rate, or by means of Presentment from the Day named in County Cess, shall, except for the Purpose of defraying Expenses' incurred before such Date, cease as to the Baronies or Portions of Baronies or Places included in such Dispensary Districts, and all Funds and Property derived or arising for the Support of such Institutions from Bequests shall be applied to the Support thereof according to the Trusts on which such Bequests were

A

ISoviio as to County Infirmaries, &c. under 5 G. 3. c.SO.(I.)

Members of Committee of Dispensary not to be concerned in supplying Articles for Use in Dispensary, under Penalty of50t and Costs.

Regulations as to Management of Dispensaries.

Regulations as to Vaccination.

Cap. 68. Medical Charities (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vwt

granted: Provided always, that where, under the Provisions of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for erecting and establishing public Infirmaries and Hospitals in this Kingdom, any Allowance or Stipend is now payable to any Officer of a County Infirmary or other Medical Institution, such respective Allowance or Stipend shall wholly cease to be payable to or to the Use of such Infirmary or Medical Institution under the Provisions of the said Act, when and as soon as the Person holding such Office at the Time of the passing of this Act shall wholly cease to hold the said Office in the said Infirmary or Medical Institution: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive of the Benefit of Aid from any Parliamentary Grant any Infirmary or Hospital in the City or County of Dublin now receiving such Aid, so long as such Aid shall continue to be granted by Parliament.

XI. No Guardian or Member of the Committee of Management, paid Officer, or other Person concerned in the providing, ordering, Management, Control, or Direction of the Medical Relief of the Poor in any Dispensary District, shall, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person, provide, furnish, or supply for his own Profit any Medicines, Instruments* Furniture, or Goods for the Use of any Dispensary in any District for which he shall act in any such Capacity as aforesaid, during the Time for which he shall retain such Office, nor shall during such Time be interested, directly or indirectly, in any Contract relating thereto, under Pam of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with the full Costs of Suit, to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin.

XII. The said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed, with all reasonable Despatch after the first Appointment of Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, to frame General Rules and Regulations for the Government of each Dispensary District, and for the Guidance and Control of the Guardians, the Committees of Management, and the several Officers to be appointed in connexion therewith respectively, and shall be empowered to alter or revoke such Rules and Regulations, and make such new Rules and Regulations, from Time to Time, as they may think fit

XIII. The Medical Officer of every Dispensary District constituted under this Act shall and he is hereby required to vaccinate all Persons who may come to him for that Purpose, subject to such Regulations as may be issued by the Commissioners in that Behalf, and which Regulations the said Commissioners are hereby required to make and issue; and that from and after the Declaration of any such Dispensary District it shall not be obligatory on the Board of Guardians of the Poor Law Union containing such District or any Part thereof to make. a Contract with the Medical Practitioner for the Vaccination of. Persons resident in such District, under the Provisions of an Act passed

mi.

Medical Charities (Ireland) *

Cap. 68.

m

pawed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Practice of Vaccination; and 3 & 4 Vict. c, 29. after the Appointment of a Medical Officer for such Dispensary District all existing Contracts theretofore made with the Guar* dians under the Authority of the last-mentioned Act shall oease and determine, Payment being made to such Medical Practitioner of such proportional Sum for past Services as may then be due to him.

XIV. When, on the Formation of any District under the A* to exiiting Provisions of this Act, a Medical Practitioner shall be in posses- ^SmSSbiI sion of a Medical Office connected with any Dispensary subject

to the Authority of the said Commissioners, and situate in the Locality included in such District, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to declare him to be, in the first instance, the Medical Officer or One of the Medical Officers of such new District; and so likewise when Two or more Medical Practitioners shall be circumstanced as aforesaid, in case the like Number of Medical Officers is required in such new District, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to declare such Persons to be the Medical Officers of such new District; but in case a smaller Number of such Officers shall be required for such District, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall see fit, to nominate such Persons, or any of them, as the Persons from whom a Selection shall be made for a Medical Officer or Officers under the Provisions of this Act, by the Parties entitled to appoint to such Office; and it shall not be necessary for the said Commissioners, unless they think fit, to reject any such Medical Practitioner so in possession of any such Office before the Formation of such District, by reason of the Want of such Qualifications os may be required by them in other Cases.

XV. It shall be the Duty of any salaried Medical Officer of Salaried Medi-a Dispensary District under this Act, or (if more than One) then the nearest of such Medical Officers, save in the Case of his Sick- attempt Exa-neas or necessary Absence, and then the other nearest of such mi nation of dan-Medical Officers, without any further Fee or Reward, to examine gw^Lunatica, and certify under the Statute in that Behalf as to the Case of tendancTat -any dangerous Lunatic brought before a Justice of the Peace Bride well* within his respective District, when summoned by such Justice the"* so to do, and also to give his Medical Attendance and Care, so 8tncts* far as shall be necessary, to the Prisoners or Inmates in any Bridewell or House of Correction situate within such respective District, and to supply to such Prisoners and Inmates the necessary Medicines, the Account of which Medicines shall be submitted to the next Meeting of the Committee of such respective District, who shall make Provision for the Payment thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to take into account the probable Extent of such extraordinary Duties with respect to any such Bridewell or House of Correction, in fixing the Amount of the Salaries of the Medical Officers of such Districts.

VII

Cap. 66. '

Medical Charitie* (Ireland)* 14 & 15 Victl

Power of Commisaonenand Inspectors to inquire on Orth, at require a Declaration.

Provisions as to the summoning of Witnesses, &c. by Commissioners and Inspectors.

Penalty for giving false evidence.

Penalty for refilling to attend to Summonses or to give Evidence.

XVI. The Commissioners or any One of them, and also any such Inspector acting in execution of this Act, by Summons under the Seal of the Commissioners, or under the separate Hand and Seal of any Commissioner or Inspector respectively, as the Case may be, may require the Attendance of all such Persons as they or he shall think fit to call before them or any of them respectively upon any Matter connected with the Execution of this Act, relating to any Dispensary subject under this Act to the Authority of the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be set forth in the Summons, and may make Inquiry and require Returns, and may administer Oaths, and examine all such Persons upon Oath, and may require and enforce the Production upon Oath of Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps, Plans, Surveys, Valuations, and Writings, and Copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to stay such Matter as aforesaid; or when the Commissioners, or any One of the Commissioners, or any Inspector, shall think fit, instead of requiring such Oath as aforesaid, they or he may require any such Person to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Tntth of the Matter respecting which he shall have been or shall T)h so examined: Provided always, that no Person shall be required, in obedience to any such Summons of any of the said Commissioners, to go more than Thirty Statute Miles from the Place of his Abode, or, in obedience to any such Summons of an Inspector, to go more than Five Miles from the Place of his Abode: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall empower the Commissioners or any Commissioner or Inspector to require the Production of the Title, or of any Papers or Deeds relating to the Title, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not being Property under the Authority of or vested in the said Commissioners by this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorise the said Commissioners or any of them, or any such Inspector, to exercise such Powers of Summons, Inquiry, Examination, or other such last-mentioned Powers as aforesaid, in the Case of any Hospital, Infirmary, or Medical Institution supported by private Endowments, Bequests, Property, or Subscriptions.

XVII. Every Person who upon any such Examination as aforesaid under the Authority of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence, or wilfully make or subscribe a false Declaration, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and every Person who shall refuse or wilfully neglect to attend in obedience to any' such Summons as aforesaid of the Commissioners, or any One of the Commissioners, or any Inspector, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter, suppress, conceal, destroy, ot refuse to produce any Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps, Plans, Surveys, Valuations, or Writings, ot Copies of the same, which may be required as aforesaid to be produced for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person authorized by this Act to require the Production thereof, shall be liable to forfeit a SuMr not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered before any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions under his or their Warrant, by

Distress

1851. " Medical Charities (Ireland). ' Cajkfifi;

DiMrew mA SU* of the Gbods of the Party so offending, returning to such Party the Overplus.

XVIII. Every Inspector acting in execution of this Act shall be entitled to enter at all Times into and to inspect every

Dispensary or Building used for the Purposes of this Act, and to attend the Meetings of every Board of Guardians or Dispensary Committee on all Business arising in the Execution of this Act, and to take part in the Proceedings, but not to vote at such Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or an Inspector by their Order in Writing, shall be empowered (when they shall deem it expedient) to enter, inspect, and report upon any Infirmary, Hospital, or Medical Institution supported in the whole or in part by any Public Funds, Rates, or Assessments.

XIX. The said Commissioners shall be the Commissioners for executing in Ireland the Powers and Purposes of "The Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1848," and an Act of the following Session of Parliament amending the same; and all Committees, Inspectors, Medical Officers, and other Persons appointed or employed under the Powers of this Act shall and they are hereby required, within their respective Districts, to aid the Guardians of the Poor, and such Officers or Persons as they shall appoint or employ, in the Superintendence and Execution of any Directions and Regulations which may at any Time be issued by the said Commissioners for the Time being under the Authority and by virtue of the said Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, and the said Act amending the same, or under or by virtue of the Provisions hereof in relation thereto; and all Expenses which shall be incurred on account or in execution of the said last-mentioned Act or Acts, and chargeable upon the Poor Rates, shall hereafter be charged on {he Poor Rates of the respective Electoral Division situate within such District, in like Manner, and be ascertained, paid, and audited, in all respects as directed for the Expenditure under the Provisions and for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. The said Commissioners shall once at least in every Year submit to the Lord Lieutenant a General Report of their Proceedings under the Provisions of this Act, including the total Expenses incurred in Ireland and in each Union in carrying this Act into execution in each Year, together with a List of all Districts and Dispensaries under this Act, and the total annual Expense of each; and every such General Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XXI. In the Interpretation of this Act the Words "Lord Lieutenant" shall extend to and include the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Word " Medical " shall be construed to extend to and include the Word

t "Surgical, "

469

Inspectorate visit Dispensa-ties, Ac.

Commissioners and Inspectors to inspect, &c. Hospitals, &c. supported bj Public Funds, Bates, &c.

Commissioners to execute In Ireland the Nuisances Removal and Die-eases Prevention Act, 1848, (11 & 12 Vict. c. 123.) and the amending Act '' (12 & 13 Vict c. 111.)

Annual Reports to be made to Lord Lieutenant, and laid before Parliament

Interpretation of Terms.

[Commencement of Act.]

11 & 19 Vict c* 107.

13 & 14 Vict c. 71.

FinUrecited Act continued till 1st Sept 1852,

Cap. 69, 70. Sheep, fpc. Contagion* Disorder* Prevention.

" Surgical," unless there be something in the Subject repugnant to such Construction.

XXII. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act ' " the Reign of Her

was

in the Twelfth Year of present Majesty (Chapter One hundred and seven), for preventing, until the First Day of ' September One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other

Animals: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Fourteenth ' Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty (Chapter Seventy-

one), the said Act was continued until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and if ' Parliament should be then sitting, then further until the End ' of the then Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said first-mentioned Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first-recited Act shall continue and be in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and if Parliament be then sitting, then further until the End of the then Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, so far as relates to Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS, on account of Circumstances connected with T the Tenure of Laud in Ireland, the Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are found to be unsuited to the existing Condition of that Country, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for ascertaining the Purchase Money or Compensation to be paid by Railway Companies in Ireland for the Lands required for their Undertakings, and for determining Differences with respect to the Works to be made and maintained by such Companies for the Accommodation of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands

481

Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). Cap. 70.

adjoining such Railways Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, legal Instruments, Proceedings at Law or in Equity, and all other Instruments and Proceedings whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Railways Act (Ireland), 1851."

II. This Act shall apply to every Railway in Ireland authorized to be made by any Act passed in this Session of Parliament, or which shall hereafter be passed, and which shall authorize the Purchase or taking of Lands for such Railway, and also to every Railway or Portion of a Railway in Ireland by any Act heretofore passed authorized to be made in relation to which the compulsory Powers for taking Lands are still in force, and this Act shall be incorporated with and form Part of the Acts authorizing the said Undertakings: Provided always, that this Act shall not apply to the Railways authorized to be made by " The Waterford and Limerick Railway Amendment Act, 1850," w The Dublin and Drogheda Railway Act, 1850, "

The Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Act, 1850," and " The Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland (Deviation and Amendment) Act, 1850," " The Waterford and Limerick Railway Deviation Act, 1851," and u The Killarney Junction Railway Act, 1851," " The Longford Line and Liffg Branch, 13 & 14 Victf or to which the Provisions of such Acts respectively are applicable, and shall not in anywise interfere with or affect the Provisions of such Acts.

III. The Clauses of w The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, except Sections Sixteen and Seventeen of the said Act, shall not be applicable or in force with respect to any Railway or Portion of a Railway in Ireland to which this Act applies.

IV. When and so often as any Company authorized to make a Railway to which this Act applies shall require to purchase or take any Lands which they are by the Special Act authorized to purchase or take, the Company shall cause to be made out, and to be signed by their Engineer and Secretary, Maps or Plans and Schedules of the Lands so required (and for the Purchase of which Lands, or of all the several Interests in which Lands, the Company shall not have contracted), and also of the Works which the Company propose to make and maintain for the Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Railway (and for Compensation in lieu of which the Company shall not have contracted), together with the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the said Lands respectively, so far as the same can be reasonably ascertained, with Estimates of the gross annual Value and the Value in Fee of such Lands so required to be purchased or taken as

aforesaid,

[Short Title.]

Act to apply to Railways in Ireland authorised in this Session, &c. and to those heretofore authorised, except IS & 14 Vict. c. xxix.

IS & 14 Vict. c. xlv.

ISA 14 Vict. c. lxxvi.

IS & 14 Vict c. lxxxviii.

14 & 15 Vict.

C.CX.

14 & 15 Vict c. ciii.

Certain Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. not to apply to this Act

Company to deliver Maps, Schedules, and Estimates at the Office of Commissioners of Public Works, and deposit Copies with Clerks of the Peace and Clerks of Unions.

US

Commissioners of Public Works to appoint an Arbitrator, on Application of Company.

Arbitrator may call for Documents, and administer Oaths.

Arbitrator to make and subscribe Declaration.

Cap. 7(X LatuU damn CaneeUdalian (Ireland)* 14 & 15 Vict.

aforesaid, and for the Purchase of which, or of all the several Interests in which, the Company shall not have contracted, and the separate and distinct Value of each such Interest which the Company shall not have Contracted to purchase, so far as the same can be reasonably ascertained (taking into consideration Damage by Severance, and any other Matters by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, *1845, required to be considered, if necessary); and evenr such Map or Plan shall be upon a Scale of not less than One Inch to every Two hundred Feet; and all Lands, Buildings, Yards, and Courtyards, and Lands within the Curtilage of any Building, and Ground cultivated as a Garden, shall be marked thereon with distinct Numbers corresponding with the Numbers marked upon the Parliamentary Plans of the Railway, and shall have put thereon a distinct Valuation to each Number, and all Bridges, Roads, and other Works proposed to be made for the Use and Accommodation of the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands adjoining the Railway shall also be marked on the said Maps or Plans; and the Company shall deposit such Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, at the Office of the Commissioners of Public Work? in Ireland, and a Copy of such Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, or so much thereof as relates to every County in or through which the Railway is proposed to be made, with the Clerk of the Peace of each such County, and a Copy of so much of the said Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, as relates to each Electoral Division in which any such Lands shall be situate, with the Clerk of the Poor Law Union in which every such Electoral Division is situate.

V. After such Deposit at the Office of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of the Company, to appoint aa Arbtrator between the Company and the Persons interested in the Lands to which such Maps or Plans, Schedules mid Estimates relate, and such Arbitrator shall, in relation to the Lands required and the Works to be made and maintained by the Company, as herein mentioned, be the Arbitrator under this Act; and if any such Arbitrator die, or refuse, decline, or become incapable to act, the said Commissioners may appoint an Arbitrator in his Place, who shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the Arbitrator first appointed.

VI. The Arbitrator may call for the Production of any Documents in the Possession or Power of the Company, or of any Party making any Claim under the Provisions of this Act, which such Arbitrator may think necessary for determining any Question or Matter to be determined by him under this Act, and may examine any such Party and his Witnesses, and the Witnesses for the Company, on Oath, and administer the Oaths necessary for that Purpose.

VII. Before any Arbitrator shall enter upon any Inquiry he shall, in the Presence of a Justice of the Peace, make and subscribe the following Declaration; that is to say,

I A.B.

46$

\B6l *

Lauda jClttutatOonteiitiniian-^Ireland)^ Cap. 70.

do solemnly and: sincerely declare. That I will fiufo *

1 folly and honestly* and to the best of my Skill and Ability *

hear and determine foe Matters referred to me under foe Provisions of foe Act \nandtig this Act]. A B

Made and subscribed in the Presence of . '

And such Declaration shall be annexed to foe Award when made; and if any Arbitrator* having made such Declaration* wilfully act contrary thereto* he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VDI. Upon the First Appointment of an Arbitrator as aforesaid* the said Commissioners shall deliver to such Arbitrator foe Maps or Plans* Schedules and Estimates* deposited at their Office as herein-before required; and the Company shall forthwith after auch Appointment publish Notice of such Appointment* and of such Deposits as herein-before directed with such Clerk of the Peace and Clerks of Poor Law Unions as aforesaid, once in the Dublin Gazette, and once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper circulated in foe County in which the Lands are situate* stating the Times and Places of suck Deposits* and requiring all Persons claiming to have any Bight to or Interest in the Lands required for foe Purposes of the Bail way* and specified in such Maps or Plans* or to have Compensation for any Injury to any Lands injuriously affected by the Execution of foe Works of the Company, or to have any Works made by foe Company for foe Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Railway* to deliver to foe Arbitrator* on or before a Day fixed by the Arbitrator and named in such Notice (and which Day shall not be earlier than Thirty-one Days from the Date of the Insertion of foe last of such Newspaper Notices), a short Statement in Writing of the Nature of such Claim; and upon the Appointment of any Arbitrator in foe Place of an Arbitrator dying, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act* all the Documents relating to the Matter of the Arbitration which were in the Possession of such Arbitrator shall be delivered to the Arbitrator appointed in his Place* and the Company shall publish Notice of such Appointment in the Dublin Gazette.

IX. The Arbitrator shall* after the Expiration of the Period within which such Claims are required to be delivered to him as aforesaid* proceed to inquire into and adjudicate upon the Value of the Lands required for the Purposes of the Railway, and specified in such Maps or Plans* and the several Interests in such Lands* in respect of which no Agreement shall have been come to between the Company and the Persons entitled thereto, and the Purchase Money to be paid for such Lands, and the Compensation to be paid for Injury to any Lands injuriously affected by the Execution of the Works of the Company, and to inquire and determine what Works should be made and maintained by the Company for the Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Railway; and the Arbitrator shall, after due

Inquiry

Maps, &c. deposited with Commissioners of Public Works to be delivered to Arbitrator. Notice of Appointment of Arbitrator, &c. to be published.

Arbitrator to adjudicate upon Compensation to be paid for Lands and upon Accommodation Works.

464

Cap. 70. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Inquiry and Examination, frame a Draft Award setting forth the Price or Compensation to be paid by the Company in respect of the several Interests in the Lands so required and specified or injuriously affected, and the Works to be made and maintained by the Company for the Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Railway; and where any Inquiry relates not only to the Value of the Lands to be purchased, but also to Compensation claimed for Injury done or to be done to any Lands held therewith, the Arbitrator shall award separate and distinct Sums to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, or of any Interest therein to which the Inquiry may relate, and for the Damage (if any) to be sustained by reason of the severing of the Lands taken from the other Lands, or otherwise injuriously affecting such other Lands by the Exercise of the Powers of the Company; and such Draft Award, and Copies thereof, or of so much thereof as relates to Lands in the respective Counties and Electoral Divisions, shall be deposited as herein-before directed concerning the said Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, and Copies thereof, or of so much thereof as aforesaid; and the Arbitrator shall cause Notice of such Award to be given to all Persons entitled to Payment or Compensation under the same, or who shall have been heard before such Arbitrator as Claimants for Compensation, and also shall cause Notice to be published as herein-before directed concerning Notice of the Deposit of Copies of the said Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, or so much thereof as aforesaid, of the Deposit of Copies of such Draft Award, or of so much thereof as aforesaid, and shall in such Notices appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, for holding a Meeting or Meetings to hear Objections against such Draft Award (the first such Meeting to be not earlier than Twenty-one Days after the last Day of Publication of the said Notice), and shall hold such Meeting or Meetings accordingly, and thereat hear and determine any Objections which may then and there be made to such Draft Award by any Person interested therein, or adjourn the further Hearing thereof, if the Arbitrator see fit, to a future Meeting, and may take any Measures which he may deem proper for ascertaining the Value of any such Lands or Interests as aforesaid, or the Justice or Propriety of any other Matter of such Draft Award, and may from Time to Time, if he see Occasion, appoint and hold further Meetings for hearing and determining Objection^ to such Draft Award, of which further Meetings, when not holden by Adjournment, Notice shall be given in manner herein-before directed; and when the Arbitrator has heard and determined all such Objections, and made such Inquiries as he may think necessary in relation thereto, and made such Alterations (if any) as he may deem proper in the Draft Award, he shall make his Award under his Hand and Seal accordingly; and every such Award shall be binding and conclusive, subject to the Provisions concerning Traverse herein-after contained, upon all Persons whomsoever; and no such Award shall be set aside

for

1851. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). Cap. 70.

for Irregularity in Matter of Form; and every such Award, and Copies thereof, or of so much thereof as relates to Lands in the respective Counties and Electoral Divisions, shall be deposited as herein-before directed with respect to the said Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, and Copies thereof, or of so much thereof as aforesaid; and the Company shall thereupon publish Notice, as herein-before directed concerning Notice of the Deposit of Copies of such Maps or Plans, Schedules and Estimates, or of so much thereof as aforesaid, of the Deposit of Copies of such Award, or of so much thereof as aforesaid, and requiring all Persons claiming to have any Right to or Interest in the Lands the Price or Compensation to be paid in respect of which is ascertained by such Award, to deliver to the Company, on or before a Day to be named in such Notice (such Day not being earlier than Thirty-one Days from the Date of the last Publication of the Notice), a short Statement in Writing of the Nature of such Claim, and a short Abstract of the Title on which the same is founded; and such Statement and Abstract shall be paid for by the Company.

X. Provided always, That the Arbitrator may make'several Awards, so as to include in a separate Award the Lands in each Electoral Division, or such Portion of the Lands in relation to which he is Arbitrator as, having reference to the Deposits to be made under this Act, the Meetings to be holden, and the Inquiries to be made in relation to such Lands, and the Convenience of the Parties interested in the Matter of the Arbitration, he may think fit

XI. Every Clerk of the Peace and Clerk of any Union is hereby required to retain the Documents to be deposited with him under this Act in his Custody, and to permit all Persons interested to inspect the same, and to make Copies and Extracts of and from the same, in the like Manner, and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided by an Act of the Session holden in the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three.

XII. The Salary or Remuneration, travelling and other Expenses of the Arbitrator, and all Costs, Charges, and Expenses (if any) which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners of Public Works in carrying the Provisions of this Act into execution, shall be paid by the Company; and the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall from Time to Time be certified by the said Commissioners, after first hearing any Objections that may be made to the Reasonableness of any such Costs, Charges, and Expenses by or on behalf of the Company; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to require the Company to deposit in the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money, or to give such other Security for the Payment of any such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, as to the said Commissioners

465-

Separate Awards may be made as to Lands in the several Parishes or otherwise.

Clerks of Peace and Clerks of Unions to take charge of Documents deposited, as provided by 7 W.4.&

1 Vict. c. 83 *

Expenses of tli w Arbitrator to be borne by the Company *

m

Costs of Parties.

Certificates of Amount of Compensation to be delivered by Company.

Amount mentioned in Certificates to be paid to Parties, on Demand, &c.

Cap. 70. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vict.

shall seem fit; and every Certificate of the said Commissioners, certifying the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, shall be taken as Proof in all Proceedings at Law or in Equity of the Amount of such respective Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and the Amount so certified shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and shall be recoverable accordingly.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Arbitrator, where he thinks fit, upon the Request of any Party by whom any Claim has been made before him, to certify the Amount of the Costs properly incurred by such Party in relation to the Arbitration, and the Amount of the Costs so certified shall be paid by the Company; and if within Seven Days after Demand the Amount so certified be not paid to the Party entitled to receive the same, such Amount shall be recoverable by Distress, and on Application to any Justice he shall issue his Warrant accordingly; but no such Certificate shall be given where the Arbitrator has awarded the same or a less Sum than has been offered by the Company in respect of such Claim before the Commencement of the Arbitration.

XIV. Within Thirty Days from the Delivery of such Statement and Abstract as aforesaid to the Company, the Company shall, where it appears to them that any Person so claiming is absolutely entitled to the Lands, Estate, or Interest claimed by him, deliver to such Person, on Demand, a Certificate under the Company's Seal, stating the Amount of the Price or Compensation to which he is entitled under the said Award; and where more Lands than are included in One Number shall be claimed by the same Person, such Lands, or the Interest therein, may be included in One Certificate, if the Company think fit, such Certificates to be prepared by and at the Costs of the Company; and where any Agreement has been entered into in respect to the Value of the Interest of any Person in apy Lands, or his Right to Compensation, the Company may, where it appears to' them that such Person is absolutely entitled, deliver to such Person a like Certificate.

XV. The Company shall, on Demand, pay to the Party to whom any such Certificate is given, or otherwise as herein provided in the Cases herein-after mentioned, the Amount of Monies specified to be payable by such Certificate to the Party to whom or in whose Favour such Certificate is given, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if the Company wilfully make default in such Payment as aforesaid, then the Party named in such Certificate shall be entitled to enter up Judgment against the Company in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland for the Amount of the Sums specified in such Certificate, in the same Manner in all respects as if he had been, by Warrant of Attorney from the Company, authorized to enter up Judgment for the Amount mentioned in the Certificate, with Costs, as is usual in like Cases; and all Monies payable under such Certificates, or to be recovered by such Judgments

as

467

Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). Cap. 70.

as aforesaid, shall at Law and in Equity be taken as Personal Estate as from the Time of the Company entering on any such Lands as aforesaid.

XVI. When and so soon as the Company have paid to the Party to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid is given, or otherwise, as herein provided, in the Cases herein-after mentioned, the Amount specified to be payable by such Certificate to the Party to whom or in whose Favour the Certificate is

S'ven, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, it shall be law- for the Company, upon obtaining such Receipt as hereinafter mentioned, from Time to Time to enter upon any Lands in respect of which such Certificate is given, and thenceforth to hold the same for the Estate or Interest in respect of which the Amount specified in such Certificate was payable.

XVII. In every Case in which any Monies are paid by any Company under the Provisions of this Act, for such Price or Compensation as aforesaid, the Party receiving such Monies shall give to the Company a Receipt for the same, and such Receipt shall have the Effect of a Grant, Release, and Conveyance of all the Estate and Interest of such Party, and of all Parties claiming under or through him, in the Lands in respect of which such Monies are paid, so as such Receipts shall have an act valorem Stamp of the same Amount impressed thereon in respect of the Purchase Monies mentioned in such Certificate (but exclusive of the Amount of Compensation for Damage by Severance or other Injury) as would have been necessary if such Receipt had been an actual Conveyance of such Estate or Interest, every such Receipt to be prepared by and at the Costs of the Company.

XVIII. If it appear to the Company, from any such Statement and Abstract as aforesaid, or otherwise, that the Party making any such Claim as aforesaid is not absolutely entitled to the Lands, Estate, or Interest in respect of which his Claim is made, or is under any Disability, or if the Title to such Lands, Estate, or Interest be not satisfactorily deduced to the Company, then and in every such Case the Amount to be paid by the Company in respect of such Lands, Estate, or Interest as aforesaid shall be paid and applied as provided by the Clauses of Ci The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," "with respect " to the Purchase Money or Compensation coming to Parties u having limited Interests, or prevented from treating, or not " making Title."

XIX. Where any Person claiming any Right or Interest in any Lands shall refuse to produce his Title to the same, or where the Company have taken possession of any Lands under the Provisions of this Act in respect of the Price or Compensation whereof, or of any Estate or Interest wherein, no Claim .has been made within One Year from the Time of the Com-

Sny taking possession, or if any Party to whom any such xrtificate has been given or tendered refuse to receive such Certificate, or to accept the Amount therein specified as payable

Gg 2 to

When Amount mentioned in Certificates is paid to Parties, Company may take possession.

Receipts duly stamped to operate as a Conveyance.

Payment of Monies where Parties making Claims deemed not entitled, or are under Disability, or Title not satisfactorily deduced.

Where no Claim made, or Parties refuse to accept Sum certified. Money to be paid into the Bank.

468 Cap. 70. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

to him, then and in any such Case the Amount payable by the Company in respect of such Lands, Estate, or Interest, or the Amount specified in such Certificate, shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, in manner provided by the last-mentioned Clauses of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Amount so paid into the said Bank shall be accordingly dealt with as by the said Act provided; and no Monies paid into the Bank under this Act shall be liable to Usher's Poundage.

Company may XX. Nothing herein contained shall prevent the Company* ^rom requiring any further Abstract or Evidence of Title Title, at their respecting any Lands included in any such Award as aforesaid. Cost*.. in addition to the Abstract or Statement herein-before mentioned, if they think fit, so as the same be obtained at the Costs of the Company.

Delivery of XXI. If from any Reason whatever the Company shall not ^e^ver the Certificate aforesaid to any Party claiming to be Court of Chan- en^tled to any Interest in any Lands the Possession whereof eery. has been taken by the Company as aforesaid, then the Right to

have a Certificate according to the Provisions of this Act may, at the Costs and Charges of the Company, be enforced by any Party or Parties, by Application to the High Court of Chancery in Ireland in a summary Way by Petition, and all other Rights and Interests of any Party or Parties arising under the Provisions of this Act may be in like Manner enforced against the Company by such Application as aforesaid.

After Deposit

XXII. Provided always, That where the Company are CompanyAmayf desirous, for the Purposes of their Works, of entering upon any upon Deposit of Lands before they would be entitled to enter thereon under the such Amount as Provisions herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for the think ^°enter7 Company, at any Time after the Arbitrator shall have framed upon Lands. his Draft Award, upon depositing in the Bank of Ireland, as herein directed, such Sum as the Arbitrator may certify to be in his Opinion the proper Amount to be so deposited in respect of any Lands authorized to be purchased or taken by the Company, and mentioned in such Draft Award, to enter upon and use such Lands for the Purposes of the Railway and Works of the Company; and the Arbitrator shall, upon the Request of the Company, at any Time after he shall have framed such Draft Award, certify under his Hand the Sum which in his Opinion should be so deposited by the Company in respect of any Lands mentioned in such Draft Award before they enter upon and use the same as aforesaid, and the Sum to be so certified shall be the Sum or the Amount of the several Sums set forth in such Draft Award as the Sum or Sums to be paid by the Company in respect of such Lands, or such greater Amount as to the Arbitrator, under the Circumstances of the Case, may seem proper; and, notwithstanding such Entry as aforesaid, all Proceedings for and in relation to the Completion of the Award, the Delivery of Certificates, and other Proceedings under this Act,

469

1851. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). Cap. 70.

Act, shall be had, and Payments made, as if such Entry and Deposit had not been made; provided that the Company shall, tampanytopay where they enter upon any Lands by virtue of this present x^of Entiy. Provision, pay Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Purchase and Compensation Money payable by them in respect of any Lands so entered upon, from the Time of their Entry until the Time of the Payment of such Money and Interest to the Party entitled thereto, or where, under the Provisions of this Act, such Purchase Money or Compensation is required to be paid into the said Bank, then until the same, with such Interest, is paid into such Bank accordingly; and where under this Provision Interest is payable on any Purchase or Compensation Money the Certificate to be delivered by the Company in respect thereof shall specify that Interest is so payable, and the same shall be recoverable in like Manner as the Principal Money mentioned in such Certificate.

XXIII. The Money to be deposited as aforesaid in respect Mode of of any Lands shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the DeP°wt *

Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there

to the Credit of the Company (describing the Company by its proper Name), in the Matter of the Railways Act (Ireland)9 1851, and of the Lands in respect of which the same is paid, subject to the Control and Disposition of the said Court; and upon such Deposit the Cashier of the said Bank shall give to the Company, or to the Party paying in such Money by their Direction, a Receipt for the same.

XXIV. The Money so deposited as last aforesaid shall Deposit to reremain in the Bank by way of Security to the Parties interested "ain ^a^obe*" in the Lands which shall so have been entered upon, for the Spited under Payment of the Money to become payable by the Company in the Direction of respect thereof under the Award of the Arbitrator; and the Court. Money so deposited may, on the Application by Petition of the Company, be ordered to be invested in Bank Annuities or Government Securities, and accumulated; and upon such Payment as aforesaid by the Company it shall be lawful for the

Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon a like Application, to prder the Money so deposited, or the Funds in which the same shall have been invested, together with the Accumulation thereof, to be repaid or transferred to the Company, or, in default of such Payment as aforesaid by the Company, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the same to be applied in such Manner as it shall think fit for the Benefit of the Parties for whose Security the same shall so have been deposited.

XXV. If at any Time the Company be unable, by reason Company may of the closing of the Office of the Accountant General of the dePosit Money said Court of Chancery, to obtain his Authority in respect of "hUeCf)^« of the Payment of any Sum of Money so authorized to be deposited Accountant Gain the Bank by way of Security as aforesaid, it shall be lawful reral " closed, for the Company to pay into the Bank, to such Credit as aforesaid (subject nevertheless to being dealt with as herein pro-

470

Parties dUsatit-fled with Award majanteraTra-Tarsaat Assizes.

Cap. 70. Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

yided), such Sum of Money as the Company shall by some Writing signed by their Secretary or Solicitors for the Time being, addressed to the Governor and Company of the Bank in that Behalf, request, and upon any such Payment being made the Cashier of the Bank shall give a Certificate thereof; and in every such Case, within Ten Days after the re-opening of the said Accountant General's Office, the Solicitor for the Com-

§iny shall there bespeak the Direction for the Payment of such um into the Name of the Accountant General, and upon Production of such Direction at the Bank of Ireland the Money so previously paid in shall be placed to the Credit of the said Accountant General accordingly, and the Receipt for the said Payment be given to the Party making the same in the usual Way, for the Purpose of being filed at the Report Office.

XXVI. Where the Party named in any Certificate issued under the Provisions herein-before contained of the Amount of the Price or Compensation ascertained by any Award under this Act (or any Party claiming under the Party so named) shall be dis-satisfied with the Amount in such Certificate certified to be payable, and where any Party claiming any Interest in any Monies so paid into Court as aforesaid shall be dis-satisfied with the Amount of the Price or Compensation in respect of which such Monies shall be so paid into Court, and where any Party interested in Land adjoining any Railway shall be dis-satisfied with any Award under this Act so far as respects any Works for the Accommodation of such Lands thereby awarded to be made and maintained by the Company, or which such Party may claim to have so made and maintained, it shall be lawful for such Party, at the Assizes for the County in which the Lands are situate, or, where the Lands are situate in the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, in the Term next following the giving of such Certificate, or the Payment of such Money into Court, or (if the Claim be only in respect of Accommodation Works) the making of the Award, or where such Assizes are holden or such Term begins within less than Twenty-one Days after the giving of such" Certificate, or the Payment of such Money, or the making of the Award, then at the next subsequent Assizes, or in the next subsequent Term (as the Casa may be), upon giving Ten Days Notice in Writing previously to such Assizes or Term respectively to the Secretary of the Company, of the Amount or the Accommodation Works intended to be claimed, to have a Traverse for Damages entered in the Crown Book in respect of such Claim, and thereupon such Traverse shall be tried in like Manner, and like Proceedings shall be had, and subject to like Provisions, as far as the same can be applied, as in the Case of Traverses entered for Damages under the Acts for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Monies by Grand Juries in Ireland: Provided always, that the Sum to be awarded or allowed as the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Trial of every such Traverse for Damages shall in no Case exceed the

Sum

1851.

Lands Clauses Consolidation (Ireland). Cap. 70. 471

Sum of Twenty Pounds, and further that no Party shall have any other Remedy for the Purpose of impeaching the Amount of any Price or Compensation ascertained by any such Award as aforesaid, or the (Sufficiency of the Accommodation Works awarded thereby, other than by means of such Traverse as aforesaid, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided also, that the Jury which shall try such Traverse shall be sworn a true Verdict to give, whether any and what Damages will be sustained by the Traverser, regard being had to the Value of the Lands of such Traverser required, and to the Injury to any Lands of such Traverser injuriously affected by the Works of the Company, or (as the Case may be) as to what Accommodation Works ought to be made and maintained by the Company for the Accommodation of the Lands of the Traverser, or to the like Effect respectively, as the Case may be.

XXVII. The Entry of the Verdict of the Jury in case of Verdict on Tr+ each Traverse in the Crown Book shall be a final Decision, and binding upon all Parties interested, and shall have the Effect of ud*"

a Judgment at Law obtained in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland against the Company, and may be enforced by like Remedies against the Company, as in the Case of a Judgment at Law, by all Parties interested therein; and in each Case where a Certificate shall have been delivered, such Damages shall be taken and recovered in lieu of the Monies expressed to be payable by the Certificate, and which shall, on Payment of the Damages, and any Costs payable by the Company, be delivered up to the said Company, and such Receipt for such Damages shall be given as is herein-before provided in Cases of Payment of Monies on such Certificates as aforesaid; and where such Damages shall be given in respect of any Land, the Amount of the Price or Compensation in respect of which, as ascertained by an Award under this Act, shall have been paid into Court, then if the Amount of such Damages shall be less than the Amount paid into Court, the Company shall, on a summary Application by Petition, be entitled to receive the Difference between the Amount of such Damages and the Amount of the Sum paid into Court, but if the Amount of such Damages shall exceed the Amount of the Monies paid into Court, then the Difference between the Amount paid in and the Damages shall, at the Costs of the Company, be paid into Court; and the Payment of such Difference into Court, and the Payment of any Costs payable by the Company in respect of such Traverse, shall be a good Discharge to the Company on any such Verdict in the Nature of a Judgment as aforesaid. Act to apply to

XXVIII. The Provisions of this Act shall extend to the Purchase by the Company of Lands for extraordinary Pur- ordinar^Purposes. poses.

XXIX All the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Con- Prorisionf of solidation Act, 1845," shall, subject to the Provisions herein .8&9V^V*j18-contained, extend to and be taken as Part of this Act, except so

far as the same are inconsistent therewith.

XXX In

472

Meaning of the Company."

Act to extend to Ireland only. Continuance of Act, Five Years.

Cap. 71. United Church of England and Ireland. 14 & 15 VICT.

XXX. In the Construction of this Act the Words "the Company" shall mean the Company constituted by the Special Act

XXXI. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

XXXII. This Act shall continue in force for Five Years next after the passing thereof, and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Acts and Parts of Acts herein specified repealed.

10 A11 Car. 1. c. 2.

15 Car. l. c. 11.

10 VT. S. c. 6.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to repeal certain Statutes relating to the Irish Branch of* the United Church of England and Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS several Acts have been passed in the Parliament of Ireland, and also in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, to encourage the building of Ecclesiastical Residences, and to prevent Dilapidation therein, and to enable the Endowment, Purchase, and Exchange of Glebe, Mensal,

and Demesne Lands, and the Erection and Endowment of Proprietary and Parochial Chapels of Ease, and the Assignment of Districts thereto, and the Endowment of Parishes and

small Livings, and the Disappropriation of appropriate and

impropriate Parishes; and it is expedient that the Provisions contained in such Acts of Parliament should be repealed, in order that the same may be consolidated and amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. From and after the passing of this Act the several Acts herein-after mentioned, or so much of such Acts as are hereinafter specified or referred to, except so far as is herein-after provided, shall be repealed; that is to say,

So much and such Part only of an Act passed in a Session of the Parliament of Ireland holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King Charles the First, Chapter Two, as relate to the Restitution of Impropriation and Tithes, and other Rights Ecclesiastical, to the Clergy, and the Presentation to Churches to which such Rights shall have been restored:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, Chapter Eleven, and entitled " An Act for endowing of Churches with Glebe Lands:"

Also so much and such Part only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, Chapter Six, and entitled An Act 44 to encourage building of Houses and quaking other Improvements on Glebe Lands, and to prevent dilapidations," as relate to the building, improving, and purchasing Houses and Conveniences for Ecclesiastical Persons, and Charges in respect

thereof '

thereof, and to Dilapidations, and the Alienation of Glebe Lands:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of a Ann. c. ia Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Ten, and entitled u An Act for the Exchange of Glebe " belonging to Churches in this Kingdom: "

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the 2G. i. c. 14. said Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Fourteen, and entitled " An Act for the real Union and Division of Parishes," as relate to the Endowment, by Ecclesiastical Persons, of Vicarages and Curacies of Parishes appropriate to their Dignities and Preferments:

Also so much of and such Parts only of an Act passed in the 6 1# 18>

said Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirteen, and entitled " An <c Act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church " of Ireland," as relate to the Erection and Repairs of Chapels of Ease in extensive Parishes:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of 8 G. i. c. 11. Ireland in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Eleven, and entitled " An Act for supplying a " Defect in an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled ' An Act u 'for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in " ' this Kingdom "

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of 8 G. I. e. is. Ireland in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Twelve, and entitled " An Act for the better " enabling of the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon " their respective Benefices, and for the Encouragement of u Protestant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland," except so far as the same relates to the Encouragement of Protestant Schools in Ireland:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the lOG. i. c. 6. said Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Kang George the First, Chapter Six, and entitled " An Act for " explaining and amending an Act entitled An Act for real 44 4 Union and Division of Parishes, ' and for confirming an Exchange made of a Piece of Ground whereon the Parish Church and Vicarage House of the Parish of Saint Anne in the Suburbs of the City of Dublin was by a former Act of Par lament directed to be built for another Piece of Ground, and for appropriating such other Piece of Ground to the same Uses," as relate to the Endowment of Vicarages and Curacies the Churches whereof are appropriate:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the 12G. l. c. 10. said Parliament of Ireland in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Ten, and entitled An 44 Act to amend and explain an Act entitled 4An Act to en courage building of Houses, and making other Improvements

o" gft

1 O. 2. 0. 15.

1 G.2.C. 18.

1 G. 2. c. 23.

3 G. 2.0, 12.

2 G. 2.0.13.

Cap. 71. United Church of England and Ireland. 14 & 15 VICT *

(on Church Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, ' " as relate to the building and improving of Ecclesiastical Residences, and Charges in respect thereof, and Dilapidations thereon, and the Purchase of additional Demesne and Mensal Lands:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Fifteen, and entitled " An Act for rendering more effectual an Act entitled An Act for the better enabling of the Clergy having Cure of Souls " to reside upon their respective Benefices, and for the u ' Encouragement of Protestant Schools within this Kingdom u of Ireland, ' " as relate to the endowing Churches and Curacies with Glebe Lands, and of reserving Rents thereout, and the building of Residences by Ecclesiastical Persons:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Eighteen, and entitled " An Act to enable Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical " Persons and Corporations to grant their Patronage or Rights " of Presentation or Nomination to small Livings to such " Persons as shall augment the same, and also to enable Archbishops and Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons therein " mentioned to make Agreements with their Tenants for the " inclosing and improving their Woods," as relate to the Granf; of the Patronage of small Livings to Parties endowing same, and the augmenting of same, and the Erection of Chapels of Ease and Patronage thereof, and the Constitution of such into Perpetual Curacies and Benefices, and Matters connected therewith:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Twenty-two, and entitled u An Act for explaining and amending an Act entitled ' An Act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church iC of Ireland, ' " as relate to Chapels of Ease erected in Parishes and Cities and Corporate Towns:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twelve, and entitled iC An Act for supplying " a Defect in an Act for rendering more effectual an Act for better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside " upon their respective Benefices, and for the Encouragement " of Protestant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland:"

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Thirteen, and entitled " An Act for making " more effectual an Act to amend and explain an Act, entitled c< ' An Act to encourage building of Houses and making other " ' Improvements on Church Lands, and to prevent Dilapi- dations"

Also

1851. United Church of England and Ireland. Cap. 71. 47tf

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of i5G.s.t, & Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Five, and entitled "An Act to enable Archbishops and Bishops to demise Part of their Demesne Lands, and to change the Site of their Mansion Houses

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the n G. 2. c. 8. said Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Eight, and entitled An Act for continuing several Statutes now nearly expiring, u and for other Purposes therein contained," as relate to the Repairs of Ecclesiastical Residences:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of i»G. fcvie. Ireland in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Sixteen, and entitled An Act for amending the Laws relating to Demesne Lands belonging to Archbishops, and in relation to the building of new Parish Churches:"

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the si G.2.&11* said Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Eleven, and entitled An 44 Act more effectually to enable the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon their respective Benefices, and to build upon their respective Glebe Lands," as relate to the building of Glebe Houses, and the Grant of Land to Parishes for Glebe Lands, or for the Purpose of being exchanged for other Lands suitable for Glebe:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the 7 G.s. c. 9. said Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Nine, and entitled An 44 Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Second Year of His Majesty King George the First, entitled An 44 4 Act for the real Union and Division of Parishes, and for 44 4 other Purposes therein mentioned, ' " as relate to Building Charges, Improvements, and Dilapidations on Ecclesiastical Residences:

Also the entire of Two several Acts passed in a Session of li&isGLs. the Parliament of Ireland holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth *16 *

Years of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Sixteen, and entitled An Act for erecting Parochial Chapels of Ease in Parishes of large Extent, and making such Chapels and those that are already erected Perpetual Cures, and for making 44 a proper Provision for the Maintenance of Perpetual Curates to officiate in the same, and also in like Manner for making appropriate Parishes Perpetual Cures," and Chapter Seventeen, n 41*0.8. entitled An Act for rendering more effectual the several Laws *7.

for the better enabling the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon their Benefices, and to build on their respective Glebe Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of Protestant Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland," except so far as the same relate to the said Protestant Schools:

Also

k

ISA 14 G. S. c. 27.

15 & 16 G. 3. C. 17.

23 & 24 G. 3. c. 49.

25 G. 3. c. 21.

25 G. S. c. 49.

29 G. 3. c. 27.

Also the entire of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of Ireland holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-seven, and entitled " An Act to amend an Act passed in the " Eighth Year of His present Majesty, entitled 6 An Act for " erecting new Chapels of Ease in the Parish of Armagh, and " making such Chapels and those that are already erected in f said Parish Perpetual Cures, and for making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of Perpetual Curates to officiate " 6 in the same, and for other Purposes:9 99

Also the entire of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of Ireland holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Seventeen, and entitled u An Act to explain and amend the several " Statutes now in force in this Kingdom relative to the Exchange of Glebe Lands, and the Endowment of Churches with " new Glebe, and to remove some Doubts relating to certain " Statutes, and for other Purposes," except so far as same relates to the Cathedral Church of Armagh:

And also the entire of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of Ireland holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-nine, and entitled " An Act for making appropriate Parishes " belonging to Archbishops and Bishops Perpetual Cures, and <c the better to enable such Archbishops and Bishops to endow " and augment the Endowments of Vicarages and Curacies (6 to them respectively appropriate, and to render more effectual the several Acts now in force to enable the Clergy having " the Cure of Souls to reside upon their respective Benefices," and to build upon their respective Glebe Lands," except so far as the same relates to the Union of appropriate Parishes, Free Schools, and Churchwardens:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-one, and entitled " An Act to explain and amend the several Acts made " in this Kingdom to encourage the building of Houses and " making other Improvements on Church Lands, and to prevent " Dilapidation," as relate to the Validity of Certificates granted to Ecclesiastical Persons for Buildings and Improvements:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the said Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-nine, and entitled " An Act " to explain and amend the several Acts made in this Kingdom " to encourage the building of Houses and making other Improvements on Church Lands, and for other Purposes," as relate to the Use of Copper in Ecclesiastical Residences.

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-seven, and entitled u An Act for the better providing for the Repairs of

i Churches

1C

1851, United Church of England and Ireland. Cap. 71. 47£

Churches and the Residence of the Clergy," as relate to Glebe Lands: and

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of 31 G.s. c. 19. Ireland in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Nineteen, and entitled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His pre- 4 sent Majesty, entitled An Act for rendering more effectual <4 4 the several Laws for the better enabling the Clergy having 44 4 Cure of Souls to reside upon their Benefices, and to prevent 44 4 Dilapidations, and for the Encouragement of Protestant 44 4 Schools within this Kingdom of Ireland, ' and also to amend 44 an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, entitled An Act to amend an Act passed " 4 in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, entitled An 44 4 Act for erecting new Chapels of Ease in the Parish of Ar 4 magh, and making such Chapels of Ease and those that are 44 4 already erected in said Parishes Perpetual Cures, and for 44 4 making a proper Provision for the Maintenance of Perpetual 44 4 Curates to officiate in the same, and for other Purposes:5 "

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of 40G.S.C. 82. Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-two, and entitled An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands," except so far as it relates to the Mansion House of the See of Meath:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the Parliament of the 43 G. s. c. ios. United Kingdom in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eight, and entitled 14 An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and Houses of Residences of Ministers, and the providing of Churchyards and Glebes," so far and no further than as the same relates to the Kingdom of Ireland:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of the li G. s. c. 115. United Kingdom in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and fifteen, and entitled An Act for amending the Act Forty-third George Third,

to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Churchyards and Glebes," so far and no further than as the same relates to the Kingdom of Ireland:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of 54 G.3. c. 117. the United Kingdom in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and seventeen, and entitled An Act to extend, so far as relates to the building of new Churches, an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, entitled An Act for reviving and 44 c amending an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His 44 4 present Majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for amending,

44 4 continuing.

Cj

m

55 0.8.0.147.

6 0, 4.0.6.

7G. 4. C. 66.

7 & 8 G.4.C. 43.

6 & 7 W. 4. C. S1.

Cap. 71. United Church of England and Ireland. 14 & 15 VICTV

44 4 continuing, and making more effectual the several Acts now 44 4 in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of 44 4 Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of small Value, and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish 44 4 Clerks, ' so far only as the same relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, and to encourage the 44 4 building of new Churches:' "

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and forty-seven, and entitled " An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands belonging to their Benefices for others of greater Value or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation, and for annexing such Houses and Lands so taken in exchange to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, and for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes," so far only and no further than as the same relates to the Kingdom of Ireland:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eight, and entitled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," so far only and no further than as the same relates to the Kingdom of Ireland:

Also the entire of an Act passed in the said Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-six, and entitled An Act 44 to render more effectual the several Acts now in force to pro mote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for purchasing Houses and other necessary Build- ingsfor the Use of their Benefices," so far only and no further than as the same relates to the Kingdom of Ireland:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in a Session of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-three, and intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws in force in Ireland for Unions and Divisions of Parishes, and for uniting or disappropriating appropriate Parishes or Parts of Parishes, and to make further Provision with respect to the erecting Chapels of Ease and making Perpetual Cures," as relate to District Churches and Chapels erected from Portions of contiguous Parishes, and Districts annexed to Chapels already erected, and to Monies payable in respect of Buildings and Improvements in Parishes divided: Also the entire of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of the United Kingdom holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-

one.

47ft

United Church of England and Ireland. Cap. 71.

one, and entitled " An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of " building of Chapels of Ease in Ireland:99

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in a Session of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four, and entitled " An Act to amend the Laws " in force in Ireland for Unions and Divisions of Parishes, for " the Settlement of the Patronage thereof, and the Celebration of Marriages in the same," as relate to the Apportionment of Charges for Improvements on Glebes in case of Division of Parishes:

Also so much and such Parts only of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of the United Kingdom holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-one, and entitled " An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Ecclesiastical Union and Divisions " of Parishes in Ireland, 99 as relate to District Churches and Chapels erected in Portions of Parishes in different Dioceses, and the Exchange of Glebe Lands of disconnected Parishes: Also the entire of an Act passed in a Session of the said Parliament of the United Kingdom holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-nine, and entitled " An Act to encourage Endowment " of Chapels of Ease, and facilitate Assignment of pastoral u Districts thereto, and to amend an Act of the Eighth Year of " Her present Majesty for Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages," except so far as same relates to Consents given by the Lord Lieutenant, on behalf of Her Majesty, in certain Cases:

And the said several herein-before reoited Acts and Parts of Acts are hereby from and after the passing of this Act repealed accordingly, save and except so far as the said recited Acts, or Parts of Acts, or any of them, repeal the whole or any Part of any other Act or Acts, and also save and except so far as relates to any Acts, Matters, and Things done, Gifts, Grants, made or executed, or as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Proceeding taken, or the obtaining or enforcing any Certificate of Charge in respect of any Building or Improvements made or authorized to be made, at any Time before the Commencement of this Act, or hereafter to be done or agreed to be done, in pursuance of lawful Authority in that Behalf given previous to the passing of this Act, all which Acts, Matters, and Things, Gifts and Grants, shall be and remain of the like Validity, Force, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed; and save and except as to the Recovery and Application of any Sum of Money recoverable by reason of any Default which shall have been committed or suffered previous to the Commencement of this Act; and also save and except as to the Recovery and Application of any Sum of Money expended or

advanced

8 & 9 Vict. c. 54.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 41.

12 & IS Vict c. 99.

Cap. 71, 72. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

advanced under or by virtue of any of the said recited Acte or Parts of Acts, and which may be now or at any Time after become due; all which Sums of Money, not by this Act otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, applied, and dealt with, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if tins Act had not been passed.

Interpretation of Terms.

As to Appropriation of a Site for Erection of Chapel thereon.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches and Chapels and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the " Laws relating to the Erection, Endowment, and Constitution of Churches, Proprietary and Parochial Chapelries, and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland, and to give further Faci-

lities and Encouragement to well-disposed Persons for the

Endowment of same, with competent and permanent Provisions for the Ecclesiastical Persons ministering in same, and to c enable such Persons, in certain Cases, to acquire the Patronage s of such endowed Churches, Chapelries, or Curacies Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

T. That in the Construction of this Act the Expression " Bishop" shall comprehend and apply to an Archbishop, when occasion shall require.

With respect to the complete Endowment of Proprietary Chapels, and the Acquisition of the Right of Patronage in consideration thereof, be it enacted as follows:

II. That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed of a sufficient Estate for that Purpose, whether in his or their own Behalf, or in pursuance of any Trust theretofore created by Deed or Will, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to allot or set apart in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, or for any Term of Years whereof Sixty Years shall be then unexpired, any Land, not exceeding One Plantation Acre, within any Parish, City, or Corporate Town in Ireland, or the Precincts thereof, the said Land not being within One measured Mile of any other Church or Chapel wherein the Liturgy and Rites of the United Churches of England and Ireland as by Law established are used and observed, unless situate within some City or Corporate Town, or within a Town containing One thousand Inhabitants, or the Suburbs, Liberties, or Precincts thereof, on which said Lands so set apart it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, with the like Consent of the Bishop of the said Diocese, to erect and

build

Churches and Chapels (Ireland).

Cap. 72.

482

Endowment of Provision for Minister,

build a Church or Chapel, or to appropriate as a Church or Chapel any Building already erected on such Land, in which the Liturgy and Bites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established shall be used and observed:

Provided always, that such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, shall first settle and assure (and he and they are hereby authorized and empowered so to do) Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Heriditament8 in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, or for a Term of Years whereof Sixty Years at the least shall be then unexpired, free from Incumbrance, and of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at the least, or Money in any of the Government Funds amounting at least to Twelve hundred and fifty Pounds, or a Sum equal thereto partly secured on Lands as aforesaid and partly in Money as aforesaid, as a Provision or Maintenance for a Minister or Curate to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, and his Successors for ever, and as a perpetual Endowment for such Church or Chapel, together with a Sum equal to Three and for Repair* Pounds in every One hundred Pounds of the original Cost of erecting and fitting up or purchasing such Church or Chapel, to be secured upon Lands or Money in the Funds as aforesaid, in aid of a Fund for the Repairs of such Church or Chapel, and also such further annual Sum as may be required for the Payment of any Bent or necessary Outgoings chargeable on or payable out of the Premises on which the said Church or Chapel may be erected, and which last-mentioned Sum shall be secured upon such Lands as aforesaid, or by a Sum of Money in such Public Securities as aforesaid, or partly in Money and partly in Lands, not being less in Amount than Twenty Years Purchase of such Bent or Outgoings, and that such Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments, and such Government Securities, shall, unless otherwise provided by the said Deed of Endowment, be vested in the Names of the Incumbent and Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens of the said Church or Chapel, and their Successors for ever, so soon as* they shall be respectively appointed, and in the first instance, and until such Incumbent and Church or Chapel Wardens shall be constituted and appointed, in the Bishop of the Diocese and his Successors, in trust for the Incumbent and Church or Chapel Wardens thereafter to be appointed, and from' and after such Appointment in the said Incumbent and Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, and their Successors for ever; and that such Church or Chapel so erected or appropriated and endowed shall be for ever after called and known by such Name as the Founder or Founders of same shall in and by such Deed of Endowment, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified as aforesaid, direct and appoint.

III. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Endowment of Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed of a sufficient Estate in that Behalf, whether in his or their own Behalf, or in pur- |, unu suance of any Trust theretofore created by Deed or Will or otherwise, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, and also of the Incumbent or Minister of the Church or Hh Chapel

46 Cap. 72. Churches and Chapelt (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Proviso as to certain Churches built on Terms on-ginally for 60 Years.

Patronage to be vested in Trustees.

Chapel or Building herein-after mentioned, and of the Majority of the Trustees for the Tune being of such Church or Chapel (if any), by a formal Deed of Endowment thereof executed

under his Hand and Seal, or under the Corporate Seal, to settle Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments in Fee Simple or Fee Farm of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at the least, clear of all Outgoings, and free from Incumbrances, or Money, in any of the Government Funds or other Public Securities amounting at the least to One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, or a Sum equal thereto partly secured by Lands as aforesaid, and partly in Money as aforesaid, as a Provision or Maintenance for a Minister or Curate to officiate in any such Church or Chapel (other than the Parochial Church of the Parish) or Building lawfully licensed and fit for the Celebration of Divine Service in which the Liturgy and Kites of the United Churches of England and Ireland as by Law established shall be used and observed, provided such Building be erected on a Site lawfully held in Fee Simple, Fee Farm, or for a Term of Years of not less than Sixty Years unexpired, and his Successors for ever, and as a perpetual Endowment of such Church or Chapel, together with a Sum equal to Three Pounds in every One hundred Pounds of the original Cost of erecting and fitting up the said Church or Chapel, to be secured upon Lands or Money in the Funds as aforesaid, in aid of the Fund for the Repairs of such Church or Chapel; and also such further annual Sum as may be needed for the Payment of any Rent or necessary Outgoings chargeable on or payable out of the Premises on which said Church or Chapel may be erected, and which last-mentioned Sum shall be secured upon such Lands as aforesaid, or by a Sum of Money in such Public Securities as aforesaid, or partly in Lands and partly in Money, not being less in Amount than Twenty Y'ears Purchase of such Rent or Outgoings: Provided always, that whereas several Buildings have been erected with the view of being duly endowed and constituted Proprietary Churches or Chapels upon Sites holden for Terms of Y^ears originally not less than Sixty Years unexpired at the Time when the said Buildings or Constitutions were undertaken, but by the Efflux of Time pending the Completion of same the said Terms of Y'ears have become reduced to a Period of less than Sixty Years, and in consequence thereof the same are now incapable of being legally endowed and constituted: Be it enacted, That in every such Case the Provisions herein-before contained shall be available notwithstanding the Expiration of any Portion of said Term, being originally a Term of not less than Sixty Years, and although the said Term had not been originally for Ninety-nine Years.

IV. That whenever any such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, shall have erected or appropriated and endowed, or joined in erecting, appropriating, and endowing, any Church or Chapel, or shall have endowed any Church or Chapel or Building

already

1881. Churches and Chapels (Ireland)* Cap. 72. 483 *

already erected, in pursuance of the foregoing Provisions of this Act, whensoever the said Church or Chapel shall have been erected, the said Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, together with the Person or Persons in whom the Patronage of such

Church or Chapel was theretofore vested, by such Deed of

Endowment, executed and enrolled in manner aforesaid, shall

vest the Patronage of the said Church or Chapel in Trustees,

who shall not be fewer than Five nor more than Seven in Number,

and being Members of the United Church of England and

Ireland, to be for that Purpose named in the first instance by the said Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, so erecting or

appropriating or endowing such Church or Chapel, or joining in

so doing, in manner aforesaid, together with the former Patron

or Patrons thereof; and it shall be lawful for the Trustees of Trustees of

any such Church or Chapel receiving any such Endowment as bunfenabled'to

aforesaid, or the major Part of them, by and with the Consent consent.

of the Ordinary of the Diocese, signified in manner aforesaid, to

enter into any such Consent in and by the said Deed of Endowment as to the Manner and Order of the Nomination and

Appointment to such Church or Chapel, and such Consent and

Agreement of such Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Trust, or Direction to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and the Nomination of the Minister or Curate of such Church or Chapel shall thereupon be vested in the said Trustees and their Successors for ever, who shall thereuj>on be the Patrons of such Church or Chapel; and the Vacancies which shall from Time to Time occur in the Number of such Trustees, from Death, Resignation, or Inability to act, shall be filled up in such Manner as by the said Deed of Endowment shall be provided, and in default of any such Provision in such Manner as the Bishop of the Diocese shall under his Hand and Seal direct and appoint; and if it shall happen that all the Trustees of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being shall die without having (in pursuance of any such Power in the said Deed of Endowment contained) appointed any other Trustee or Trustees as their Successors, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Minister for the Time being of such Church or Chapel, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to appoint the Number of Trustees by the Deed of Endowment required, and in case there shall happen to be no such Minister it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese to nominate and appoint the requisite Number of Trustees as aforesaid.

V. And whereas many pious and well-disposed Persons Endowment of ' might be induced to erect and build Chapels more commodious for themselves and their Families in large Parishes, and endow pce simple.

same with a competent Provision for a Minister or Curate to

officiate therein, if by Law enabled so to do, and if they were

to hav6 the Patronage of such Church or Chapel Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, seised of a sufficient Estate for that Purpose, whether

Hh 2 by

Cap. 72. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Parties endowing to hare Patronage.

in his or their own Behalf or in pursuance of any Trust theretofore created by Deed or Will, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to allot or set apart in Fee Simple or Fee Farm any Land, not exceeding One Plantation Acre, within any Parish, City, or Corporate Town in Ireland or the Precincts thereof, at any Distance from the Parish Church, on which said Lands so set apart it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, with the like Consent of the Bishop of the said Diocese^ to erect and build a Church or Chapel, or to appropriate as a Church or Chapel any Building already erected on such Lands, in which the Liturgy and Bites of the United Church; of England and Ireland as by Law established shall be used and observed; provided always, that such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, shall first settle and assure (and he and they are hereby authorized and empowered so to do) Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, free from Incumbrance, and of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at the least, as a Provision or Maintenance for a Minister or Curate to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, and his Successors for ever, and as a perpetual Endowment for such Church or Chapel, and also such further annual Sum as may be required for the Payment of any Bent or necessary Outgoings chargeable on or payable out of the Premises on which the said Church or Chapel may be erected, and which last-mentioned Sum shall be secured upon such Lands as aforesaid not being less in Amount than Twenty Years Purchase of such Bent or Outgoings, and that such Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments shall, unless otherwise provided by the said Deed of Endowment, be vested in the Incumbent and Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the said Church or Chapel, and their Successors for ever, so soon as they shall be respectively appointed, and in the first instance, and until such Incumbent and Churchwardens shall be constituted and appointed, in the Bishop of the Diocese and his Successors, in trust for the Incumbent and Churchwardens thereof to be appointed, and from and after such Appointment in the said Incumbent and Churchwardens and their Successors for ever; and that such Church or Chapel so erected or appropriated and endowed shall be for ever after called and known by such Name as the Founder or Founders of same shall in and by such Deed of Endowment, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified as aforesaid, direct and appoint., , i

VI. That every such Person, Body Politic or Corporate, who shall so have erected or appropriated and endowed any such Church' or Chapel, with such Consent as aforesaid, under the last preceding Provision, shall, from and after the Enrolment of said Deed of Endowment in manner herein-after mentioned, be the true and only Patron of the said Church or Chapel, and the sole Bight of Presentation or Nomination thereto shall be for ever after vested in him or them, his or their Heirs or

Successors,

1851.

486

Churches and Chapels (Ireland), Cap. 72.

Successors, respectively; and where any Two or more Persons Where several

have joined in contributing to the Purchase or Erection and ioi" erecting

Endowment of any such Church or Chapel, such Person or pltronagTaa* '

Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, their or his Heirs or by Deed of

Successors or Assigns respectively, shall nominate and appoint Endowment.

to such Church or Chapel in such Manner and Order as in and

by the Deed of Endowment shall be directed and settled, and

in default of any such Direction and Settlement, in such Manner and Order as the Bishop of the Diocese shall determine: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Founder or Founders,

at any Time when he or they shall so think fit, to grant and make

over the Patronage or Right of Presentation of such Church or

Chapel to the Bishop of the Diocese wherein 6ame shall be

situate, and his Successors for ever, and such Grant shall be by

Deed under Hand and Seal, to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and enrolled in manner herein-after mentioned.

VII. That from and after the Execution and Enrolment of After Exccu. any such Deed of Endowment as aforesaid, with such Consent

as aforesaid, of any such Church or Chapel, the Rector or dowment, Re©-Incumbent of the Parish, and his Successors for ever, shall torofPfcrwh be thenceforth exempt and exonerated from all Charges or Lia- ?° g bility to provide for the Support or Maintenance of the Minister or Incumbent of such Church or Chapel erected, constituted, or ter, &c. endowed as aforesaid, unless such Deed of Endowment, with the Consent of the Rector or Incumbent of the said Parish, signified by his executing or endorsing his Name upon the said Deed, shall otherwise expressly provide.

VIII. That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees under any Power to True-such Deed of Endowment, or the Majority of them, or other tees to dispose Person or Persons in whom said Trust Funds shall be for the

Time vested, in case such Endowment shall be formed in the invent Produce whole or part of Government Funds or other Public Securities, in Purchase of as they shall think fit, to dispose of such Government Funds or Securities, and to invest the Produce thereof in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, in such Manner and subject to such Restrictions as in the said Deed of Endowment may be for that Purpose provided; and where such Endowment shall be formed in the whole or in any Part of any Estate or Interest in Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments less than a Fee Simple or Fee Farm, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, or the Majority of them, as they shall see fit, to purchase any more extensive Interest therein, or the Reversion or Inheritance therein, in such Manner and subject to such Restrictions as in the Deed of Endowment may be for that Purpose provided.

1 And with respect to the Erection of Parochial Chapels of Ease by Fnnds provided by way of Endowment, be it enacted as follows:

IX. That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Power to erect Corporate, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese and Cha *

of the Incumbent of the Parish, under their respective Hands Without Endow.

Hh 3 iQud

m

xnent, with Coi*-sent of locum-b«nU

As to building Chapels of Ease in large and populous Parishes.

Incumbent of Parish to nominate Curate for Chapel of Ease.

Power to Bishop to allocate such Salary to Curate as in Cases of other Stipendiary Curates.

Where Proprietary Church, &c. has beep, erected and ea-

Cap. 72. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 Yicx.

and Seals, to be deposited in the Registry of the said Diocese to erect or appropriate upon any Site theretofore lawfully appro* priated for ever for such Purpose any Building as a Church or Chapel of Ease in the said Parish; and so soon as such Church or Chapel or Building shall have been set apart as such Church or Chapel of Ease, the Incumbent of the Parish shall be for ever, unless and until otherwise lawfully provided, the Minister of said Church or Chapel: Provided always, that wherever there is a Parish jGhurch at which the said Incumbent is bound to officiate, he shall not be bound to have Divine Service in the said Parish Church and Chapel of Ease respectively oftener than once on each Sunday and Holiday in each; and Such Parochial Chapel of Ease shall, until otherwise endowed, be kept in repair in the same Manner as the Parish Church is or ought to be kept.

X. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, to be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese, in any Parish, City, or Corporate Town in which the Parish Church is not sufficient to accommodate the Number of Inhabitants that might resort thereto for Divine Worship, or is at such a great Distance that any considerable Number of the Protestant Inhabitants cannot conveniently repair thereto, the same being in the latter Case more than Three Miles distant from the Pariah Church, measured along the ordinary Road, to erect or set apart any Building already erected as a Chapel of Ease in the said Parish upon any Site then or previously set apart and appropriated to the Use of such Chapel for ever; and such Chapel of Ease shall, until otherwise endowed, be kept in repair in the same Manner as the Parish Church is or ought to be kept.

XI. That so soon as such last-mentioned Chapel of Ease shall be erected or appropriated and set apart for Divine Worship the Incumbent of the Parish shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint a sufficient Curate for every such Chapel, who shall be approved of and licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese, and shall thenceforward constantly perform Divine Service in the said Chapel of Ease whereunto he shall be nominated and licensed as aforesaid.

XII. That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, upon the Erection or Appropriation and setting apart of any such Parochial Chapel of Ease, to allocate such Salary for suon Curate to be nominated or appointed and licensed as aforesaid as he is authorized to do in Cases of other Stipendiary Curates, over and above any permanent Endowment of said Cure granted for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Curate, and not exceeding in the whole One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum.

XIII. That where any Proprietary Church or Chapel, or any such Chapel of Ease, in winch the Liturgy and Rites of the United Churches of England and Ireland as by Law established

are

1851. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). Cap. 7fi. -4MJ

are to be used and observed, has been or shall be erected dowed* Bishop

or appropriated and endowed, or it shall be intended, with such of

Consents as aforesaid, to erect or appropriate and endow any Incumbent, to

such Church or Chapel or Building, as a Proprietary Church pertku-

or Chapel, or as a Chapel of Ease, with or without Endowment, ShbT* *°

and whether under the Provisions of this or any other Act of

Parliament, or by any Ecclesiastical Authority, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese (and he is hereby required, unless

from special Circumstances he shall deem it not advisable so to

do,) with the Consent of the Incumbent of the Parish, to assign

a particular District to every such Church or Chapel so erected

or appropriated or intended so to be, and where the Site of apy

such Proprietary Church or Chapel, or Chapel of Ease, so erected

or appropriated and endowed as aforesaid, or intended so to be,

shall be contiguous to Two or more Parishes, whether in the

Bame Diocese or in Two or more contiguous Dioceses in the same Province, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese,

or Bishops of each and every of the Two or more contiguous

Dioceses respectively, conjointly, with the Consent oi the respective Incumbents, to assign a District to such Church or

Chapel or intended Church or Chapel, to be formed from said

Parish or from contiguous Portions of said Two or more adjacent

Parishes, being in the same or in different Dioceses contiguous

to each other, or from a Parish and contiguous Portion of a

Parish or Portions of Parishes.

XIV. That the Bishop of the Diocese in which such District Description of is assigned, or the Bishops of the several contiguous Dioceses Boundarim of from which any District shall be assigned from Portions of contiguous Parishes in different Dioceses, shall cause a Descrip- registered, tion of the Boundaries of the District assigned by him or them to such Church or Chapel to be registered in the Registry or, -

Registries of the said Diocese or Dioceses, and shall also cause his or their Orders and Directions in Writing as to all the Offices to be performed in any such Church or Chapel to be registered in the Registry or Registries of his or their Dioceses; and every such District when so assigned shall, from and after the setting apart of said Church or Chapel, be under the immediate Care of the Incumbent or Curate who shall be duly licensed to serve such Church or Chapel, so far as regards Visitation of the Siek and other Pastoral Duties; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, or the Bishops of the several Dioceses, from which the said District shall be formed, to determine whether Baptisms, Churchings, or Burials shall be solemnized or performed in such Church or Chapel, or not, and from Time to Time to alter, enlarge, or abridge such Districts as shall become necessary or expedient: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to discharge the Incumbent of any such Parish a Portion of which shall be included in any such District, or any other Ecclesiastical Person having Cure of Souls within the same, or his Successors, from the Cure of Souls or other

488

Parochial Duties in any such District, but the said Cure of Souls shall remain os heretofore.

Churches and XV. That every such Proprietary Church or Chapel erected ^derE oual or appropriated or endowed, and every such Chapel of Ease Jurisdiction* erected or appropriated as aforesaid, whether under this or any other Act of Parliament, and the Incumbent or Curate officiating therein, shall be subject to the Visitation and Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Church or Chapel is situate, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

And with respect to the erecting of District Parochial Churches and Chapels by Funds provided by way of Endowment, be it enacted as follows:

As to building XVI. That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, with the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the urc es. un(jer his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, to be

deposited in the Registry of the Diocese, in any Parish in which the Parish Church is not sufficient to accommodate the Number of Inhabitants that might resort thereto for Divine Worship, or is at such a great Distance that any considerable Number of the Inhabitants cannot conveniently repair thereto, to erect any Building or Buildings, or set apart any Building or Buildings already erected, as a new Church or Chapel upon any Site then or previously set apart and dedicated to the Use of such Church or Chapel for ever, and situated in a convenient Place, and such Church or Chapel shall, until otherwise endowed, be kept in repair in the same Manner as the Parish Church is or ought to be kept: Provided always, that a District shall be previously appropriated and assigned to the said Church or Chapel within said Parish, by the Bishop of the Diocese in which it shall be situate, in manner herein-after mentioned.

As to bunding XVII. That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic lurches for or Corporate, in any Case in which there shall happen to be a serenl Parishes, District comprising Parte of Two or more adjacent Parishes (whether in the same or in different Dioceses) so far distant from the nearest Church or Chapel in which the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established are used and observed, that the Protestant Inhabitants thereof, or any considerable Number of them, cannot conveniently repair thither for Divine Worship, to erect a Church or Chapel, or appropriate any Church or Chapel or Building already erected upon any Site theretofore lawfully appropriated for ever for that Purpose, in some convenient Place in any One of the said adjacent Parishes: Provided always, that a District shall be previously appropriated and assigned to the said Church or Chapel, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, from the said adjacent Parishes, being in the same or in different Dioceses, By the Bishop of the Diocese in which the said Parishes shall be situate, or in case they shall be situate in different Dioceses, by the Bishops of the several Dioceses, who shall in the said last-mentioned Case determine which One of the Bishops of the said

adjacent

1851.

Churches and Chapels (Ireland). Cap. 72. 4&9

adjacent Dioceses shall have and exercise Episcopal Jurisdiction oyer the said District, and the Incumbent or Perpetual Curate thereof, and in case the said Bishops shall not agree therein, the same may be determined by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor and the Privy Council of Ireland.

XVIII. That where it shall be intended to erect or appro- PowertoBi*hop priate and endow any such Church or Chapel as a District Parochial Church or Chapel for One Parish or Benefice only, it Districts, shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, by the Instrument herein-after mentioned, to assign a particular District to every such Church or Chapel so to be erected or appropriated as aforesaid; and where it shall be intended to erect or appropriate and endow any such Church or Chapel for a District to be formed out of Two or more Parishes or Benefices, whether in the same Diocese, or in Two or more contiguous Dioceses, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, or Bishops of each and every of the Two or more contiguous Dioceses respectively, concurring in the Formation of such District, conjointly, by the Instrument herein-after mentioned, to assign a District to such Church or Chapel, or intended Church or Chapel, to be formed from contiguous Portions of said Two or more adjacent Parishes, being in the same or in different Dioceses contiguous to each other.

XIX. That before any such District Parochial Church or Bounds of Pa-Chapel shall be erected in or for any such District the Bounds rochial Districts for such District shall be ascertained by an Instrument in the^Bishop Writing under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the before the same Bishop of the Diocese, or Bishops of the several Dioceses, con- *h^l be erected, curring in the Formation of such District, and such Writing incumbent* shall set out the Bounds of such proposed District, and the and Lord Lieu-several Townlands or Parts of Townlands which shall be com- tenant for Con-prised within any such District, and shall be marked and

coloured on a Sheet or Sheets of the Ordnance Survey of Ireland, and annexed to such Instrument, and a Copy of such Instrument shall, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, be transmitted to the Incumbent of the Parish or the Incumbents of the several Parishes from which said District shall be proposed to be formed, and if he or they shall not consent thereto, a Copy thereof shall be forwarded to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland in Council, and the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall in such Case hear and determine any Objection which may be made by or on behalf of such Incumbent or Incumbents or any of them, and shall confirm or § alter the same as the Circumstances of the Case may appear to require, and shall order such Instrument to be altered accordingly; and said Instrument, so consented to by the said Incumbent or Incumbents, or so altered by any such Order, or if no Order shall be made thereupon by the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor in Council within Six Weeks after the Date of the Transmission of the Copy of such Instrument to the Council Office in Dublin Castle, then such Instru 11

4t0

Power toBUhop to allocate Salary to Curate.

As soon as District Parochial Church is erected, &e. Patronage to be rested in Incumbents.

transmitted, shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese, or of every Diocese in which such newly created District shall be

situated, and for every which Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Register, and shall also be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, for which Enrolment the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more shall be paid over and above the Expenses usually paid to the Engrossing Clerk for the same; and upon and after the Registry and Enrolment of every such Instrument the District therein set out and described shall be deemed and reputed to be a several and distinct District or Parish for the Purposes of this Act, and for all Purposes whatsoever, and shall be called and known by such Name as shall be given thereto by such Instrument; and Churchwardens shall be chosen and appointed, and with the like Authority, within the said District, as Churchwardens of Parish Churches now by Law are or may be appointed; saving nevertheless to the Rectors or Incumbents of the several Parishes out of which such District Parishes or Cures shall be respectively formed, and their Successors, all their Rights as Rectors or Incumbents of the respective Portions of such Districts, unless otherwise directed by said Instrument.

XX. That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, upon the Erection or Appropriation and setting apart of any such District, out of One Benefice or Parish only to allocate such Salary for such Curate to be nominated or appointed and licensed as aforesaid as he is authorized to do in Cases of Stipendiary Curates, over and above any permanent Endowment of the said Cure granted for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Curate, not exceeding in the whole One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, and in case of any District being formed of Portions of Two or more adjacent Parishes, it shall be lawful for the Bishops of the several Dioceses to determine by the Instrument aforesaid the Proportion of Salary which each of the Incumbents of the adjoining Parishes out of which such District has been formed shall pay to the Curate of such District, over and above any permanent Endowment granted for his Support, if any, and to enforce Payment thereof by Sequestration of the Benefice of any Incumbent neglecting to pay same, or his Proportion thereof, at the Times appointed for the Payment thereof respectively.

XXI. That so soon as such District Parochial Church shall be erected or appropriated and set apart for Divine Worship the Incumbent of the Parish, or the Incumbents of the several Parishes from which the said District shall be taken, shall be the true and only Patron or Patrons of the said Church, and the Right of Presentation or Nomination thereto shall be from thenceforth for ever vested in such Incumbent or Incumbents, and his and their Successors for ever, and in the Case of any District formed of Portions of Two or more Parishes the Bishop of the Diocese, or the Bishops of the several Dioceses, shall, and he and they are hereby required, by the Instrument

aforesaid.

Churchss and Chapels (Ireland), Cap. 72. <$91

aforesaid, to regulate and determine the Manner in which each of such Incumbents shall, on Vacancies of the said Chapelry, nominate to the said Bishop, and also to appoint which of the Incumbents shall first nominate, and the Order in which the several Incumbents of such adjacent Parishes shall, in their Turn, nominate such Curate; and such Incumbent, or the Incumbents whose Turn it shall be, shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint a sufficient Curate for every such Chapelry, who shall be approved of and licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese, or Bishop having Jurisdiction over the said District, and who shall thenceforward constantly perform Divine Service in the said District Parochial Church or Chapel whereunto he shall be nominated and licensed as aforesaid.

XXII. That the Bishop of the Diocese under whose Episco- Bishop to exer-pal Jurisdiction such Parochial District and Incumbent or Per- ciseJurisdiction petual Curate shall be placed, or in whose Diocese the entire ineumbOT^&o. c. of such District shall be locally situate, shall and may have, use,

and exercise all Ecclesiastical and Spiritual Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities in and over such District, and the Incumbent or Perpetual Curate and Inhabitants thereof, and, in the former Case, in the same Manner, and as fully and to the same Extent, as if the entire of the said District had been erected and formed out of Parishes locally situate within such Diocese; and the said District shall, for the Purposes aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of such Diocese: Provided always, Incumbenttobe that nothing herein contained shall render the Incumbent of any Parish a Portion whereof shall be included in such District, or of hi* Diooece. the Emoluments, Rents, or Tithe Rentcharge of such his Benefice, subject to the Jurisdiction of any Bishop, save the Bishop in whose Diocese his Benefice shall be situate, or prejudice or affect his Rights, Privileges, or Liabilities further or otherwise than the same would have been prejudiced or affected in case such District had been formed exclusively out of his Parish.

XXIII. That every such Proprietary Church or Chapel Churchccand

erected or appropriated or endowed, and every such Parochial *

Chapel of Ease and District Parochial Church or Chapel erected Cmwo^able or appropriated with or without Endowment as aforesaid, and of Endowment whether under the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament, shall be, from and after the Endowment of such Proprietary Church or Chapel, and after the Erection of such Parochial Chapel of Ease and District Parochial Church or

Chapel, become and be, a Perpetual Cure and Benefice, by such Name as in the Case of an Endowment shall be mentioned in the Grant of such Endowment, and in default thereof, and in all other Cases, by such Name as by the Founders thereof, wTith the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese or District, shall be given, or in default thereof by such Name as the Bishop of the Diocese shall think proper to give it; and the Incumbent or Curate thereof, duly nominated, appointed, and licensed thereto, and his Successors for ever, shall be esteemed to be in Law a perpetual Curate to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and

(jj

492

As to Plurality of Benefices.

As to Nonresidence.

a Body Politic or Corporate, and shall have perpetual Succession as such, and be capable of receiving to him and his Successors in perpetuity any Endowment in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Money, or Public Stock or Funds, which may be granted unto him by virtue of this or any other Act, by any Deed of Endowment, or by last Will and Testament.

XXIV. That if any Ecclesiastical Person already possessed of any Benefice, Curacy, or Preferment shall be nominated and appointed to officiate in any such Proprietary Church or Chapel, Parochial Chapel of Ease, or District Parochial Church or Chapel erected or appropriated or endowed under the Provisions of this or any other Act, and shall accept such Appointment, and be duly licensed thereto, in such Case such Benefice, Curacy, or Preferment shall from thenceforth become absolutely void, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Patron thereof to collate, nominate, or present thereto as if the former Incumbent or Curate had died; and in case any such Incumbent, Minister, or Curate duly licensed to officiate in any such Church or Chapelry shall be licensed, collated, inducted, or installed into any other Perpetual Curacy, Benefice, or Preferment, that in such Case the said Appointment of any such Person as such Incumbent, Minister, or Curate of such Church or Chapel as aforesaid shall be thenceforth absolutely void, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Patron or Patrons thereof to nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person to officiate as such Incumbent, Minister, or Curate in such Church or Chapel, as if the former Incumbent, Minister, or Curate had died: Provided however, that in case any such Proprietary Church or Chapel, or Perpetual Curacy, erected, appropriated, endowed, or augmented under the Provisions of this or any other Act, and being without actual Cure of Souls of any Parish or Parochial District, shall be situated contiguous and convenient to any One or more Benefice or Benefices having no Parochial Church within the same, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, if he shall so think fit, by any Writing under his Hand and Seal to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, to license the holding of such Benefice or Benefices together with such Chapelry or Curacy, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding, but so that the special Reasons for granting such Licence shall be thereby assigned and stated.

XXV. That if the Incumbent, Minister, or Curate of any such Proprietary Church or Chapel, or Parochial Chapel of Ease, or District Church or Chapel, or Perpetual Curacy, erected, constituted, or endowed under the Provisions of this or any other Act, shall be absent from his Cure for above the Space of Sixty-one Days in any One Year, without the Licence of the Bishop of the Diocese having Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over the said Church or Chapel first had and obtained for that Purpose, such Church or Chapel or Curacy from thenceforth shall be deemed in Law to be actually avoided, and such Incumbent, Minister, or Curate from thenceforth for ever after shall be

disabled

1851. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). Cap. 72. 4M

disabled to hold and enjoy the same: Provided always, that no Lapse shall incur in respect of such Non-residence until Six Months after Notice thereof in Writing given by the Ordinary of the Diocese to the Patron or Patrons having the Bight of Nomination in such Case.

XXVI. That in case any such Proprietary Church or Chapel, ^rhCT *

or Parochial Chapel of Ease, or District Parochial Church or to

Chapel, or Perpetual Curacy, erected, constituted, or endowed for a certain

under the Provisions of this or any other Act, shall be suffered Tie»

to remain void for the Space of Six Calendar Months without Bishop! *°

any Nomination of a fit and proper Person to serve the same,

by the Patron or Patrons thereof, to the Bishop of the Diocese,

or the Bishop having Jurisdiction over the said Church or

Chapel, the same shall lapse to the said Bishop, and from him

to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown,

according to the Course of Law used in Cases of Presentative

Livings and Benefices: Provided always, that in case the said

Patron or Patrons shall, after having suffered the said Lapse to

incur, afterwards present or nominate to the same before any

Advantage taken of the same by the Bishop, Metropolitan, or

by the Crown respectively, such Presentation or Nomination

shall be as effectual as if made within Six Months, although so much Time has already elapsed as that the Title by Lapse shall have vested in the Crown.

XXVII. That it shall be lawful to elect, admit, and swear A*to Appoint-Two fit and proper Persons, being Members of the United ^t^Chmpe1-Church of England and Ireland\ to act as Chapelwardens in any Proprietary Church or Chapel erected, appropriated, or endowed

under the Provisions of this or any other Act for the Encourage* ment of the building of Churches or Chapels in Ireland, in the same Manner and at the same Period in every Year as in the Case of Churchwardens of Parochial Churches, One of such Chapelwardens to be named by the Incumbent or Minister, or by the Bishop of the Diocese in case there shall be none, and the other by the Proprietors of Pews in such Church or Chapel, or by the Trustees of the Church or Chapel in the first instance, before the said Pews or One Third thereof shall be let; and such Chapelwardens, when so elected, admitted, and sworn as aforesaid, shall have the like Authority within the said Church or Chapel as Churchwardens in the Case of a Parish Church have, and shall, unless otherwise provided by the Deed of Endowment, take care of the Repairs of the said Church or Chapel and the Management of the Funds thereof, and be competent to recover, by all proper Means and Proceedings, the Pew Rents and other Dues belonging to the said Church or Chapel, and so that no such Proceeding shall abate by reason of the Death, Removal, or going out of Office of any such Chapelwardens, but may be commenced, prosecuted, and continued in the official Name of the Chapelwardens of such Church or Chapel, describing the same by its usual Name, or by its local Situation: Provided always, that the Office, Powers, and Duties

4W

Where no Pariah Church, BiAopniaf require Service to he performed in nnT lieenaed Bufldii^.

Cap. 72.

Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Power to appropriate end set apart Land for the Erection of a Church or Chapel.

of such Chapelwardens, when selected, admitted, and sworn, shall be continued until Successors shall be chosen and sworn to fill the said Office as aforesaid.

XXVIII. That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of any ' Diocese in any Parish in which there shall be no Parish Church, or no Church in sufficient Repair for the Purpose of Celebration of Divine Service in any Parish, to license any Place or Places in the said Parish which may appear to him suitable and convenient for the Celebration or Divine Service, and to authorize and enforce the Performance and Celebration thereof in such licensed Place or Places by the Incumbent of said Parish, or hid Curate, in the same Manner as if such licensed Place or Places of Worship had been duly consecrated Churches or Parochial Chapels of Ease.

And with respect to the providing and Endowment Of Sites for Churches and Chapels, be it enacted as follows:

XXIX. That it shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation for the Time being Owner of any Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe or other Ecclesiastical Lands holden in right of his See, Benefice, Dignity, or Preferment, or in right of their Corporation, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Archbishop of the Province in which the said Lands shall be situate, testified under their respective Hands and Seals, and for any Person or Persons whatsoever seised of an Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for Life with immediate Remainder to his own Issue, of or in any Lands whereon any new Parish Church, District Parochial Church, or Parochial Chapel of Ease, or Proprietary Chapel, or other licensed Btiilding, has been, is being, or is intended to be, and may be conveniently or suitably built, to appropriate and set apart, by his or their Deed duly executed, or in case of any such Person seised in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life, by last Will and Testament duly executed at least Three Calendar Months before, his Decease, such Land or Portion of the said Land as may be convenient for the Erection of such Church or Chapel not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, and such Appropriation, provided the Bishop of the Diocese shall assent to apd confirm the same by Writing under his Hand and Seal, shall in every such Case be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and in the Case of such Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation seised in right of his Benefice, Dignity, Preferment, or Corporation, and of such Person seised in Fee Tail, or for Life with Remainder to his Issue, shall be as valid and effectual as if said Lands had been granted by a Person capable of absolutely disposing of same, and such Person or Corporation shall for the Purpose of this Act be deemed to be a Person having a sufficient Estate in that Behalf: Provided always, that every such Grant or Devise made in respect of any Church or Chapel intended to be built shall at the Election of the Grantor or his Representatives, be null and void from and after the Period of Six Years from the Execution of the said Deed, or of

1891. Churches and Chapelt (Ireland). Cap. 72. 486

ike Death of such Testator, unless such Church or Chapel shall have been erected, endowed, or constituted in the meanwhile by lawful Authority.

XXX. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons PoWioptni whatsoever seised of an Estate in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for

Life or Lives under any Settlement or Will in his or their own chapeL Right, and for the Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees for charitable and other Uses, mid for any Married Woman seised in her own Right, and for Guardians of Minors and Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, with Consent of the Court of Chancery* seised of said Estate as aforesaid, of or in any Lands whereon any Parochial or District Chapel of Ease or Proprietary Chapel, o*4ther licensed Building in which Divine Service according to the Liturgy and Rites of the Established Church of England anA Ireland has been or shall be lawfully performed, is intended to and may be suitably built, or has been previously built, by Deed duly executed and registered and enrolled in manner h&rem-after mentioned, to grant in Fee Farm such Portion of Land as may be convenient and necessary (not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure,) as and for the Site of said Church or Chapel, and shall and may by such Deed reserve such yearly Rent out of said Land as shall be agreed upon between such Person so granting the same and the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, or Trustees (if any), or the major Part of the said firufetees, of such Church or Chapelry, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Church or Chapelry shall be situate, to be signified by a Certificate in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, or by Indorsement on said Deed of Grant; provided that no such Consent of the said Bishop shall be given unless such Bishop shall be first satisfied that competent Provision has been made towards the perpetual Discharge of the Rent reserved by such Grant

XXXI. That any Lands or Tenements granted or conveyed Title to Site for the Site of any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, and "dsfcsdbta. upon which any Church or Chapel has been or shall be erected

or appropriated or endowed as aforesaid under the Provisions of this or any other Act, shall, without any Licence in Mortmain, become and remain absolutely vested in the Trustees for the Uni* being in the said Deed of Endowment of said Church or Chapel or licensed Building named or thereafter duly appointed, and their Successors, or in case there shall be no such Trustees nominated or appointed by such Deed, in the Incumbent or Curate and the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens (if any) of such Church or Chapel, and his and their Successors for ever, and in case there shall be no such Incumbent or Church or Chapel Warden yet appointed, shall be vested in the Bishop of the Didcose and his Successors until such Appointment, free from and discharged of all Demands, Claims, Rights, and Interests in any Person, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, including Her Majesty the Queen and Her Successors, but

CjOlAfePfe

Transfer of Freehold and Leasehold Property to now Trustees without Conveyance.

Endowment of Provision for Parochial Chapel by Incumbent of Parish.

Cap. 72.' Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

subject nevertheless to the Payment of any Bent that may be reserved thereout, and the Covenants and Conditions under which same are held.

XXXII. That whenever any Freehold or Leasehold Property has become or hereafter shall become, by any Conveyance, Assignment, or Assurance, vested in any Trustee or Trustees of any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, for the Purpose of maintaining the Celebration of Divine Service in such Church or Chapel, or of Endowment of Provision for the Minister or Curate thereof, or for a Residence for same, or for a Schoolhouse, such Conveyance, Assignment, or Assurance shall not only vest the Freehold; or Leasehold Property thereby conveyed or assured in the Party or Parties therein named, but shall also effectually vest such Freehold or Leasehold Property in their Successors in Office for the Time being and the old continuing Trustees, if any, jointly, or if there be no old continuing Trustee, then in such Successors for the Time being lawfully chosen and appointed, wholly upon the like Trusts and with and subject to the same Powers and Provisions as are contained in or referred to in such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or in any separate Deed declaring the Trusts thereof, and that without any Transfer, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Assurance whatsoever, anything in such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or in any separate Deed or Instrument, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case of any Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees being made as by Law heretofore was required, the same shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

And with respect to the making and augmenting Provisions for the Support of the Curates of Parochial Chapels of Ease, and District Parochial Churches and Chapels, and Proprietary Churches and Chapels, by way of Endowment, be it enacted as follows:

XXXIII. That it shall be lawful for the Incumbent of any Parish within which any such District Parochial Church or Chapel or Parochial Chapel of Ease shall be or is aboat to be erected, or from which in part or wholly the District assigned thereto shall have been formed, by any Deed under his Hand and Seal, to endow such District Parochial Church or Chapel or Parochial Chapel of Ease with such a competent Portion of the Glebe or Tithe belonging to the said Parish as shall be agreed upon by the Bishop and Dean and Chapter, if any, of the Diocese in which the said Parish shall be situate, and the Patron of the Benefice to which the said Glebe or Tithe did belong, and the Incumbent of the said Chapelry, if any, such Consent to be testified by their being Parties to and affixing their Seals to such Writing, not exceeding One Sixth Part of the yearly Income of the said Incumbent out of the said Parish, such Writing of Endowment to be registered and enrolled in the Manner herein-after mentioned, and that upon the Grant of

497

1851* Churches and Chapels (Ireland)* Cap. 72.

such Endowment being registered and enrolled as aforesaid the Incumbent of the said Parish and his Successors for ever shall he thenceforth discharged from Payment of any Salary or Proportion of the Salary of such Curate so endowed as aforesaid.

XXXIV. That it shall be lawful for any Person under no legal Disability or Incapacity, or Body Politic or Corporate, having an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple or Fee Farm in his, her, or their own Right, or in right of their Corporation, in or of any Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese under his Hand and Seal, and without any Licence of Alienation or in Mortmain, by Deed indented, under Hand and Seal, or under the Corporate Seal, or in case of a private Person by last Will and Testament in Writing duly executed Three Months at least before the Death of such Testator, provided the Bishop of the Diocese shall confirm and approve of the same under his Hand and Seal, to grant, convey, devise, or bequeath Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to any Incumbent or Curate officiating in any such Church or Chapel, and his Successors for ever, or to the Bishop of the Diocese and his Successors in trust for such Incumbent or Curate and his Successors for ever, when such Incumbent or Curate shall thereafter be admitted and licensed, or any Sum of Money, or Government or other Stock or Funds, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to any such Incumbent or Curate and his Successors for ever, or to any Trustee or Trustees on his Behalf, or to the Trustees of any such Church or Chapel, the same to be invested in Government or Public Securities in the Names of the Trustees of the said Church or Chapel, or in case there shall be no Trustees, in the Names of the Incumbent or Curate of such Church or Chapel and the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens thereof, as a perpetual Endowment or Augmentation for such District Parochial Church or Chapel, or such Parochial Chapel of Ease, or Proprietary Church or Chapel, then already erected, or intended to be thereafter erected and constituted by lawful Authority, or in aid of any Endowment or Provision made or to be made under the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament by the Incumbent of the Parish in which the said Church or Chapelry has been or shall be erected, or from which partly or wholly the District assigned thereto has been or shall be assigned, and such Grant or Conveyance, Devise or Bequest, shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese to which such Church, Chapel, or District shall belong, and such Deed shall be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland in manner herein-after provided; and every such Grant and Conveyance, Devise or Bequest, so made and enrolled and confirmed as aforesaid, shril be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, whether such Chapel or Church shall be vacant or full of an Incumbent at the Time of such Grant or Conveyance: Provided always, that every such Grant or Endowment intended for

Endowment of Provision for District Parochial Churches and Chapels of Ease and Proprietary Chapels by Strangers.

49 *

Application t>f Collation* and Pott lUnta.

Certain Sittings to be set apart as Free Sittings.

Endowment of Provision for Rectors and Vicars by Restoration of Ecclesiastical Property.

any Parochial or District or Proprietary Chapelry not then erected or constituted shall, at the Election of the Donor or his Representative, from and after the Expiration of Six Years from the Execution of such Deed or the Death of such Testator, be null and void, unless in the meanwhile such Church or Chapelry shall have been erected and constituted by lawful Authority.

XXXV. That in every such Proprietary Chapel erected, constituted, or endowed under this or any other Act of Parliament, it shall be lawful for the Chapel wardens or Trustees to collect and levy and recover an annual Rent for the Use of the Pews and Sittings in such Church or Chapel from such Persons as shall be willing to take and occupy same, and to apply the said Rents in and towards defraying the necessary Repairs and Insurance of the said Church or Chapel, increasing the Stipend or Salary of the Incumbent or Curate, or in defraying the other incidental Charges and Outgoings appertaining thereto, unless otherwise provided by the Deed of Trust or Endowment thereof: Provided always, that in every such Proprietary Church or Chapel erected, appropriated, or endowed under the Provisions of this or any other Act of Parliament One Third at least of the Sittings shall be set apart as Free Sittings for ever.

And with respect to the Restoration of Ecclesiastical Property to Rectors and Vicars, be it enacted as follows:

XXXVI. That it shall be lawful for any Person, being under no Disability or Incapacity, or for any Body Politic or Corporate, seised of any Impropriation of any Parsonage, Rectory, Vicarage, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, or of any Glebe Lands, Tithes, Portions, or other Property heretofore ecclesiastical, of any Estate of Inheritance, in possession, reversion, or remainder, by any Deed duly executed under Hand and Seal, or under the Corporate Seal, or by last Will and Testament duly executed in the Case of a private Person, and without any Licence of Alienation or in Mortmain, to restore, dedicate, devise, or convey the same or any Part thereof to the Rector or Vicar of the Parish in which the said Ecclesiastical Property shall be situate, and his Successors for ever, and in case there shall happen to be no Parson, Rector, or Vicar endowed within the said Parish, to the Bishop of the Diocese and his Successors for ever, in trust to and for the Use of such Minister or Curate as shall serve the Cure in the said Parish until there shall be a Rector or Vicar there established, and then and thereafter to the sole Use of the Rector or Vicar of the said Parish and his Successors for ever, and thereupon, from and after the Execution of the said Deed, or the Death of such Testator, and the Registry of such Deed or Will in the Manner herein-after provided, the said Rector and Vicar and his Successors, or the said Bishop and his Successors, shall stand and be seised thereof to him and his Successors for ever of an absolute and indefeasible Estate in Fee Simple; and in case there shall be no Parson or Vicar endowed within the said Parish, and there shall be limited and assured as aforesaid a competent Provision in Glebe Lands, Tithes, or other the

Premises

1851* Churches and Chapels (Ireland). Cap. 72. 499

Premises aforesaid, which shall be in the Judgment of the Bishop of the said Diocese adequate to the Support and Maintenance of a Rector or Vicar to serve the Cure of said Parish, it shall be lawful for the said Bishop to ordain, constitute, and appoint a sufficient Minister to be Rector or Vicar of the said Parish in a perpetual Succession to him and his Successors for ever, and to cause him to be admitted, instituted, and inducted, as Parson and Rector or Vicar thereunto, which Ordination, Constitution, and Appointment, Institution and Induction, shall within Six Months thereafter be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and from and after the Enrolment thereof the said Parson or Vicar so ordained, insti-; totted, and inducted shall be the Parson or Vicar of the said Baotovrjr, Church, and Parish to him and his Successors for ever m 'perpettial Succession, and shall be seised to him and his Stressors f6r ever of all and every the Parsonage or other Benefice, Appropriation, Glebe Lands, Tithes, and Premises centered or devised as aforesaid to the Bishop of the Diocese as efares&id of an absolute and indefeasible Estate in Fee Simple as Parson and Rector or Vicar of that Church and Parish; and in case such Endowment shall be the sole and only Provision Patronage in of such Rector or Vicar in right of the same Benefice, or Four respect of io& Times in yearly Value so much or more as such Rector or Vicar 11 , c *

formerly had in right of the said Benefice, in such Case the sole Patronage of Such Benefice shall belong to such Donor or Devisor and his Heirs and Successors only, but if the same be only Three Times so much, then such Donor or Devisor, his and 4mut Heirs and Successors, shall have upon the successive Avoidances Three Presentations, and the former Patron One Presentation, and if but twice as much, then said Donor or Devisor, his or their Heirs or Successors, shall have upon the successive Avoidances Two Presentations, and the former Patron One Presentation, and if of equal yearly Value or any greater Value, n6t amounting to the double Value, then the said Donor or Devisor, his or their Heirs and Successors, with such former Patron, shall present by Turns, whereof the said Donor shall have the first; and, on the other hand, where the former Endowments of such Benefice shall exceed the yearly Value of said Endowment, under the foregoing Provision, the like Proportion and Order to be holden as to the Right of Presentation thereto, tfte aaid Order and Proportion to be determined by Commission to be granted out of the Court of Chancery at the proportionable of the said Donor and former Patron, which being executed and returned into the said Court of Chancery shall be final to all Parties.

Rectors, Vicars, and Curates by Lay Property.

And with respect to the Endowment of small Rectories and Endowment of Vicdrages and Perpetual Curacies, and Acquisitions of Patronage ProTision for thereby, be it enacted as follows:

XXXVII. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons,

Body Politic or Corporate, being under no legal Disability or Incapacity, and without any Licence of Alienation or in Mortmain, by and with the Consent of the Ecclesiastical Person or Corpo-

1 I 1 2 by

5WP

Cap. 7&

Churches and Chapels (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Power to Archbishop, &c. to declare appropriate Parishes

ration seised of the Right of Presentation thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese, by any Deed under Hand and Seal, or under Seal of such Corporation, to endow any Benefice, Vicarage, or Perpetual Curacy whereof the Advowson or Right of Patronage shall belong to any Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation, and having no Provision or Endowment thereunto belonging of the Value of Fifty Pounds by the Year, with any Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Seventy-five Pounds per Annum, or with Money in the Government Funds not producing at the Time of the Endowment a greater yearly Income than Seventy-five Pounds, to be invested in the Name of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Rector and Vicar or Curate aforesaid, as a perpetual Provision for the Rector, Vicar, or Curate of such Benefice, Vicarage, or Curacy, and his Successors for ever; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation seised of such Right of Patronage, Nomination, or Presentation as aforesaid to convey and make over the Advowson, Right of Patronage, Presentation, or Nomination of such endowed or augmented Benefice to the Person or Persons so endowing or augmenting the same in manner aforesaid, his or their Heirs or Successors and Assigns for ever, or by Agreement to grant the Right of Presentation upon every alternate or other Vacancy of the said Benefice, Vicarage, or Curacy in proportion to the Amount of the said Endowment as compared with the previous Endowment of the same, or as nearly in such Proportion as Circumstances will admit, which Deed of Endowment and of Conveyance shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and from and after such Endowment and Conveyance, registered and enrolled as aforesaid, the Person, Body Politic or Corporate, who shall so endow or augment the same, and his Heirs and Successors, shall be the true and only Patron or Patrons of such endowed or augmented Benefice, Vicarage, or Curacy, or shall have the Patronage of such alternate or other Nomination thereto according to the Provisions of said Deed, and where Two or more Persons or Body Corporate or Politic join in making such Endowment or Augmentation of any such Benefice, Vicarage, or Curacy in manner aforesaid, such Person or Corporation respectively shall present or nominate to the said Benefice, Vicarage, or Curacy by Turns in such Manner as by Deed of Endowment shall be mentioned, and in default thereof in such Manner as the Bishop of the Diocese shall determine and appoint, or shall participate in the Patronage upon alternate or other Vacancies, according to the Provisions of the said Deed, or in default of any such Provision according to the Directions of the Bishop.

And with respect to appropriate and impropriate Parishes, and the Disappropriation and Endowment thereof, be it enacted as follows:

XXXVIII. That it shall be lawful for any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Archdeacon, or other Dignitary having any Parish with Cure of Souls appropriate and annexed to his See C£

Dignity

1851. Churches and Chapels (Ireland). Cap. 72.

Dignity as Part of the Corps thereof, by and with the Consent in the Case of an Archbishop of his Dean and Chapter, and in case of a Bishop with the Consent of the Archbishop of the Province and Dean and Chapter of the Diocese, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Archbishop of the Province and Dishop and Dean and Chapter of the Diocese, there being Two Thirds at least of such Chapter present, and if there shall be no Dean and Chapter in any of the above Cases, with the Consent, in otead and lieu thereof, of the Archbishop and major Part of the rest of the beneficed Clergy in Synod or at Visitation assem-fetod* testified by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, or btifljg Parties to and affixing their Seals to such Writing as is l|fff$Mrnfter mentioned, to declare, by any Writing under the and Seal of such Ecclesiastical Person, to be deposited in t)», Jtqgistry of the Diocese and of the Province in which such shall be situate, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the lii^t(!ourt of Chancery, that such appropriate Parish shall be deemed or taken to be a Perpetual Cure, and the Jfrqqrofeeiit thereof and his Successors shall be duly licensed and fl&iftfttlBd by the Bishop of the Diocese, and be a Body Politic Corporate, capable of perpetual Succession and of receiving Dndowment in that Behalf, and the Right of Nomination to any .£901* Parish or Curacy aforesaid shall be vested in the Eccle-Person or Corporation to whose See, Dignity, or Prefer-ABent the said Parish was appropriated, unless and until other-endowed under the Provisions herein contained; and the Person to whose See, Benefice, or Preferment the tud Parish is or was appropriate, shall provide for the Minister or Curate officiating in said Church or Chapel such annual ^Salary and Allowance as of Right ought to be paid and allowed, *fknd which he might have been liable to theretofore: Provided tjJways, that the Cure of Souls and other Parochial or Ecclesiastical Duties in any such Parish shall remain as theretofore.

U' That it shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical

jPttson or Corporation, with the Consents aforesaid, testified in the Manner aforesaid, by any Deed under his Hand and Seal, to jbe deposited in the Registry of the Diocese and Province, and 'enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery, to £ndow any Parish, Vicarage, or Perpetual Curacy the Church .whereof is appropriate to his or their See, Benefice, Dignity, or ^Preferment, or, having been appropriated thereto, has been or shall be disappropriated therefrom, with a competent Portion of Glebe or Tithes, or both, belonging to such See, Benefice, Dignity, or Preferment in such Parish, or to augment such Endowment as has been already made for the Maintenance and support of a proper Vicar or Curate, and the Performance of Divine Service in such Parish, Vicarage, or Curacy, and that thereupon such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors shall be thenceforth for ever discharged for the Payment of any Salary to the said Incumbent or Curate so endowed as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Ecclesiastical Person or his Successors,

601

to be Perpetual Cures, &c.

Endowment by Ecclesiastical Persons of Vicarages appropriate.

Power to Persons seised of: Ecclesiastical Benefices impropriate to present competent Clerks for such Benefices.

Registry and Enrolment of Deeds and Wills.

to whose See, Benefice, or Dignity such Parish was appropriate, shall receive any Benefit ot Advantage from such Endowment or Augmentation.

XL. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being under no legal Disability or Incapacity, and for any Body Politic or Corporate, seised of an Estate of Inheritance in possession of any Parsonage, Vicarage, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice impropriate in Ireland, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, or under the Corporate Seal, to present to the Bishop of the Diocese m which such Benefice shall be situate a lawful and competent Clerk for such Parsonage, Vicarage, or Benefice, who shall thereupon be admitted, instituted, and inducted into the Church pr Benefice, which Presentation, Admission, Institution, and Induction shall be entered and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and from and after such Presentation so made and enrolled as aforesaid the said Impropriation shall be for ever dissolved, and the sfcid Rectory, Vicarage, or other Benefice shall thenceforth become presentative for ever by the Donor thereof, his or their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, in such Manner and Form, and subject to the like Enactments as to Plurality, Non-residence, and Lapse, as other Churches presentative are.

XLI. That every Deed of Endowment or Grant for the Erection, Appropriation, Endowment, or Augmentation of any Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, and every last Will and Testament for the Endowment of the same, and every Deed, disappropriating any appropriate or impropriate Rectory, or providing for the Endowment of the same, shall, within Six Months after the Execution of the said Deed or the Death of such Testator, be registered in the Registry of the Diocese of the Bishop having Episcopal Jurisdiction over the same, for every which Registry a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be charged; and every such Deed shall within such Time be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, for which Enrolment the Fee of Ten Shillings, and no

Keater Sum, shall be charged, in addition to the usual Fees for grossment of same.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Ecclesiastical Residences in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the building and maintaining and

Purchase and Exchange of Ecclesiastical Residences in Ireland, and to apportion more justly and equally the Expenditure in f respect of such Residences, and render the Liability of Ecde- siastical Persons in respect of Dilapidations less burdensome: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and

1851. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73> 503

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

4. , L That in the Construction of this Act the following Words Construction of and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something either in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,) ,

s The. Expression u Ecclesiastical Person " shall comprehend _ and mean an Archbishop, Bishop, Archdeacon, Dean, Prebendary, Dignitary, Canon, Rector, Vicar, or Perpetual: Curate having actual Cure of Souls, and the Incumbent *

Chaiilain, or Perpetual Curate of any Parochial or District or Proprietary Chapelry:

The Expression " Bishop" shall comprehend and apply to an v Archbishop:

; The Expression " Improvement " shall include all Alterations, Additions, and Repairs (annual necessary Repairs of; t an ordinary Nature only excepted) in, to, and of any Buildr ings. Walls, or Pences on any Ecclesiastical Residence, or: Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands:

r The Expression " See," " Benefice," or " Preferment " shall ' i

include any united Sees, and permanently united Benefices,

, j or Preferments, so long as the same shall be so united by t, lawful Authority, and any divided See, Benefice, or Preferment, so long as same shall remain disunited.

With respect to the building and improving Ecclesiastical ^Residences by way of Memorial, Certificate, and Charge, be it enacted as follows:

II. That any Ecclesiastical Person, from and after the passing Memorial of of this Act, intending to erect or make or complete any Building proposed Build-or Improvement on his Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands, and ln£or InJPrOTe-

11" i ii -i t raent to be pre-

whether on a new or an ancient Site, shall. One h ortnight at the sented and ap-

least before he shall have begun to erect or make such Building proved of

or Improvement, give unto the Person or Persons who by this Act is or are empowered to grant the Certificate of Charge,

herein-after mentioned a Memorial in Writing in Three Parts,

subscribed with his proper Name and Handwriting, setting

forth the Length, Breadth, Height, and Thickness of the Walls

of such House or Houses as he intends to build or complete,

with the Number of Stories to be contained in the same, together

with the Situation of the Ground on which the same are to

stand, and a general and sufficient Description of all Houses,

Offices., or Buildings, or Parts of such Houses, Offices, or Buildings, Lands or Premises, intended to be improved, and the .Occasion for the same, and the Nature and Extent of the intended Improvements, and the maximum Sum proposed to be expended in such Purchase, Buildings, or Improvements, together with an Account or Estimate of the clear yearly Income of his See, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Preferment, after all legal Deductions from the same, to be specified in said Memorial or a Schedule thereunto annexed, which said Deduc-

504

tions shall, according to the Circumstances of the Case, comprehend such of the following Particulars as shall be applicable thereto, namely, Tax payable to Ecclesiastical Commissioners, legal Salary of permanent and necessary Curate or Curates, Proxies, Visitation Fees, Charge for Diocesan Schools, Poor's Rate (computed on an Average of Three Years next preceding) on Rentcharge, or other Ecclesiastical Revenues; and the Person or Persons hereby empowered to grant a Certificate of Charge shall, if he or they shall approve of such proposed Buildings or Improvements, in whole or in part, signify in Writing upon the said Memorial his or their Consent to the same, and shall express thereon the Date of such Approval, and cause One Part of such Memorial and Consent, signed by the Person or Persons giving such Consent, to be delivered to the Ecclesiastical Person presenting the same, or his Representatives, and shall cause One other Part of the said Memorial and Approval to be entered at large in the Registry of the Diocese wherein the said Building or Improvements are intended to be erected or made, and shall retain the Third Part thereof for his own Use.

Power to grant III. That the Person or Persons empowered to grant the *i^im^exa *° Certificate of Charge herein-after mentioned shall, at the Request mine Buildings Writing of any such Ecclesiastical Person who shall have end Improve- so undertaken any such Buildings or Improvements, in pursuance meats made, &c. Gf a Memorial presented and approved of as aforesaid, or of his personal Representatives, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Completion of said Buildings or Improvements, or, in case of incomplete Buildings or Improvements, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Death or Avoidance of such Ecclesiastical Person, and not later, unless on good and sufficient Reasons appearing to the contrary, and stated in the Commission herein-after mentioned, grant a Commission to Three or more Persons, One of whom shall be a competent Architect, to view and examine such Buildings or Improvements so erected or made as aforesaid, or left incomplete by reason of the Death Power to ad- or Avoidance of such Ecclesiastical Person, and to administer m^Comm^a-^1 or cause administered to the said Commissioners an Oath

aionerTtoretura to return a true and faithful Account and Estimate of the true Account, Value of the said Buildings or Improvements so erected or made, and also of the clear yearly Income of the See, Benefice, or

Preferment of such Ecclesiastical Person, to be estimated in manner herein-after mentioned, and to report whether the said Buildings or Improvements is or are in conformity with the Terms of the Memorial presented and approved of in that Behalf, and in what respect, if any, the said House, Buildings or Improvement varies therefrom, and whether or not the said House, Building, or Improvement is or are of a substantial and suitable Character, and fit and convenient for the Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, to the best of their Skill and Knowledge; and it shall be lawful for any One or more Person or Persons, being a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Residence is situate, to administer

1851.

605

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland),

Cap. 73.

such Oath to said Commissioners, which Oath shall be administered accordingly; and in case any Ecclesiastical Person shall, in pursuance of any such Memorial and Approval as aforesaid, have commenced any of such Buildings or Improvements, trat shall have died or otherwise avoided his See, Benefice, or Preferment before he shall have completed the same, the Person or Persons granting such Commission shall insert a Clause therein authorizing the said Commissioners to return a just and faithful Account and Estimate of what Sum or Sums of Money shall be necessary to expend in completing such Buildings or Improvements agreeably to such Memorial, so as to lender the same fit and convenient for the Residence of the Successors of such Ecclesiastical Person, according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, and to administer or cause to be administered to such Commissioners an Oath to the Effect last aforesaid in manner aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons granting such Commission to appoint, if he *r they shall so think fit, a competent Builder or Tradesman to make a Survey and Valuation of the said Buildings or Xtapi *ov&nents at or previous to the said Inquiry, and to attend arad afesist the said Commissioners by his Evidence or otherwise, ted fiMr the said Person or Persons to direct and determine finally such reasonable Remuneration for such the Services of the said Builder or Tradesman, to be paid by the Person or Persons requiring the said Commission, as to the Person or Persons1 granting same shall seem fit; and the said Commissioners shall h ave Power to examine Witnesses on Oath upon any Article of Account given in and alleged to have been expended on the Buildings or Improvements aforesaid, and upon all other Matters connected with the Subject of the said Inquiry, with a view to their forming a correct Estimate of the Value of the mad Buildings or Improvements, and the Stun necessary for their Completion; and the said Commissioners shall diligently inquire into and truly report in Writing upon the several Matters directed by the said Commission to be inquired into.

IV. That upon the Return of any such Commission as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in the Ca Be of an Archbishop, and for the Archbishop of the Province in the Case of a Bishop, and for the Bishop of the Diocese in all other Cases, or for the Vicar General or Commissary of the Diocese in case of the Absence from Ireland or Illness of any Archbishop or Bishop, to hear and determine such Objections be had and taken to the said Report, and to confirm, alter, or amend the same, and to grant a Certificate in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands and Seal or Seals, finally ascectlaining and declaring the clear yearly Income of the said See, -Benefice, or Preferment, and the Sum really and truly expended and laid out on such Buildings or Improvements, and the Amount which of right ought to be chargeable on the See, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Preferment in respect of any

Power to grant

Commission to make a Surrey and Valuation of Buildings, &c. previous to the said Inquiry.

Upon Return of Commission Lord Lieutenant. See, empowered to hear and determine Objections as may be taken to Report.

406

Cap. 73. Ecclesiiutical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vict.

such Buildings or Improvements made and completed in conformity with such Memorial presented and approved of as aforesaid, and not otherwise, unless on good and sufficient Reason to the contrary, to be stated in Writing on said Certificate, being the full Amount of the Sums of Money really and truly and properly expended on same; but in case any such Ecclesiastical Person shall so as aforesaid have died, or otherwise avoided his See, Benefice, or Preferment, before he shall have completed such Buildings or Improvements pursuant to such Memorial approved of as aforesaid, the said Lord Lieutenant, Archbishop, Bishop of the Diocese, or Vicar General or Commissary, as the Case may be, shall ascertain and determine finally what Sum of Money will bo requisite and necessary to be expended in completing the stud Buildings or Improvements, and shall deduct the same out of the Sum which the said Ecclesiastical Person or his personal Representative would have been entitled to receive from his Successor by virtue of the Certificate aforesaid in case he had completed the same, and shall grant a Certificate in Writing finally ascertaining and declaring the Sum of Money of right chargeable in respect of same on the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, being the Amount of the Difference between the said Sum to which the said Ecclesiastical Person would have been entitled if he had completed the said Buildings or Improvements, and the Sums necessary to complete the same; and in case the said Buildings or Improvements so left incomplete as aforesaid shall have been afterward* completed by any Successor, in pursuance of said original Memorial, or of any Memorial to be presented by him to and approved of by the Person or Persons hereby authorized to entertain Memorials as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to grant to the Ecclesiastical Person who shall have completed the said Buildings or Improvements pursuant to the said Memorial, so as to render the same lit and convenient for the Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, a Certificate ascertaining and declaring the Sum of Money by him expended in completing the said Buildings or Improvements iu manner aforesaid, and the Sum of Money which of right ought to be chargeable on the said See, BensSce, or Preferment in respect of the same, in addition to the Sam paid or payable by virtue of any Certificate or Certificates theretofore granted, rs if he had been the original Builder or Improver of the same: Provided always, that no Certificate shall be given in respect of any House or Buildings to be erected as aforesaid, unless the same shall be made of Stone and Lime, or Brick and Lime, and limbered in the Roof and in the Floors of such Building or Dwelling House, except the Basement Story, with Oak, Larch, or Fir Timber, (Bog Oak, and Fir if of Home Growth, and American Deal Timber excepted,) and covered with Slates, Tiles, or with Lead, and leaded in the Gutters and Valleys, and be reported by the Commissioners as aforesaid as built in a substantial and permanent Manner, and as suitable for the Residence of such

Ecclesiastical

1851. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland)* Cap. 73. 807

Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors: Provided also* that No greater no greater Amount shall in any Case be made or become charsreable at any One Time, by virtue of any One or more able at

Certificate or Certificates, in respect of any House, Outhouse, Time than Two Garden, or other Improvement merely, upon any See, Benefice, *nooma" or Ecclesiastical Preferment, or Union of Sees, Benefices, or Preferments, than Two Years clear Value or net Income of said See, Benefice, or Preferment, or Union, as aforesaid, to be estimated as herein-after provided and certified as aforesaid; and CwtMtft aib-every such Certificate granted in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, subject to the Power of Appeal herein-after provided, be be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever upon the Propriety and Amount of the said Charge, and every other Matter thereby, pursuant to the Powers aforesaid, adjudicated upon.

V. That the clear yearly net Income to be mentioned in every Estimate of In-such Certificate as aforesaid shall be estimated in respect of the ^£^Seeot particular See, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Preferment only

on which such Building or Improvement is purchased or made, and no other, unless the same shall be then permanently united, appropriated, or annexed, by Patent or otherwise, to or with some other See, Benefice, or Ecclesiastical Dignity or Preferment, in which Case said Certificate shall contain a true Statement of the clear yearly net Income of the said several united or consolidated Sees, Benefices, Dignities, or Preferments holden by such Ecclesiastical Person at the Time of making such Purchase, Building, or Improvement, and shall be calculated so as to deduct therefrom the permanent and annual Deductions herein-before mentioned, and payable thereout or affecting same.

VI. That the Amount so certified as aforesaid by such Lord Amount certi-

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland a

for the Time being, or by such Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar EcdSwUctl6 General or Commissary, shall from the Date of such Certificate Emoluments of be deemed and taken to be a Charge or Incumbrance on the Ecclesiastical Emoluments or Profits of the See, Benefice, or Preferment holden by Such Ecclesiastical Person making or completing such Purchase, Building, or Improvement, at the

Time of his making or completing the same; and after Provision made for all proper and necessary Outgoings and Charges in respect of the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, including a competent Provision for the Person or Persons discharging the actual Cure of Souls in the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, such Charge, and every Sequestration issued in respect thereof in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be paramount to all other Charges and Incumbrances and Sequestrations whatsoever, and shall be payable in preference thereto, excepting only Sequestrations issued in pursuance of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 37.

relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland; and such

508

Ragfatry of Certificate.

Charge to be subject to progressive Diminution in respect of Lapse of Tune.

Saving in favour of the Person building.

Cap. 7 3. JEcclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Charge, on the Death of any Ecclesiastical Person liable to the Payment thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall rank as a Judgment Debt of such deceased Ecclesiastical Person, and be paid as such, as if a Judgment had been duly acknowledged by or entered against him during his Lifetime by the Person or Persons then entitled to the Charge, for the Amount of the said then existing Charge, and immediately after all the bona fide Judgments, Crown Bonds, and Recognizances entered up, acknowledged, or executed by him dunng his Lifetime *

VII. That such Certificate of Charge granted as aforesaid shall, within Six Months from the granting of thewoe»be entered, of Record in the public Registry of the Diooede ito which the same relates, and in default thereof the said Charge shall not, nor shall any Sequestration issued thereon, be ondtiad to any Preference or Priority by virtue of this Act, norahatt the said Certificate, until registered, have any Effect or Operation whatsoever to charge said See, Benefice, or Preferment £ andtke Exemplification of such Certificate, so registered! undartrfika Hand and Seal of the Archbishop or Bishop of the iD&decM, shall be as good and effectual in the Law to all Intents, -md Purposes, at any Trial or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, as if the Original of the same had been produced; and that any Person shall, upon Demand, and Payment of a Sum not exceeding Twopence for each Seventy-two Words thereof, be entitled to have from the Registrar of said Diocese a certified Copy of every such registered Memorial and Certificate of Charge in respect of any See, Benefice, or Preferment, and shall be entitled, upon Demand, and Payment of a Fee not exceeding Five Shillings, to a Memorandum of Search in respect of such registered Certificate and Memorial, certified by the Registrar to set forth correctly the Date mid material Contents of all such Certificates and Memorials as shall have been registered theretofore.

And with respect to the Apportionment of the said Charges as between the Ecclesiastical Person obtaining such Certificate and his Successors, and the Time and Manner of recovering the same, be it enacted as follows: :; tt

VIII. That every such Charge in respect of any Building or Improvement made as aforesaid shall be subject to a fixed annual Decline or Reduction in respect of Lapse of Time by a Sum equal to and at the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every Hundred Pounds of the Amount originally charged by the said Certificate for every Year and proportional Part of a Year that shall elapse while such Ecclesiastical Person claiming by himself or his Representatives to be entitled to the Benefit of the same shall have been entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the See, Benefice, or Ecclesiastical Preferment upon which the same is made chargeable, until the entire Amount thereof shall have been thereby extinguished: Provided always, that in respect of the Ecclesiastical Person who shall have obtained the said Certificate, and his Representatives, such Charge shall not be subject to any such Reduction in respect of Lapse of Time, until, in the

Case

1851.

jEcclesiastical Residences (Ireland)* Cap. 73. 309.

Ca8e of any Purchase or building of a new House or Offices*? after the Expiration of the full Term of Five Years, and in all other Cases until after the Expiration of Three Years from the Bate of the Approval of the Person or Persons hereby authorized thereto to the Memorial presented by or on behalf of the said Ecclesiastical Person, or such Part of the said aforesaid Term as such Ecclesiastical Person shall continue to hold the said See,

Benefice, or Preferment, and in every such Case the said Charge shall begin to decline from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Years commencing from the Date of the said Approval, or from the Death or Avoidance of such Ecclesiastical Person (whichever shall first take place), and not sooner.

IX. That every such Ecclesiastical Person, or his personal Charge payable Representative, having obtained a Certificate of Charge as afore* in re8P^ of said, shall have, receive, and reoover from his next Successor or Buildings, hie Representative the full Amount stated and certified in such Certificate as of right chargeable on the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, reduced by said Deduction in respect of Lapse of

Time (if any), or such Instalments and proportional Part of any Instalment thereof as shall accrue due while such Successor has been entitled to the Profits and Emoluments of the said See,

Benefice, or Preferment, and such next Successor, or his Representatives, having paid the Amount charged by the said Certificate, reduced as aforesaid, or such Instalments or proportional Part of any such Instalment, shall have, receive, and recover >

from his next Successor or his Representatives the Amount ' '

actually paid to the Predecessor or his Representatives, subject ' , J ' to the like Reduction in respect of Lapse of Time; and such last-mentioned and every subsequent Successor, and his and their Representatives, shall be in like Manner entitled to have, receive, and recover from his or their next Successors, or his or their Representatives, the Sum or Sums which he or they shall have respectively paid to his or their Predecessor or Predecessors, or his or their Representative, subject in all Cases to a like Reduction in respect of Lapse of Time, until the entire Amount of the said original Charge shall have been thereby paid off or extinguished

X. That the several Sums made chargeable and payable by Time and H&n-vfartue of any such Certificate as aforesaid, reduced by such ner of recover. Deductions (if any) as aforesaid, shall be paid by each Successor ing Charge* chargeable therewith respectively, or his Representatives, to the

Person entitled to receive the same, in all Cases by Four equal Instalments, the first thereof to become payable at the End or Expiration of One Year from the Death or Removal of the Predecessor entitled to such Charge, and the other Three Instal-

ments at successive Intervals of Six Months therefrom; and By Distress, tb*same, and every proportional Part thereof made payable by Sequestration this Act, may, after the Intervals aforesaid, be recovered by the or cUon* Ecclesiastical Person entitled to recover the same, or his Representatives, either by Distress on any of the Lands or Tenements of the See, Benefice, or Preferment belonging to the Successor,

hereby

no

Successor dying or aroiding before entire Charge payable.

Successor p raring insolrent, Charge recoverable from next Successor.

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Re*idences\Ireland)* 14 & 15 VICT.

hereby required to pay the same, or by Sequestration of the Profits and Emoluments of the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, after due Provision made for such Person or Persons as shall discharge the actual Cure of Souls in the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, (which Sequestration is to be made and granted by the Person or Persons for the Time being empowered to grant such Certificate of Charge as herein-before mentioned, or in case such See, Benefice, or Preferment is already under Sequestration at the Time that any such Charge or Instalment thereof shall become due, it shall be lawful for the Person so authorized to issue a Sequestration as aforesaid instead thereof to make an Order on the Sequestrator to pay such Instalment or Chaage so due or to accrue due, without issuing any further or other Sequestration for that Purpose,) or by Action of Debt or Aasuopflt in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law in Irrhmi against such Successor or his Representatives; and in any euek Action or Suit it shall be a sufficient Statement of the Canse of Action in the Declaration to declare for the Amount of such Instalment of the said Charge, or such proportional Part thereof, as due by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, according to the Form, as nearly as may be, of the usual common indebitatus Counts in Assumpsit or in Debt

And with respect to the Persons who shall in certain Cases be deemed Successors, be it enacted as follows:, - > vJ

XI. Where any such Successor as aforesaid shall die, or others* wise avoid such See, Benefice, or Preferment, before the entire Amount of the said Instalments, or any of them, in respect of the said Charge, shall have become payable, such Successor and his Representatives shall in such Case be liable only to the Payment of such Instalments as have actually accrued due during his Incumbency, and for such a Part of the Instalment then running due as shall be proportioned to the Time that shall have elapsed from the Date of the Avoidance of the Predecessor, or from the Accrual of the preceding Instalment to the Day of the Death or Avoidance of such Successor; and the Residue of the said running Instalment, or such Bart thereof as shall be proportioned to the Period of his Incumbency, shall be paid and payable by the next Successor, who shall in such Case, and to the Extent of the Instalments afterwards to accrue, and the Balance of any running Instalment, be deemed and taken to be the Successor for all the Purposes of this Act.

XTL That in case any such Ecclesiastical Person or his Representatives as aforesaid entitled to any such original or reduced Charge shall, by reason of the Insolvency of any such. Successor, or of his Estate, after having, to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons empowered to entertain Memorials in: that Behalf, with all due Expedition proceeded to enforce Pay-i ment of said Charge, or Instalments or proportional Part thereof^ have failed to recover the Amount of the said Charge, cm* such-instalment or proportional Part thereof, as against such Successor or his Representative, it shall be lawful for the said

Ecclesiastical

1851.

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73.

511

Ecclesiastical Person or his Representatives, by and with the Consent of such Person or Persons empowered as aforesaid first had under his or their Hand and official Seal, such Consent not being given until after due Notice to the Person to be made liable in respect thereof, who, if he shall so desire it, shall be heard in opposition thereto, to demand and recover the Amount of the said Charge, Instalment, or proportional Part thereof, or the Residue thereof then remaining due and unpaid, from the next Successor of such insolvent Successor, who shall, to the Extent of such Charge so remaining due, be deemed and taken to be the next Successor of the Ecclesiastical Person entitled to the said Charge; and it shall be lawful for such last-mentioned Successor to deduct and retain from such Ecclesiastical Person & in default, or his Representatives, any Proportion of the Profits and Emoluments of the said See, Benefice, or Prefer-tffttbt to which the said Ecclesiastical Person might have been Entitled, to the Extent of the said annual Reduction of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum on each One hundred Pounds Of ibe Baid original Charge which the Estate of the said insolvent Successor should have borne if the said Charge or Instalment had been duly paid.

XIII. That in case any such See, Benefice, or other Eccle- Suooesior in siastical Preferment upon which there shall be a subsisting Sees^w Charge by virtue of any such Certificate as aforesaid shall thereafter become lawfully and permanently united, by Patent

or otherwise, with any other See, Benefice, or Preferment, or Portion of any See, Benefice, or Preferment, the Ecclesiastical Person for the Time being holding such united Sees, Benefices, or Preferments shall be deemed and taken to be the Successor of the Ecclesiastical Person entitled to the Charge, to all Intents and Purposes of this Act; and the Sum then remaining due and payable in respect of any such Certificate shall be and continue a Charge on the said See, Benefice, or Preferment theretofore liable tl lereto, in like Manner, and shall be payable by the like Instalments, and in the same Priority, as if the said Union had Hot taken place.

XIV. That in case any Parish or other Ecclesiastical Prefer- Sueceoor in ment shall be lawfully divided, or any Parish or Parishes, or cas15f Division Ecclesiastical Preferment or Preferments, or Part or Parts priatiraofB©-thereof, theretofore united or appropriated to any See, Dignity, nefioes.

or Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Preferment, shall be separated or disappropriated therefrom, whereon any such Charge as aforesaid shall be subsisting at the Time of said Division or Separation or Disappropriation, the Incumbent or other Ecclesiastical Person for the Time being entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Part of the said divided, disunited, or disappropriate Parish, Dignity, or Preferment, or Part of a Parish or Preferment, on which the said Building or Improvement shall have been made, shall be deemed and taken to be exclusively the Successor of the Ecclesiastical Person entitled to the Charge, to all Intents and Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding

that

Apportionment by -Lord Lieutenant and Council.

Successor pay* ing only Part of Charge may reoorcr same against his Sue-

Ordinary may direct Residence to be built.

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland)* 14 & 15 Yigj.

that the Amount of the then existing Charge shall exceed Two Years Income of the said Parish or Preferment, or Part of a Parish or Preferment: Provided always, that the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council of Ireland, upon any such Division or Separation or Disappropriation of any such Parish or Parishes or Ecclesiastical Preferment, or Parts of any Parish or Preferment, upon which any such Charge shall be then subsisting, shall have regard to suck Charge, with a view to its Apportionment; and it shall and may be lawful for them to apportion any such Charge as they shall think just and reasonable upon the several Parishes or Prefer *, ments, or Parts of Parishes or Preferments, theretofore unitedi and the respective Incumbents of the said divided Parishes or Parts of Parishes, and their respective Successors therein, shall in respect of such apportioned Parts of the said Charge bu deemed and taken to be respectively the Successors of Ecclesiastical Persons entitled to said Charge, to all Intents and Purposes of this Act. t '

XV. That where any Ecclesiastical Person chargeable with the Amount of such original or reduced Charge as aforesaid, or all or any of the Instalments thereof, or proportionate Parti thereof, shall have paid but a Part thereof to the Ecclesiastical Person entitled to the same, or his Representative, such Person or his Representative making such partial Payment as aforesaid shall be entitled to have, receive, and recover from the next Successor or his Representatives so much of the said Charge as he or they shall have actually paid, reduced by said. Deduction in respect of Lapse of Time as aforesaid, but subject to the Priority of the Demand of the Ecclesiastical Person agr, his Representatives entitled to the Residue of the said then, existing Charge, which shall be paramount, and paid in prefer ence thereto, to be recoverable by any of the Means aforesaid Provided always, that no Successor liable to the Payment of the said divided Charge, or his Representatives, shall in any Cgse^ whatever be liable for any greater Sum in the aggregate than; the Amount of the said original Charge, reduced by Deduction, in respect of Lapse of Time accrued at the Death or Avoidance of his next immediate Predecessor.

And with respect to the compulsory building of Glebe Housed in certain Cases, be it enacted as follows: n

XVI. That every Archdeacon, Dean, Dignitary, Prebendary* Rector, Vicar, Perpetual or Impropriate Curate, having actual Cure of Souls, and admitted into any One or more Benefice or Benefices or other Ecclesiastical Preferments, which, either singly or jointly, produce a clear yearly Income of One hundred; Pounds or upwards, and having no House of Residence thereon, fit and convenient for the Residence of said Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, but having upon any One of said Benefice* or Preferments, or being for that Purpose lawfully endowed, with, such Portion of Glebe or Mensal Lands within or adjacent, to the said Benefice or Preferment as the Archbishop or Bishop *

1851.

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73 *

513

of the Diocese shall judge fit and convenient for building thereon, shall, after he shall have been Three Years in possession of the said Benefice or Benefices or other Ecclesiastical Preferments, and within a Time certain, to be limited and appointed by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, build and improve upon such Glebe or Mensal Lands by erecting a suitable Dwelling House and Offices in conformity with a Memorial to be presented and approved of in manner aforesaid; and in case any such Ecclesiastical Person shall neglect or refuse to make such Building and Improvements within the Time so limited as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese to sequester a Moiety of the Profits of each Benefice or Benefices or Preferments until a Sum not exceeding Two Years Income of such Benefice or Benefices or Preferments shall be received, to be laid out and expended in making said Improvements on the said Glebe or Mensal Lands as aforesaid, though such Ecclesiastical Person shall decline or omit to present a Memorial as aforesaid; and the said Ecclesiastical Person or his Representatives shall, upon the Completion of the said Buildings or Improvements during the Period of Ms Incumbency, or, in case of the same being left incomplete by reason of his Death or Avoidance, immediately thereafter, be entitled to demand and have a Certificate of Charge in respect of the said Building or Improvements completed or left incomplete, for the like Amount, and of the like Nature and Effect in all respects, as if such Ecclesiastical Person had himself voluntarily undertaken such Buildings or Improvements; and in case the Incumbency of the said Ecclesiastical Person so declining shall determine before the said Buildings or Improvements shall have been commenced, or before the required Amount shall have been levied (in which latter Case it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese to require and enforce in like Manner the Contribution of the Balance necessary to complete the said Sum from the Successor or Successors of said Ecclesiastical Person), the Incumbent so avoiding, or his Representative, shall be entitled to a Certificate of Charge for the Amount actually levied during the Incumbency after deducting the Expense of levying same; and the Successor, having paid the same, and the Balance aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be entitled to a Certificate of Charge for the entire Amount so paid of the like Nature and Effect as if the Charge were obtained in respect of Buildings voluntarily undertaken.

XVII. That the Money so to be raised shall, after Payment Money levied to of the Charges of levying same, be paid, either altogether or in Parcels, at the Discretion of the Bishop of the Diocese, into the tions of the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and BUhop. appointed by the said Bishop or Archbishop of the Diocese» by Tenting under his Hand, to receive and apply the same for the Purpose of making such Buildings or Improvements, after such Nominee shall have given Security by Bond to the Bishop or Archbishop of the Diocese, with sufficient Surety, in double the

Inquiry and Report of Building and Improvements necessary.

) B ' <.' U:

Cap. f&J Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland)* 14 & 15 VICT;

Sum so raised, with Condition for his duly applying and accounting for the same according to the Provisions of this Act; and the Person or Persons so to be nominated shall enter into Contracts with proper Persons for such Buildings or Improvements as shall be approved of by the said Bishop or Archbishop, and shall be specified in a Memorial in Writing subscribed with the Hand of such Person or Persons so nominated as aforesaid, and countersigned with the Signature of the said Bishop or Archbishop approving of the same (a Copy of such Memorial shall be registered at large in the Registry of the Diocese, and shall for this Purpose be in the Room and Stead of a Memorial presented by the Ecclesiastical Person holding the said Sec, Benefice, or Preferment); and the said Person or Persons so nominated shall inspect and have the Care of the Execution of such Contracts, and shall pay the Money for such Buildings or Improvements according to the Terms of the said Agreement, and shall take proper Receipts and Vouchers for the same; and as soon as the said Buildings or Improvements shall be completed, and the Money paid for the same, such Person so nominated as aforesaid shall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, together with the Vouchers for the same, and enter them in a Book, fairly written, which shall be signed by him, and laid before the Bishop or Archbishop of the Diocese, and examined by him; and, when allowed by Writing under the Hand of such Bishop or Archbishop, such Allowance shall be a full Discharge to the Person so nominated in respect of the said Accounts and the Expenditure of the said Monies; and if any Balance shall remain in the Hands of such Nominee the same shall be returned to the Ecclesiastical Person whose Benefice or Preferment was put under Sequestration as aforesaid, or his Representatives, and shall be considered in estimating the Amount payable under any such Certificate of Charge.

And with respect to the building and improving of Ecclesiastical Residences by means of Money raised on Mortgage, be it enacted as follows:

XVIII. That if by reason of the Inability of any Ecclesiastical Person having no sufficient House of Residence, or having a Residence requiring substantial and permanent Improvement, to advance the necessary Sums of Money for building or improving such House of Residence on his See, Benefice, or Preferment, or for any other sufficient Reason, it shall appear proper and expedient so to do, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons hereby empowered in that Behalf to grant a Certificate of Charge in respect of' the building or improving ?of any such Residence to grant a Commission to Two or more fit and proper Persons, One of whom shall be an Architect, directing them to inquire whether there is a fit House of Residence within the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, and what are the net annual'Profits of the same, and whether a fit House of Residence can be provided on the Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Land* belonging to the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, or to view

1851. Ecclesiastical Ilesidences^Ireland)* Cap. 73.

and examine the existing Buildings or Improvements, and inquire and report whether the same are in need of any and what permanent or substantial Repairs, Additions, Alterations, or Improvements; and such Commissioners shall be sworn truly and faithfully to inquire and report upon the Matters so referred to them, in the same Manner, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities to examine Witnesses, as the Commissioners of Valuation of Buildings pursuant to Memorial, and shall, if necessary, have the Assistance of One or more Builders or Tradesmen, to be nominated by the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission, and shall annex to their Report a Certificate of the actual State and Condition of the Buildings, if any, and of the Value of the Timber and other Materials, if any, thereupon, fit to be employed in building or repairing the said House of Residence, or to be sold, and a Plan or Estimate of the Work fit and proper to be done for building or improving such House of Residence, with all necessary and convenient Offices, to be signed by such Builder or Tradesman; and thereupon such Person or Persons receiving said Report shall cause to be transmitted to the Ecclesiastical Person holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment a Copy of the said Report, Estimate, and Plan, and shall hear and determine such Objections as may be had, preferred, and taken to the said Report or any Part thereof, in Writing, within Two Calendar Months from the Transmission of the said Report, and shall confirm, alter, or amend the same as he or they shall think fit; and thereupon such Report, so amended or confirmed, shall be entered at large in the Registry of the Diocese.

XIX. That it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons empowered to entertain Memorials as aforesaid, upon the Confirmation of any such Report recommending that any such Building or Improvements shall be made, by Mortgage of the Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments arising from such See, Benefice, or Preferment, to raise such Sum as the said Estimate may amount to (together with the Costs of such Commission of Inquiry and Report), after deducting the Value of any Timber or other Materials which may be thought proper to be sold, such Sum not exceeding in the whole Two Years net Income of such See, Benefice, or Preferment, to be calculated in manner aforesaid; which said Mortgage shall be made to the Person or Persons advancing the Money so to be raised for the Term of Thirty-five Yrears, or until the Principal Money, with Interest for the same, and the Costs of recovering the same, shall be paid and satisfied in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall be by Deed or Deeds in the Form or to the Effect in that Behalf contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall be effectual to bind such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors until said Principal Money, Interest, and Costs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and such Mortgagee shall execute a Counterpart of suck Mortgage, to be kept by the Ecclesiastical Person holding such See, Bene-# _ K k 2 fice,

I ntimated Expense to be raised on Mort-

? rA

n

M

510

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Atto the Repayment of Amount of Mortgage and Interest.

fice, or Preferment for the Time being, and a Copy thereof shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese.

Xa, That every Ecclesiastical Person entitled to the Profits and Emoluments of such See, Benefice, or Preferment charged with any such Mortgage as aforesaid, and his Successors, for the Time being, and his and their personal Representatives respectively, shall be liable to, and shall, from and after the Expiration of the First Year of the said Term of Thirty-five Years (in which Year no Part of the Principal Sum borrowed shall be repayable) yearly and every Year, such Year to be computed from the Date of the said Mortgage, pay to the Mortgagee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, One Thirtieth Part of the Principal Sum, until the whole thereof shall be repaid, jand shall at the End of the first and every succeeding Year p*y the yearly Interest on the Principal Sum, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain unpaid; and in case of the Avoidance of any such See, Benefice, or Preferment, by Death or otherwise, the Sum payable at the End of any Year in which the said Avoidance shall occur shall be apportioned between the Successor and the Ecclesiastical Person avoiding such See, Benefice, or Preferment, in such Proportion os the Profits of such See, Benefice, or Preferment shall have been reoeived by him for the Year in which such Death or Avoidance aball have happened; and in case such Successor and the Ecclesiastical Person so avoiding, or his Representative, cannot agree in Adjusting such Proportion, the same shall be finally determined by the Person or Persons empowered to entertain Memorials as aforesaid; and such Principal, Interest, and Costs, and such proportional Part of the same, may be recovered by such Mortgagee, his Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt in any of the Superior Courts of Law, or in case the same shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Forty Days after the same shall become due, by Distress and Sale, in such Manner as Rents may be recovered by Landlords or Lessors from their Tenants by the Laws in being; and in such last-mentioned Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons empowered to borrow the said Money on Mortgage as aforesaid to sequester the Profits of such See, Benefice, or Preferment till such Payment shall be made. - t i

XXI. That the Money so to be raised by Mortgage afore-M^eyiubu^.- 8a^ shall, after Payment of the Costs of the said Commission of Inquiry and Report, be paid, altogether or in Parcels, at the Discretion of the Person or Persons empowered to hornet the same, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by him or them, by Writing under his or their Hands; and so much thereof as shall be necessary shall be applied and dealt with in the Manner prescribed in respect of building of Glebe Houses, under Directions o£r the Ordinary in default of the Ecclesiastical Person dirpotfld to build, or as nearly thereto as the Circumstances will admit; and the Balance remaining, if any, shall be applied in.part Dis-

" 1 G0t)gle charge

As to the Ex-

ing or improving.

1851.

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland).

Cap. 73.

517

charge of the Principal Money secured by the said Mortgage, at the Discretion of the Person or Persons borrowing same.

XXII. That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of any Diocese, Pow*' to^n* In any Case in which a House of Residence shall be necessary to be provided for the Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent of any suitable Glebe Benefice, Parochial or District Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, Houeea. having actual Cure of Souls, and cannot be conveniently erected on the Glebe of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, or in case there shall be no Glebe appertaining thereto, to contract for the absolute Purchase of any House or Buildings, with or without a suitable Portion of Land, conveniently situate for the Residence of such Rector, Vicar, Chaplain, or Curate, or to contract for any Land upon which a House of Residence can be conveniently built, and for the Erection of the said House of Residence thereon, and to raise the Purchase Money thereof, and the necessary Expenses of erecting the same, by Mortgage of the Glebe, Rentcharge, and Emoluments of such Benefice,

Chapelry, or Curacy, in the same Manner in all respects as is prtmded with respect to Mortgages herein-before authorized; and the Principal Money, Interest, and Costs secured by the said Mortgage shall be repayable by the Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent for the Time being, and his Successors, and recoverable against him and his personal Representatives, in the like Manner and to the same Extent as is herein-before provided in respect to the aforesaid Mortgages: Provided always, that no greater Sum shall be ('barged upon any such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, under the Authority of the foregoing Provision, than ' Two Years net Income of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, after deducting all necessary Outgoings and Charges thereon in manner aforesaid.

And with respect to the providing by way of Endowment of Glebe Lands and Houses by well-disposed Persons desirous to promote the Residence of a Minister to officiate in any Church,

Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, be it enacted as follows:

XXIII. That it shall be lawful for any Person, Body Politic As to Endow-or Corporate, having in his own Right, or in right of their Corporate Body, an Estate in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or Fee Farm, Houses ty in possession, reversion, or contingency, in Lands, Tenements, <* WOL or Hereditaments, and having legal Capacity to dispose of the same, whether in his or their own Behalf, or in pursuance of any Trust theretofore created, by any Deed duly executed under his Hand and Seal, and in the Case of Her Majesty and Her Successors by Deed under the Great Seal of Ireland, and in the Case of a Corporation aggregate by Deed under the Corporate Seal, such Deed to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, within Six Months after the Execution thereof, or in case of a private Person by last Will and Testament in J Writing duly executed at the least Three Calendar Months ' before the Death of the said Testator, and duly registered in — K k 3 the

m

CaJ>; 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland), 14 & 15 VlcnO

i

t

As to Endowment of Purchase Money to build Glebe House.

the Registry of the Diocese within Six Months after his Decease, without any Licence of Alienation or in Mortmain, and without any Deed disentailing or destroying any Estate Tail, to grant or to devise to the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of any Church, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy having no House of Residence or Glebe Lands, or an insufficient or inconvenient House of Residence or Quantity of Glebe Land belonging thereto, and his Successors, or to any Person or Persons or Corporation, in trust for the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of any Church, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, then or thereafter, and within the Time herein-after provided, erected and constituted by lawful Authority in any Parish or District, any House, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Easement, Lands, or Tenements, as a House of Residence or Conveniency or as Glebe Lands for such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, whether lying within the local Limits of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, or not; provided that the same be deemed by the Bishop of the Diocese suitable and conveniently situate for the actual Residence and Occupation or Enjoyment of the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate thereof, and his Successors; and provided also, that such Lands, together with the former Glebe of such existing Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, shall not exceed Forty Acres at the most, and that such Grant or Devise shall be null and void as to the Excess thereof, but shall be valid and effectual as to the Residue; and such House, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Easement, Lands, or Tenements shall, from and after such Grant or Devise thereof, registered and enrolled as aforesaid, and the Death of any such Testator, for ever be deemed and taken to be the Glebe House, Outhouse, Office, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Easement, and Glebe Land of such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be vested in the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate thereof, and his Successors for ever, or in case of there being no such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate at the Date of such Grant, or the Death of such Testator, or afterwards, the same shall be vested in the Bishop of the said Diocese, and his Successors, or in such Trustee or Trustees as shall be nominated by such Benefactor, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, in trust for and unto and to the Use of such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate as shall be thereafter duly nominated and appointed thereto, until there shall be such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate there established, and until such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, and his Successors, shall be constituted a Corporation sole capable of perpetual Succession, and then and from thenceforth to the sole Use of such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, and his Successors for ever.

XXIV. That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, whether in his or their own Behalf, or in pursuance of any Trust theretofore created by any Deed duly executed under his Hand and Seal, or by last Will and Testament to be executed at the least Three Calendar Months before his Decease, such Deed or

Will

1851/ f

1 'Ecdestaxtical Residences (Ireland,. Ckp.i^ Iff.

Will to be registered and enrolled in banner-aforesaid, to *sver

or bequeath any Sum of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds to the Bishop or Archbishop of any Diocese, or to any Person or Persons or Body Corporate, towards or in trust for the Erection or Purchase of a House of Residence, and together with or without a convenient Portion of Land thereunto annexed, for the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of any Church, Parochial or District Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, then or thereafter, and within the Time herein-after provided, to be erected { >

and constituted by lawful Authority, and not having a suitable \

Residence thereunto belonging, and his Successors for ever, or . for any Improvements thereon, to be for such Purposes applied; /

according to the Will and Desire of such Benefactor by said Deed or Will expressed, with the Consent and Approbation of .;

the Ordinary of the Diocese, and in default of such Direction, in such Manner as shall be directed and approved by the Bishop with the Consent of the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, in case there be any such then existing; and thereupon such Buildings or Improvements shall be made or purchased accordingly, as soon as same conveniently may be after the Execution of the said Deed, or the Death of guch Testator, by the Person or Persons nominated by the said Benefactor, with the Consent of the Ordinary of the Diocese as aforesaid, or by the Ordinary of the Diocese, with the Consent of the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate aforesaid, in case there shall be such; and such Person or Persons or Body Corporate so nominated as aforesaid, and such Ordinary of the Diocese, shall have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, take, and enjoy, for the Purpose aforesaid, as well from such Benefactor as from all other Persons willing to sell or alien, any Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels necessary for the Purpose aforesaid: Provided always, that if any such Grant or Bequest shall exceed the Amount herein-before mentioned the same shall be void as to the Excess only, and shall be valid and effectual as to the Residue.

XXV. That it shall be lawful for any Archbishop, Bishop, A» to Endow-Archdeacon, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Dignitary, or Prebend- ment nrv, with such Consents as are herein-after mentioned, and for to be exchanged any Person or Persons being a Tenant in Fee Simple or Fee for suitable Tail or Fee Farm in possession, and for any Body Politic or °lebe* Corporate having Lands or Tenements in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, and having legal Capacity to dispose of the same without any Licence of Alienation or in Mortmain, and without any Deed disentailing or destroying any such Estate Tail, to grant any such Lands or Tenements not exceeding Ten Acres for Glebe to any Church, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, at whatever Distance the same may be therefrom, to the Intent that such Lands may be afterwards exchanged for other Lands lying near the Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, and more convenient for the Residence of the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate thereof:

Provided always, that any such Grant by any Archbishop or Bishop shall be with the Consent of his Dean and Chapter

590

A* to Endowment in trust for Chapelry or Curacj to *old unless ereeted within reasonable Time *

Power o issue Commission for inquiring into Dilapidations.

Cstp. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT«

respectively, or, where there is no Dean and Chapter, with the Consent of the Archdeacon and Six beneficed Clergymen of the Diocese; and any Grant by any Archdeacon, Dean, or Dean and Chapter, Dignitary, or Prebendary, shall be with the Consent of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese* such Consent to be signified in all Cases by a Certificate in Writing, attested by the Hand and Seal of such Ecclesiastical Person or the Corporate Seal of such Corporate Body.

XXVI. That every such Grant, Devise, or Bequest of any Lands or Tenements, Hereditaments, or Money, as and for or in trust for the Endowment of any Parochial Chapelry or Perpetual Curacy not then already erected and constituted by lawful Au-r thority, shall, from and after the Expiration of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed or the Death of such Testator, at the Election of the Grantor or Donor, or his Representative, be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, unless such Parochial Chapelry or Perpetual Curacy shall have been in the meanwhile erected and constituted by lawful Authority; and every such Lands and Tenements granted to the Intent that same might be exchanged shall be absolutely null and void, unless an Exchange for other Lands lying nearer and more convenient be made and perfected within the Space of Two Years from the making of such Grant; and such Ijands, Tenements, or Benefactions shall from thenceforth revert to and to the Use of the said Benefaetocv his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, by Certificate under his Hand and Seal, to be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese, a Counterpart thereof to be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for good and sufficient Reason appearing to the said Bishop, and stated in the said Certificate, to enlarge or vary the Time herein-before allowed, and such Allowance of the said Bishop shall be valid and effectual, unless the same shall be disallowed by the said Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland.

And with respect to Dilapidations suffered or committed in or upon Ecclesiastical Residences, be it enacted as follows:

XXVII. That in case the Mansion House, Buildings, Offices^ Gardens, Orchards, Fences, or other Improvements belonging to any See, Benefice, or Preferment shall have been suffered to fall into Decay for Want of proper annual and necessary Repairs^ whether before or after the passing of this Act, and whether by the Neglect of the Ecclesiastical Person for the Time being holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment, or any of his Predecessors, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons hereby empowered to entertain Memorials for building, upon Complaint of such Dilapidations by the Successor of any Ecclesiastical Person having died or otherwise avoided such See, Benefice, or Preferment, or, in default of such Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Nomination* Induction, Installation* or Enthronement of such Successor, on the Application of the Ecclesiastical Person so vacating as aforesaid* or his Represent a-

t, ves '

1851. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73#

thres, or, in the Case of Dilapidations suffered by any Ecclesiastical Person then holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment, upon the Report in Writing of the Rural Dean, or good and

sufficient Reasons appearing to such Person or Persons empowered as aforesaid, to issue a Commission to Three or more Persons, One of whom shall be a competent Architect, to be sworn to view and examine the said House of Residence, Buildings, or Improvements, and the said Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands, and well and truly to report on the Matters referred to them by such Commission, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as in the Case of Commissioners of Valuation of new Buildings herein-before mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and lawful Authority to enter upon and examine the said Buildings or Improvements and the said Lands, and, with the Assistance of a Builder or Tradesman to be nominated by the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission, and of One other Builder or Tradesman to be nominated by the Ecclesiastical Person sought to be charged, or his Representatives, if he or they shaffso think fit, who shall have full Power to enter and make a Survey and Examination of the said House or Offices at or previous to said Inquiry, to inquire and report the Nature and Extent of such Dilapidations or Waste, and the Sum of Money which they shall judge to be necessary for the effectual repairing of all such Defects as shall so have happened by means of such Dilapidations as aforesaid, and to restore the same to such staunch and habitable Order and Condition as that the same may be fit and proper for the Residence of the said Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, and the Nature of such Repairs, and the Manner in which same should be executed, and whether immediately or at some future Time, and the probable Cost and Expense of effecting the said Repairs or Improvements, and the Amount which the Ecclesiastical Person holding or vacating such See, Benefice, or Preferment should contribute to any such prospective Repairs or Improvements: Provided always, that in case of Dilapidations arising from the Want of any permanent and substantial Repairs and Improvements, and occasioned by inevitable Accident, and without wilful Default, and which might be effected by way of Memorial and Charge, or by Money raised on Mortgage repayable in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to make a special Report in respect thereof, with a view to the Exemption of same from any such Estimate of Dilapidation chargeable against any such Ecclesiastical Person, and the Execution of the said Repairs by Money raised by way of Charge or Mortgage, and in such Case to inquire and report whether or not due and reasonable Diligence has been exercised in effecting of the said Repairs in a timely and seasonable Manner, by Memorial or otherwise, and also, in Cases of Dilapidations committed or suffered previous to the Incumbency of the Ecclesiastical Person sought to be charged, to inquire and report whether such Ecclesiastical Person used 4: all

521

m

Cap. ?& Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland, \ 14 & 15 Yi&Ti

all reasonable Diligence to obtain and enforce a Certificate at Charge in respect thereof against his Predecessor or his Repftk sentatives, and failed to do so from good and sufficient Cause*; and upon the Return of such Commission, and Report made thereunder, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons eat* powered to entertain Memorials in that Behalf to hear and determine all Objections that may be had or taken in Writing within the Space of Three Months after the Date thereof to the Matter of the said Report or any Part thereof, and *to confirm, alter, or amend the same, if he or they shall so think fit, and to moderate and reduce such Charges in respect of Dilapidations) and to determine what Portion of such Repairs shall be done and executed at the Charge and Expense of such Eeclsshs tical Person or his personal Representative, and whtft- Pfefi thereof shall be done and executed by Money raised by-Ways! Charge or by Money raised on Mortgage in manner afoMmj^ and to fix a Time for the Execution of the Repairs of Dilapidations respectively, and to declare by whom and wtaMftl Costs of said Commission shall be paid; and thereupon thearid Repairs and Improvements so directed to be done and executed by way of Memorial and Charge, or by Money raised on Mortgage, shall be done and executed accordingly in manner aforesaid, and said Costs shall be paid as declared; and the Ecclesiastic! Person holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment on which sue! Dilapidations shall have been incurred or suffered shall, within the Time specified by such Persons as aforesaid, effectually repeat all such Dilapidations and Defects as have so happened^ltod execute all such Repairs and Work upon the said Resident* Nl by the said Ordinary shall be declared to be chargeable again# him, and pay such Costs as may be adjudged against him; and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so empowered as aforesaid (having previously admonished such Ecclesiastical Person in that Behalf) to sequester the Profits and Emoluments of such See, Benefice, or Preferment, or a competent Portion thereof, after due Provision made for the Person or Persons who shall discharge the actual Cure of Souls in said See, Benefice, or Preferment, until a Sum shall be reoeWed sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Repairs, and the Costs of the said Commission and Monition; and the Money so to be raised, after defraying such Expenses, shall be applied and expended, under the Management of a Person nominated by such Person so authorized as aforesaid, on the Repairs mentioned in the said Report, and approved of as aforesaid, in like Manner as is herein-before provided in the Case of building of Ecclesiastical Residences upon default of an Ecclesiastical Person required to build as aforesaid; and upon the Report of suck Commissioners that the said Dilapidations have been thoroughly repaired, and upon such Report being confirmed and approved by a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Person so authorized as aforesaid, and which Report and Certificate shall be thereupon entered at large in the Registry of the Diocese,

1851* ' EcchtiaMticul Residence* (Ireland), Cap. 7& '

tech Ecclesiastical Person and hid Representatives shall be; thenceforth for ever discharged firom all further Claim or Demand in respect of Dilapidations incurred at or previous to the Date of such Report 16 the Period to be therein stated by the said Commissioners when said Dilapidation has been thoroughly* repaired*-'' - '

XXVIII. That upon the Confirmation of any such Report UpooConSnn*-m respect of Dilapidations suffered by any Predecessor, the Person or Persons confirming the same shall grant a Certificate tfonsmCer^* of the Amount, ascertained in manner aforesaid as chargeable cate of Allow, against such Predecessor or his Representatives; and it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Person obtaining such Certificate ^totbeemo. to deduct the Amount thereof firom any Building Charge to which; the said Predecessor pr his Representatives may be entitled, and, $t his Election, to be notified by any Writing under his Hand and Seal to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, to make; such Deduction immediately after his Induction or Installation or Enthronement, and before he shall have become a Successor chargeable as aforesaid with the entire Amount of said Cfcaige, and such Money shall thereupon be expended and laid Oufcinthe effecting of the necessary Repairs, and such Charge Shall thereupon, as against such Successor emending the same, be subject to Set-off to the Extent of such Deduction accordingly 5 and in case there shall be no such Charge existing, or in case the Amount of such existing Charge shall be less than the 8um-allowed in respect of such Dilapidations, it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Person or his Representative to institute his Suit in the Ecclesiastical Conrt of the Diocese in which such Predecessor shall then be an Incumbent against such Predecessor, or, in case of an Archbishop or Bishop, to apply to the Person or Persons authorized to entertain Memorials in that Behalf for a Sequestration of any See, Benefice, or Preferment of which the said Ecclesiastical Person may then happen to be in possession, and which Sequestration of One Half of the annual Profits of such See, Benefice, or Preferment, or such other lesser Proportion thereof as shall be sufficient for the Purpose, said Person or Persons empowered as aforesaid shall, on the Production of such Report and Certificate of Allowance in respect of Dilapidations, and at the Expiration of One Year after such Ecclesiastical Person shall have been so in possession of the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, be at liberty to issue, and to direct the Sums so levied to be paid over to the said Ecclesiastical Person or his personal Representatives, in satisfaction of such Claim for Dilapidations, together with the Costs of such Proceeding, or in case of a prior Sequestration of the said Profits being in force, it shall be lawful for such Person as aforesaid to order the Sequestrator to pay such Ecclesiastical Person, or his Representatives, such Proportion of the said Profits as aforesaid; and it shall be also competent to any such Ecclesiastical Person, or his personal Representatives, having obtained such Certificate of Allowance in respect of Dilapidations against any

024

Atto Expenditure of Money recovered in respect of Dilapidations, Ac.

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT,

such Predecessor or his personal Representatives, at his or their Election, to recover the Amount thereof by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Ireland; and in every such Action or Proceeding such Report of the said Commissioners, confirmed or altered as aforesaid, and such Certificate of Allowance made thereupon, or examined and certified Copies thereof, shall be received as Evidence of the Existence, Nature, and Amount of such Dilapidations for or against either of such Ecclesiastical Persons or their Representatives.

XXIX. That the Amount so recovered or deducted in respect of any Dilapidations or Waste by any such Successor shall be by him laid out and expended in the Repair of such House, Buildings, or Improvements, or the Restoration and Improvement of the said Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands, in conformity with the Report of the said Commissioners; and such Successor, or his Representative, shall, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate of Allowance of Dilapidation, produce to the Person or Persons empowered to grant the same proper Vouchers or other Evidence to his or their Satisfaction to show that the said Sum ha, s been justly and properly expended thereon, or shall establish to his or their Satisfaction that all reasonable Diligence has been exercised to enforce the Recovery thereof; and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons empowered to grant such Certificate to sequester the entire of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Benefice or Preferment of the said Ecclesiastical Person until, after the Payment of all necessary Charges and Outgoings, including a Provision for such as shall have Cure of Souls in the said Benefice or Preferment, a Sum shall be received sufficient to effect such Repairs, and to restore and improve the said Lands; and the Money so to be raised shall be applied and expended under the Management of a Person or Persons to be nominated by the Person or Persons issuing such Sequestration, or empowered thereto, upon the Repairs and Improvements mentioned in the said Report, and approved of by the said Person or Persons, in like Manner as is herein-before mentioned in the Case of Buildings of Ecclesiastical Residences upon default of an Ecclesiastical Person required so to do, or shall be appliedin part Payment under any Estimates in respect of the said Repairs given to the Ordinary m manner aforesaid, or in part Payment of the Principal Money of any Mortgage of the Issues and Profits of the said Benefice granted in manner aforesaid; and in cose it shall happen that the Ecclesiastical Person recovering or being allowed said Sum in respect of Dilapidations suffered by his Predecessor shall die before the 6ame shall have been expended on such Repairs or Improvements, in such Case the immediate Successor of the said Ecclesiastical Person shall in like Manner have, receive, and recover from the Representative of such Ecclesiastical Person the Amount so recovered or allowed, but not expended on said Repairs or Improvements,

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland).

Cap. 13.

m

bt Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts oi Record in Ireland, or deduct the same from any Sum payable to him on account of any Charge as aforesaid, and shall expend and lay out the same in manner aforesaid, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case it shall appear that all due and reasonable Diligence has been exercised to enforce the Payment of the Amount of such Certificate without Effect, and that the Estate of the Predecessor chargeable as aforesaid is insolvent, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons empowered to grant Certi-fic^es as aforesaid, by a Memorandum in Writing endorsed on or annexed to said Report, to permit and approve of such l&pmrri being done by Memorial and Charge, or by Money raised on. Mortgage, such Memorandum setting forth the Grounds of such Allowance.

And whereas it is expedient to enable Ecclesiastical Persons i to call for Inspection of their Residences, and to exonerate r themselves from Charge as to Dilapidations by Execution of '* such Repairs as may be reported necessary Be it enacted as follows:

XXX. That it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons Power to istue f hereby empowered to entertain Memorials for building Ecclesi- Comm5*i<m astical Residences, upon the Application in Writing of any One or more Ecclesiastical Person or Persons holding any See, Bene- Houses, &c. of j lice, or Preferment, to issue a Commission, to be directed to Ecclwiastical ' Three or more fit and proper Persons, and One of whom shall enoaM% j be a competent Architect, to inspect and examine all and every of the several Houses, Buildings, and Improvements, Lands and Premises, of such Ecclesiastical Person or Persons in the said

tmission mentioned, in pursuance of such Requisition or Re-tions, which said Commissioners shall be sworn to inquire report the Matters referred by the said Commission, in the like Manner, and shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and the like Assistance of One or more Builders or Workmen, to ' be nominated by the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission, as Commissioners of Valuation of Buildings erected in pursuance of a Memorial as aforesaid, and shall inquire and report "whether each and every of the said Buildings and Improvements,

Lands and Tenements, is and are in good and sufficient Repair; it the Time of such Inspection, and the Nature and Extent of the Dilapidations arising from Want of proper annual and ^ecessary Repairs, or from the Neglect of timely Execution of

tianent and substantial Repairs, or from wilful Default, and Nature of the Repairs necessary to make good such Dilapidations, and whether the said Residences respectively stand in 1 ftfeed of any and what permanent and substantial Repairs or Improvements, and the Sum of Money which they shall judge to be necessary to be expended upon the Repairs of such Dilapidations, and the effecting of such permanent Repairs and Improvements, and the Manner in which, and the Time or Times Vat and within which, such Repairs or Improvements respectively shall

636 jCap- 78* EccUtiatficql Residence a (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vice.

shall be made, distinguishing such as may be required immediately from such as may be required at a future Period; and upon the Return of the said Commission and Report it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons empowered to entertain Memorials as aforesaid to hear and determine such Objections as may be had and taken in Writing within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof to the said Report or any Part thereof, and to confirm, alter, or amend the same as he or they shall think fit, and to fix a Time for the Repairs of such Dilapidations, and also, having regard to the Time and Manner in which such Dilapidations shall have accrued, and whether due Diligence shall have been exercised for the Purpose of obtaining or enforcing against any Predecessor or his Representatives the Amount of any Charge for Dilapidations, to determine whether such permanent Repairs and Improvements shall be executed by the Ecclesiastical Person holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment at his own proper Cost and Charge, or by way of Memorial and Charge, or by Money raised on Mortgage in manner aforesaid, and thereupon the said Report so amended or confirmed shall be entered at large in the Registry of the Diocese; and the Ecclesiastical Person holding such See, Benefice, or Preferment, and applying for such Inspection, shall, within the Time specified by such Person as aforesaid, effectually repair all such Dilapidations, and such Defects as may have happened by reason thereof as aforesaid, and execute all such Repairs and Works as by the said Report shall be required; and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so empowered as aforesaid (having previously admonished him as aforesaid) to sequester such Portion of the Rents and Profits of such See, Benefice, or Preferment, and apply the Proceeds of the same, in like Manner as hereinbefore mentioned on a Commission issued on Complaint made On Report of Gf Dilapidations as aforesaid; and upon the Report of such Commissioners, approved and entered at large in the Registry tions have been of the Diocese as aforesaid, that such Dilapidations as shall have repaired, Ecde- been bo declared chargeable against such Ecclesiastical Person d2eh^2ufrom ^ave ^een thoroughly repaired, such Ecclesiastical Person and ftirtherClaim, his Representative^ shall be thenceforth for ever discharged from *« all further Claim or Demand in respect of Dilapidations incurred

at or previous to the Date of such Inspection, to the Period to be therein stated by the said Commissioners when the said Dilapidations shall have been thoroughly repaired; and upon the Execution of any such permanent Repairs or Improvements as aforesaid being duly reported, the said Ecclesiastical Person or his Representatives shall be entitled to a Certificate of Charge of the like Nature and Effect as if executed pursuant to a Memorial presented and approved of as aforesaid: Provided always, that in respect of any Glebe House belonging to any such Parochial Church, Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, if he shall so think fit, with the Consent of the Incumbent, to authorize and require the Rural Dean, with the Assistance of the Diocesan Architect or his

sufficient

KfiL Ecclciicutioal Btskkncts (Ireland)* Cip.7^ £2iff

sufficient Deputy, to bd approved by aaid Bishop in Writing, from Time to Time to make an Inspection of such Glebe Houses,

Buildings, and Improvements, Lands and Tenements, being within the District of such Rural Dean, and to report on the Condition of the same, in like Manner and with the Authorities of the said Commissioners in case of Inspection herein-before mentioned; and such Report may be objected to, altered and confirmed, registered and enforced, in like Manner and shall have the like Effect as the Report of such Commissioners as aforesaid; and upon a Certificate of the said Rural Dean, and Architect or Deputy, as aforesaid, that such Repairs have been executed in pursuance thereof, the Incumbent or his Representatives shall be entitled to the like Exoneration or Certificate of Charge as aforesaid.

XXXI. That in all Cases in which, upon any Inspection, it A* to Coodenj-shall appear to the Commissioners, or Rural Dean and Architect, dcn^ and uiil making the same, that any such Ecclesiastical Residence, or any necessary Part or Offices thereof, is or are too ancient or decayed to be Office *, repaired, or is or are wholly or in part unnecessary or unsuitable for the Use and Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, having regard to the Income of such Ecclesiastical Person, the Situation and State of Repair of said Residence, or other Circumstances which the said Commissioners shall deem important in that Behalf, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to make a Report thereof to the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission, together with the Grounds and Circumstances upon which the said Report is founded, and the Manner in which, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, it would be most advisable to deal with such Residences or any Portion thereof so reported unworthy of Repair, or useless or unsuitable, and also to report whether or not any existing Charge in respect of any such Ecclesiastical Residence should be affected or reduced, and if so to what Extent, in case any such Buildings or Offices should be condemned; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission, upon the Return of any such Commission and Report, to hear and determine any Objections that may be had or taken to the said Report or any Part thereof, and to confirm, alter, or amend the same wholly or in part, as shall to him or them seem fit, and to condemn such House or Buildings or any Part thereof to be pulled down and destroyed, or otherwise sold, converted, and disposed of, as shall seem to him or them proper and expedient in that Behalf, and reduce any existing Charge affecting such Benefice in Amount in respect thereof, and to require and direct, if he or they shall so think fit, in the Manner herein-before provided, a new House of Residence or Building to be erected or purchased on the same or a different Site, and, in case the Sale of the Materials of which such former Residence or Portion thereof was composed shall be directed and had, to apply the Produce of such Sale in the

building

528

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland\ 14 & 15 VICT.

building or improving of such Ecclesiastical Residence in manner aforesaid, so far as such Produce will extend.

As to Sale of XXXII. That in case it shall happen that any such Eccle* unvuuabie Resi- Residence, or in case the Glebe or Mensal Land belonging to any See, Benefice, or Preferment having no Residence, is placed in an unhealthy or inconvenient Situation, or is otherwise unsuitable for the Residence of any such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, from the Income of such Ecclesiastical Person, or from its Situation or State of Repair or other Circumstances, and shall be so reported by the Commissioners aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons issuing the said Commission to direct and authorize the Sale of such Residence and the Appurtenances belonging thereto, and a Portion of the Glebe Land contiguous thereto, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the whole, to any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, either altogether or in Parcels, for such Sum or Sums of Money as to such Person or Persons issuing such Commission as aforesaid shall appear reasonable; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Person, and he is hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of such Person or Persons empowered to issue such Commission as aforesaid, to be signified by his or their Execution of the Deed of Conveyance hereby authorized to be made, absolutely to sell such House of Residence and Appurtenances, with such contiguous Land as aforesaid, or such Glebe Land, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, either altogether or in Parcels, and upon Payment of the Purchase Money thereof to such Person or Persons as the Person or Persons empowered to issue such Commission shall nominate, by Deed indented, to convey and assure such House of Residence, Land, and Appurtenances unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers, his or their Heirs or Assigns or Successors, or as he or they shall direct or appoint; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons so nominated shall be an effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers paying such Monies or such Parts thereof as in such Receipts shall be expressed, who shall be thereupon discharged from the said Monies, and shall not be accountable for the Loss or Misapplies* tion of the said Monies or any Part thereof; and the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales shall, after Payment of all Costs, Charges, or Expenses of such Sale, if it shall be sufficient thereto, be applied by the Person or Persons so nominated to receive the same in and towards the Erection or Purchase of some other suitable Residence or Land in the Manner hereinbefore provided in respect of building of Ecclesiastical Resir dences on the Default of the Ecclesiastical Person required to build the same; and the Residue of the Money, if any, shall be applied towards the Extinguishment of any existing Charge upon the said Benefice or Preferment, or shall be otherwise applied in permanent and useful Improvements on the said Ecclesiastical Residence or Glebe Lands, as the Person or Persons

1851. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73 *

sons empowered to issue such Commission shall approve; but if such Purchase Money shall prove insufficient for the Purchase or Erection of a Residence or Land as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person entitled to issue said Commission as aforesaid to require and enforce the Contribution of the Balance from the Ecclesiastical Person for the Time being holding, said See, Benefice, or Preferment, or to raise the Amount upon Mortgage in manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. That where any such Ecclesiastical Person shall have obtained a Certificate of Charge in respect of any Purchase, Building, or Improvement of any new House of Residence, such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors shall not be bound to keep the former Residence or Offices in repair, nor shall he or they be entitled to have, receive, or recover any Sum of Money from his or their Successors on account of the Purchase, Building, or Improvement of the former House of Residence the Site whereof shall have been changed.

XXXIV. That when any such Ecclesiastical Person shall have sold, exchanged, or disposed of any Ecclesiastical Residence in respect of which any such Charge shall have been then subsisting, the Person so purchasing or taking said Residence in Exchange shall hold same thenceforth freed and discharged from said Charge.

And whereas it is expedient that Decisions in respect of Building Charges, Dilapidations, and the Purchase and Sale of Ecclesiastical Residences, should be uniform, and subject to Correction in case of Error:* Be it therefore enacted as ^follows:

XXXV. That it shall be competent for any Ecclesiastical Person, or his personal Representative, who shall feel himself aggrieved by any Order to be pronounced by any Person hereinbefore authorized in that Behalf, requiring him to build or improve the House of Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person, or by any Refusal of Permission to build or improve the same, or by any Allowance or Disallowance of any Claim for building or improving any such House of Residence, or for or in respect of Dilapidations committed or suffered in respect thereof, or by any Order in respect of the Sale of any Ecclesiastical Residence, or touching any Charge in respect of the said Residence, within Twelve Calendar Months after the making the Order or Refusal complained of, to appeal in a summary Way from any such . Decision of a Bishop or his Vicar General to the Archbishop of the Province, or in his Absence to his Vicar General, and from the Decision of any Archbishop or his Vicar General to the Lend Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, mid Six or more of the Privy Council of Ireland, being Members of the Established Church, who shall respectively have full Power and Authority to make such Order as to him or them shall seem fit in the Premises, and with respect to the Costs of the Appeal, and to grant, confirm, alter, or amend any Certi-iicate made or refused in respect thereof; and such Order and

529

Certificate in respect of new Residence to discharge all Liability and Charges in respect of former Residence.

Charge to be

extinct on Sale or Exchange of Residence.

Appeal from Decisions as to Buildings and Dilapidations.

#30 Cop, 73^ Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 Victf

Certificate so made, granted, confirmed, altered, or amended shall be of the like Force and Effect as if it had been made by the Person from whose Decision such Appeal shall have been had, and shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese in like Manner.

And with respect to the Purchase of Residences, and Demesne, Mensal, and Glebe Lands, by Ecclesiastical Persons, pursuant to Memorial and Charges in respect thereof, and the Exchange

of inconvenient Residences, be it enacted as follows:

EeddeneeHT XXXVI. That it shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Per *

son having no House of Residence belonging to his See, Benefice, or Preferment, or a House of Residence unsuitable or inconveniently situate, by and with the Consent of the Penon or Persons hereby empowered to entertain Memorials in that Behalf, to be certified under his or their Hands and Seals, upon a Memorial to be presented in like Manner and Form (safer as the Circumstances of the Case may admit) as in the Case of building of Residences as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds to be registered and enrolled in the Manner herein-«fter mentioned, to purchase to him and his Successors for ever any House of Residence already built within or convenient to his See, Benefice, or Preferment, with suitable Lands and Conveniences thereto belonging, or any Lands or Tenements fit for suck 'Buildings and Conveniences for the Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors, such Lands to be from thenceforth Part of the Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors for ever; and the Purchase Money for the same, and the Charges and Expenses

of building or improving the said Residence (not exceeding in the whole Two Years net Income of such See, Benefice, or rrs-

, j ., ferment), shall be ascertained and certified in like Manner as

herein-before provided in respect of Buildings erected pursuant to Memorial, and such Certificate shall be of the like Force and Effect, and the Amount therein mentioned shall be paid and recovered in like Manner: Provided always* that no such Certificate shall be given in respect of the Purchase of any House, Building, Office, or Lands, unless the same shall be purchased by such Ecclesiastical Person in Fee Simple or in Fee Farm, subject to such Rent as shall be mentioned in the said Memorial, and approved of as aforesaid.

A* to Purchase XXXVII. That it shall be lawful for any Archbishop or Menwi^d Bishop having not more than One hundred Acres of Demesne Glebe Lands. Lands annexed to his See, and for any Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent of any Benefice, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, not having more than Five Acres of Glebe belonging to his Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, by and with the Consent ' of the Person or Persons by this Act empowered to entertain

Memorials as aforesaid, to be testified under his Hand and Seal at the Foot of a Memorial to be presented and approved of as in the Case of building of Ecclesiastical Residences, or by his being Party to the Deed or Instrument of Purchase, by any Deed

or

1851. IScclesiastteal Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73.

or Instrument in Writing, to be registered and enrolled in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to purchase to him and his Successors for ever any Lands within the Limits of his See, Benefice, or Preferment, or immediately adjacent and convenient thereto, not exceeding in Quantity, in the Case of an Archbishop or Bishop, the Number of Two hundred Acres, and in the Case of a Rector, Incumbent, or Curate, Twenty Acres, upon which Purchase there may be reserved out of said Lands any yearly Rent not exceeding One Half of the improved Value of said Lands at the Time of the Purchase thereof, which said Rent so reserved shall be a Charge on the said Lands so purchased in the Hands of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors for ever; and such Lands so purchased shall be and continue the Demesne or Glebe Lands of such See, Benefice, or Curacy, to all Intents and Purposes; and every such Ecclesiastical Person who shall have purchased said Lands, or his personal Representative, shall be entitled to demand and have a Certificate of Charge on such See, Benefice, or Curacy, (not exceeding Two Years net Income thereof,) for the Amount of the Purchase Money thereof, of the like Nature, Force, and Effect as a Charge for building or improving of Ecclesiastical Residences pursuant to Memorial.

XXXVIII. That it shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Person having a House of Residence, Office, or Demesne, Men-sal, or Glebe Lands, belonging to his See, Dignity, Benefice, or other Preferment, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, inconveniently situate for the Discharge of the Duties of such Ecclesiastical Person, or situate in an unhealthy Situation, by and with the Consent of the Person or Persons hereby empowered to entertain Memorials as aforesaid, to be testified under his Hand and Seal at the Foot of a Memorial to be presented and approved of as in the Case of building of Ecclesiastical Residences, or by his being a Party to the Deed or Instru-, ment of Exchange, (and in the Case of a Benefice, Perpetual Curacy, or Chapelry, by and with the further Consent of the Patron thereof to be signified and expressed by signing and sealing the Deed of Exchange,) by any Deed, to be registered and enrolled in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to exchange the whole or any Part of the Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands of such See, Dignity, Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, or any Residence, Offices, Easements, or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and situate in an inconvenient or unhealthy Situation, with any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Rector, or other Person, Body Politic or Corporate, whether aggregate or sole, ecclesiastical or lay, for Lands or any Residence, Offices, Easements, or Appurtenances of greater or equal Value, Worth, and Purchase, and being held in Fee Simple, and lying convenient to the Cathedral Church or Chapel of such Ecclesiastical Person, and situate in a suitable and healthful Situation: Provided always, that where the Patronage of any such Benefice shall happen to be in Her Majesty or Her

531

Exchange of inconvenient Residences and Lands.

532

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Memorial for Purchase or Exchange to set forth certain Particulars of Houses, Ac,

Enabling Sale and Exchange of suitable House and Land for Glebe.

Successors, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to give the said Consent in manner aforesaid; and where the Patronage shall happen to be in a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, such Consent may be given by the Guardian, Committee, or Husband of such Patron executing the said Deed in manner aforesaid, and in the Name of such Patron, and thereupon such Patron shall be bound thereby in such Manner as if he or she, being of full Age, or sound Mind, or sole, had executed same.

XXXIX. That every such Memorial presented by any Ecclesiastical Person intending to make any Purchase or Exchange of any such Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Lands, or such Residences, Offices, or Appurtenances as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall, in addition to such other Particulars as may be pertinent and necessary thereto, set forth the Particulars, Extent, and Situation of such House, Offices, Lands, or Appurtenances respectively to be given and taken in Exchange or Purchase, accompanied by a Map or Survey and Valuation made by some competent Surveyor, and verified by a Declaration to be made by such Surveyor before any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the said House or Lands or either of them are situate, (which Declaration he is hereby authorized to administer,) of the House, Offices, or Lands, or Appurtenances, proposed to be purchased or given and taken in Exchange, setting forth separately the Value of all the Timber or other Trees growing thereon, if any, and also of all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and all other Rights, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, belonging to the said House, Offices, Lands, and Premises respectively.

XL. That it shall be lawful for any Owner of any House, Offices, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements suitable and convenient for the Residence, Offices, or Glebe of any such Rector or other Incumbent of any Parish, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, whether such Owner be a Corporation, sole or aggregate, or Tenant in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for Life or Lives, and for the Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees for charitable and other Uses, and for any married Woman seised in her own Right, and for the Guardians and Committee of Lunatics and Idiots, and for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland having Houses or Lands belonging to any suppressed See or Dignity, to exchange or sell, convey or release, the said House, Offices, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements to or with any such Rector or Incumbent authorized to make such Exchange or Purchase, and having such Consents as aforesaid, and his Successors, and to enter into all necessary Agreements for that Purpose for such other Houses, Offices, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements belonging to such Rector or Incumbent as shall be ascertained to be of equal Value and Purchase at the Time, or for such Sum of Money as shall be ascertained to be the true and just Value of the same at the said Time, by a Valuation to be made in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

not

533

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73»

not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Successors, but also for and on behalf of every Person entitled in reversion, remainder, or expectancy after them, or in defeazance of the Estate of such Parties, and as to such married Women, whether they be of full Age or not, as if they were sole and of full Age, and as to such Guardians on behalf of their Wards, and as to such Committees on behalf of the Lunatics or Idiots of whom they are the Committees respectively, and that to the same Extent as such Wives, Wards, Lunatics, and Idiots respectively could have exercised the same Powers under the Authority of this Act if they had respectively been under no Disability, and as to such Trustees on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Femes Covert, or other Persons, and that to the same Extent as such Cestuique Trusts respectively could have exercised the same Powers under this Act if they respectively had been under no Disability: Provided always, that no Lands or Tenements exceeding the Quantity of Five Acres shall be granted or conveyed (except by way of Exchange) under the foregoing Provision, and that the Value and Purchase Money of any House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements purchased from or given and taken in Exchange from any Party under Disability or Incapacity, and not having Power to sell or exchange except under the Provisions of this Act, shall, except in the Case of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland aforesaid, be ascertained and determined by the Valuation of a Jury in the Manner herein-after provided, and that the Value shall in all other Cases, unless the said Parties or the said Ordinary shall otherwise require it, be ascertained by Consent between the said Owner and such Ecclesiastical Person with such Consents as aforesaid: Provided also, that no Dwelling House or Part of the Lands usually reputed os Demesne Lands to the Dwelling House belonging to any such Tenant for Life or Tenant in Tail shall be purchased or taken in Exchange under the foregoing Provision.

XLI. That it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of the Diocese, upon Receipt of any such Memorial in respect of the Exchange or Purchase of any such House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements, by any such Rector, Vicar, or other Incumbent as aforesaid, at his own Instance, and he is hereby required, upon the Demand in Writing of any Party concerned and interested in any such intended Purchase or Exchange, to issue his Precept in Writing to the Sheriff or Coroner of the County where the said House, Offices, or Lands to be purchased or accepted in Exchange by such Rector, Incumbent, or Curate shall be situate, requiring him to summon a Jury to ascertain the Value of the said House, Offices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments proposed to be

S'ven and taken in Exchange or purchased; and upon the eceipt of such Precept the said Sheriff or Coroner shall summon a Jury of Twenty-four indifferent Persons, duly qualified to act as Common Jurymen in the Superior Courts of Record,

LI3 n ito

Power to issue Precept to Sheriff or Coroner to summon a Jurj.

534.

House and Lands purchased and taken in Ex-

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

to meet at a convenient Time and Place to be appointed by him for that Purpose, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty Days after the Receipt of such

Precept, and such Place not being more than Eight Miles distant from the said House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements in question, unless by the Consent of the Parties interested, or unless such Distance shall happen to be unavoidable; and such Sheriff or Coroner shall forthwith give Notice to the Parties interested in and demanding such Inquiry; and out of the Jurors appearing upon such Summons a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by the Sheriff or Coroner in the usual Way, and if a sufficient Number of indifferent Jurymen summoned as aforesaid do not appear, the Sheriff or Coroner shall return other and indifferent and qualified Persons of the By-standers, and others that may be speedily procured, to make up a Jury, with like Challenge to the Polls of such Jurymen as in ordinary Cases is by Law permitted; and such Jury, being impannelled and sworn, shall inquire of the true Value of the respective Houses, Offices, Lands, or Tenements proposed to be exchanged or purchased, and the Quantity of the said Lands, and of the best and most improved Rent and full yearly Value, and Quantity of Land so proposed to be granted subject to a Kent, by the Oaths of such skilful and credible Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, which Oaths the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby authorized to administer; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby required to return the Value, together with the Mears and Bounds of the said House, Offices, or Lands so proposed to be purchased and given and taken in Exchange, for which Inquisition and Return the Sheriff shall be entitled to the Fee of Ten Shillings, and no greater Sum, to be paid by the Party requiring the same, or in other Cases by the Rector or Incumbent proposing to make such Purchase or Exchange; and such Inquisition and Return shall be filed and recorded in the Rolls Office for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland for the Fee of Six Shillings and Eightpence, and no more, to be paid as last aforesaid; and the said Inquisition, Return, and Deed of Purchase or Exchange shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon the Party so making such Sale or Exchange, and all others claiming any Estate, Title, or Interest in the said House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements, or any Part thereof, in reversion, remainder, or expectancy by, from, or under him, or under any Settlement or Entail thereof, and shall entitle the said Ecclesiastical Person making such Purchase (with the Consent of the Ordinary as aforesaid) to a Certificate of Charge in respect of the Purchase Money thereof, not exceeding Two Years Income of the said Benefice or Curacy, of the like Nature and Effect as Charges in respect of Buildings of Ecclesiastical Residences.

XLII. That every such House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements purchased or accepted in Exchange as aforesaid by any Rector or Incumbent, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall, from and

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73.' 535

after such Grant or Conveyance as aforesaid, to all Intents and change to be Purposes be deemed and taken to be the House of Residence/ Glebe* Offices, Glebe, or Appurtenances of the Benefice, Parochial *

Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy of such Ecclesiastical Person making such Purchase or Exchange* and his Successors for ever, without any Licence in Mortmain; and that in case of any Exchange made in pursuance of this Act, no such Ecclesiastical Person or his Successors shall be at any Time there* after evicted or ejected from the peaceable and quiet Possession and Enjoyment of the said House, Offices, Lands, or Premises, or any of them, which have been so granted or conveyed to such Ecclesiastical Person by way of Exchange, by reason of any.

Person or Corporation claiming Right or Title thereto prior to or in defeazance of or in derogation of the Right or Title of the:Person, Body Politic or Corporate, granting or conveying the same in Exchange: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt any such Ecclesiastical Person or his Successors from the Observance and Performance of any Cove- '

Hants, Agreements, or Conditions in such Grant contained:

Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any [Person, Body Politic or Corporate, claiming such Right or Title, and he is, hereby authorized, to have and exercise the same Powers and Remedies in trying his Right to and in obtaining Possession of any House, Offices, Lands, or Premises granted in Exchange by any such Ecclesiastical Person, as the said Person, or Body Politic or Corporate, would have been entitled in case this Act had not passed to have or exercise in trying the Right and obtaining the Possession of the House, Offices, Lands, or Premises in Exchange for which th? same shall have been granted and conveyed by any such Ecclesiastical Person under the Authority of this Act.

XLIII. That every such Ecclesiastical Residence, Office, former Eccle-or Gleb© Lands so given, granted, and conveyed in Exchange oi^Ubc1^* by any such Ecclesiastical Person, with such Consents and in to be subject to manner as aforesaid, shall, from and after such Grant and Con- like Uses as veyance thereof, be and become vested in and settled upon the Exchange11 m same Person or Persons, and to and for and subject to the same Estates, Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, and subject to the same Powers, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said House, Lands, or Tenements so to be granted and conveyed in Exchange were vested in, settled upon, and subject to before such Exchange thereof, and would have been vested in, settled upon, and subject to in case such Exchange had not been made; and that such House or Lands so granted by such Ecclesiastical Person in Exchange shall likewise be subject to the like Pay-, qmnts (if any) in respect of Tithe Rentcharge or other Eccle-v statical Charge as the House or Lands accepted in Exchange, by such Ecclesiastical Person were theretofore or might thereafter have been liable to.

XLIV. That in every Case in which, under the Authority Application of of this Act, any Sale or Conveyance shall be made of any J^*1*1 *

L 1 4 House, OMJ *

536

Cap. 73, Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

House, Offices, Lands, or Tenements which shall belong to any Corporation, Tenant for Life or in Tail, married Woman seised in her own Right or entitled to Dower, Guardian o^Committee of any Lunatic or Idiot, Trustee, Executor, or Administrator, or other Person having a partial or qualified Interest only in such House, Office, Lands, or Tenements, and not entitled to sell or, convey the same except under the Provisions of this Act, except in the Case of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland aforesaid, the Purchase Money thereof shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed there to the Account of such Accountant General ex parte the Ecclesiastical Person making such Purchase, and in the Matter of this Act, pursuant to the Method by any Act for the Time being for regulating Money paid into the said Court; and such Monies shall remain so deposited until the same shall be applied to some One or more of the following Purposes; that is to say, first, in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments settled therewith to the like Uses or Trusts, or in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be conveyed, limited, and settled to the like Uses and Trusts, and in the same Manner as the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments stood settled to, or such of them as shall be then existing and unsatisfied; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall have been made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in some one of the Public Funds of the Kingdom, and the Dividends and annual Produce thereof shall from Time to Time be paid, by One Order or several Orders of said Court, to the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in case no Purchase and Conveyance thereof had been made under the Provisions of this Act.

And with respect to the taking of Lands at a Rent as Demesne, Mensal, or Glebe Land, be it enacted as follows: rfEroledMtiwl XkV. That it shall be lawful for any Archbishop or Bishop, as Glebe with t*ie Consent of his Dean and Chapter, or, where there is t Half Rent, no Dean and Chapter, with the Consent of the Archdeacon and Six beneficed Clergymen of the Diocese, and for any Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary, or Prebendary, with Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese and Archbishop of the Province, such Consents to be signified under Hand and Seal, or Seal, having any Lands belonging to him or them, and convenient for a Glebe for any Parish Church, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy not already endowed with Twenty Acres of Glebe Land, by any Deed under the Hand and Seal or Se&l of such Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation, to be registered and enrolled in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to grant any such Lands, not exceeding, together with the Glebe Land

already

537

Ecclesiastical Residents (Ireland)* Cap. 73.

already belonging to such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, Forty Acres in the whole, to the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, and his Successors for ever, at a Moiety of the then improved yearly Bent, or for any greater Sum; and such Lands so granted as aforesaid shall, from and after the Execution of said Grant, be deemed and taken to be the Glebe Land of said Church, Chapelry, or Curacy for ever; and such Rent shall be paid by such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, and his Successors for ever, by Two equal half-yearly Payments on the First Day of May and First Day of November respectively in each and every Year, and shall be a Charge on such Lands so granted as aforesaid.

XLVI. That in case there shall happen to be any Benefice, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy to which there be no sufficient Glebe Lands belonging whereon a House of Residence might be built, and there shall be in a contiguous Parish Glebe Land suitable and convenient for the Purpose, and which can be spared without Detriment to such contiguous Parish, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent of the said Parish having such superfluous Glebe Land, by and with the Consent of the Archbishop of the Province and the Bishop of the Diocese, certified under their Hands and Seals, and of the respective Patrons of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, and of the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of the said Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, certified as aforesaid, by Deed indented and to be registered and enrolled in manner herein-after mentioned, to grant any such Glebe or Part thereof to the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, and his Successors for ever; and upon such Grant may be reserved such yearly Rent as may be agreed upon, with such Consent as aforesaid, to be payable by such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, and his Successors, at such Times as may be by the said Indenture expressed and declared; and such Glebe Land so annexed as aforesaid shall thereupon for ever be deemed and taken to be Glebe Land of the said Parish, Chapelry, or Curacy to which the same shall be annexed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. That it shall be lawful for any Person under no legal Disability or Incapacity, and for any Lay Corporation or Body Politic, having in his or their own Right, or Right of their Corporate Body, any House, Lands, or Tenements in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in possession, or of an Estate for Life or Lives in possession, with immediate Remainder to his own Issue, by any Deed or Deeds, to be executed under his or their Hand and Seal, or Corporate Seal, such Deed to be registered and enrolled in manner herein-after mentioned, and without any Licence in Mortmain, and without barring any such Estate Tail, to grant or demise in Fee Farm any such House, Lands, or Tenements (not being a Portion of the Demesne Lands usually occupied with and appertaining to the Mansion House of any such Person being a Tenant for Life) as a Glebe House or

Enabling Grant of neighbouring Glebe.

Enabling Grant of Lay Lands for Glebe at a Rent.

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT *

Lands for the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of any Church* Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, not exceeding, together with the Glebe already belonging thereto. Ten Acres, to such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, and his Successors for ever, being a Body Politic or Corporate, and in all other Cases to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and his or their Heirs or Successors, in trust for such Incumbent and his Successors, and shall and may by such Deed reserve to such Person and his Heirs, or to such Corporate Body, and his or their Successors for ever, such yearly Bent out of the said Lands and Tenements so granted, and subject to such Bents, Covenants, and Agreements as shall be agreed upon between such Person or Body Corporate so granting the same and the Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of such Church, Chapelry, or Curacy, with the Consent of the Ordinary of the Diocese and the Archbishop of the Province in whion such Church, Cha-])elry, or Curacy is situate, to be signified by a Certificate in Writing under their Hands and Seals respectively, to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese, or by Endorsement of the said Deed of Grant.

XLVIII. That it shall be lawful for any Incumbent having unnecessary Glebe Lands subject to a Rent or Reservation, by and with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese and Archbishop of the Province, signified in Writing under Hand and Seal, and registered as aforesaid, or by Endorsement on the Deed or Instrument herein-after mentioned, and by the Consent of the Person for the Time being entitled to the Rent or Reversion of the said Lands, and competent to consent thereto, to surrender same or any Portion thereof, by a Deed or Instrument in Writing, to be registered in the Registry of the Diocese aforesaid, and thereupon such Lands so surrendered shall cease to be Glebe Lands from thenceforth for ever.

XLIX. That every Deed of Sale, Grant, or Exchange, or* Surrender of any House, Offices, Lands, Tenements, or Premises made or executed in pursuance of this Act, together with the Maps and Valuations of the Valuators (in case there shall be such), shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of such Deed or Instrument, be registered in the Registry of the Diocese to which the same shall relate, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, for which Registry the Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and for which Enrolment the Fee of Ten Shillings shall be paid, and no greater or other Sum.

With respect to the Remedies for Recovery of Rents reserved upon Glebe Lands, be it enacted as follows:

L. That in case any Rent reserved upon any Grant or Demise of Land as or for a Glebe shall be in arrear and unpaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Body Politic entitled thereto to recover the same from the Ecclesiastical Person so in arrear, or his Representatives, by Distress on the said Lands, or by Aotion of Debt or on the Case in any competent Court of

Record

1851. Ecclesiastical Residents (Ireland). Cap. 73.

Record in Ireland; and in case One Year's Rent of any such Lands shall be in arrear and unpaid for the Space of Twenty-one Days, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of the Diocese, upon the Request of the Person or Persons to whom such.

Rent is due, to summon the Ecclesiastical Person so in arrear before him, and if such Ecclesiastical Person shall not satisfy the said Ordinary that the said Rent has been paid, by Oath or .otherwise (which Oath the said Ordinary is hereby authorized to administer), the Ordinary of the Diocese shall forthwith sequester a competent Portion of the Profits of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy, until the said Arrear of Rent, and all Costs and Charges attending such Sequestration, to be ascertained by the said Ordinary, shall be fully discharged, and if such Arrear of Rent, or any Part thereof, or the said Costs and Charges attending such Sequestration, shall remain unpaid, notwithstanding such Sequestration, at the Death or Avoidance of such Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate, the same, not exceeding however One and a Half Year's Rent, shall be paid by the Successor of such Ecclesiastical Person, and if he shall neglect and refuse to pay the same or any Part thereof for the Space of One Calendar Month after his Admission into such Benefice,

Chapelry, or Curacy, the Ordinary of the Diocese shall upon Complaint thereof, and, if he shall deem it necessary, upon Proof thereof on Oath as aforesaid, grant a new Sequestration till the same be paid off; and such Successor, having paid such Arrear of Rent and Costs as aforesaid, shall and may recover the same from his Predecessor or his personal Representative by an Action of Debt or on the Case in any Court of Record of competent Jurisdiction in Ireland.

LI. That every Incumbent, Chaplain, or Curate of any Vouchers of Church, Parochial Chapelry, or Perpetual Curacy, having any Glebe House or Lands appertaining thereto subject to a Rent ments to be or Mortgage, shall, so often as he shall be thereunto required produced to by the Bishop of the Diocese, exhibit to the said Bishop, or to' Bishop* any Person by him deputed in Writing to demand the same, a sufficient Acquittance in full for all Rents and Instalments of Mortgage Money or Interest due in respect of the said Glebe House or Lands up to the last Gale Day or Day of Payment before such Demand, and prove, if required, the Perfection of such Acquittance by Oath or otherwise (which Oath the said Bishop and his Deputy appointed as aforesaid is hereby authorized to administer); and in case such Acquittance shall not be exhibited and proved, on such Demand as aforesaid, the said Bishop is hereby authorized and required to sequester the Profits of such Benefice, Chapelry, or Curacy until out of the Issue thereof the said Bishop shall be enabled to pay all Rent, Instalments, and Interest in arrear, together with the Costs of such Sequestration, which said Rent, Instalments, and Interest and Costs (he is hereby required to pay and satisfy.

LII. That a Copy of every Summons in Ejectment brought mrat £ be for Nonpayment of Rent reserved or payable out of any Glebe served on t, Lands BiriwP '

Insurance of Ecclesiastical Houses.

Archbishops,

540 Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Lands shall be served on the Bishop of the Diocese at such Time and in such Manner os it is necessary now to serve a Summons in Ejectment in ordinary Coses upon necessary Parties.

LIII. That every Ecclesiastical Person having any House of Residence shall annually, or from the Time that such House of Residence shall be completed, insure, at One of the Public Offices established in London, Westminster, or Dublin for Insurance of Houses and Buildings, the Houses and other Buildings of the said See, Benefice, or Preferment, against Accidents by Fire, at a Sum of Money equal to Three Fourths of the original Cost of such House of Residence; and upon Neglect to make such Insurance, or to produce the Receipt in respect of the same, when demanded by the Person or Persons hereby empowered to entertain Memorials in respect of such Residences, or his or their Deputy appointed in Writing, such Person or Persons shall have Power to sequester a competent Portion of the Profits of the See, Benefice, or Preferment of such Ecclesiastical Person until out of the Issues thereof the said Ordinary shall be enabled to effect such Insurance, together with the Costs of such Sequestration.

And with respect to the Appropriation of Bishops and Deanery Lands for Demesne, be it enacted as follows:

LIV. That it shall be lawful for any Archbishop, Bishop, pri^ZJn^for ean> Archdeacon, Dignitary, or Prebendary of any Cathedral Demesne. Church having no sufficient Demesne or Mensal Lands, or having Demesne or Mensal Lands situate attoo great a Distance from his or their Mansion House or Cathedral Church, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and of the Privy Council, Six at least of the said Privy Council agreeing thereto, out of any Portion of his or their respective Ecclesiastical Lands, being actually out of Lease, or whereof the Lease being unexpired shall be surrendered to or purchased by such Ecclesiastical Person, to set apart so much thereof as shall be necessary and convenient for Demesne or Mensal Lands to him and his Successors for ever, which Lands so set apart shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken for the Demesne or Mensal Lands of such Ecclesiastical Person and his Successors; and where the present Demesne or Mensal Lands or any Portion thereof are situate at an inconvenient Distance from the said Mansion House or Cathedral Church, it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Person, having, with such Consent as aforesaid, appropriated other Lands more convenient for him and his Successors, in lieu thereof, to demise such former Demesne or Mensal Lands, being of equal Value with the Lands set apart, for such Estate or Interest, and under and subject to such Rents, Reservations, Terms, and Conditions, as he or they might have demised the Lands so set apart as aforesaid.

And with respect to the Disappropriation of unnecessary Demesne Lands, be it enacted as follows:

LV. That

1851. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). Cap. 73.

LV. That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall, on the Application of any Archbishop, and the Archbishop of the Province shall, on the Application of any Bishop, grant a Commission to Five or more Persons, empowering them or any Three of them to view all the Demesne Lands of such Archbishop or Bishop, and to cause a Survey to be taken and a Map to be made thereof, and in such Map to distinguish and set apart such Part, not less than Two hundred and fifty Acres of the said Lands, as they shall judge fit and sufficient for a Demesne for an Archbishop or Bishop of that See, and the Nature and Quality thereof, and to certify the same under their Hands and Seals to the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Archbishop of the Province, in which Commission a Power shall, be given to any One or more Justices or Justice of the Peace of the County wherein any Part of the said Demesne Lands shall be situate to administer an Oath to such Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid, justly and faithfully to execute the said Commission according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, which Oath shall be so administered; and upon the Return of the said Commission, Certificate, and Map it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, or for the said Archbishop of the Province, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands and Seal or Seals, to set out and settle a proper Demesne for such Archbishop or Bishop not containing less than Two hundred and fifty Acres, and to cause a Map thereof to be made and affixed to such Writing, which Writing and Map shall be lodged in the Council Office, and a Duplicate thereof shall be lodged in the Registry of the Diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop; and the said Lands so set out as Demesne Lands shall always from thenceforth be deemed to be the Demesne Lands belonging to the said Archbishop or Bishop and his Successors for ever; and that from thenceforth it shall be lawful for the said Archbishop or Bishop and his Successors to demise the remaining Part of the said former Demesne Lands for such Term or Terms as is hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, all such Lands as do not lie within any Town Corporate or Market Town, or within Half a Mile thereof, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years in possession, and all the Residue of such Lands for such Term of Years as by the Laws for the Time being in force he is empowered to demise other Lands belonging to his said See.

LYI. That in all Cases where by virtue of this Act any Portion of the Demesne or Mensal Lands belonging to any Ecclesiastical Person shall be demised, the full yearly Value of such Part of the said Demesne or Mensal Lands as shall be demised pursuant to this Act at the Time of making the said Demise shall be reserved by such Ecclesiastical Person, without Fine or Consideration; and that no more than Ten Acres Plantation Measure of such Part of the said Demesne or Mensal Lands as shall be within any Corporate or Market Town, or

within

Ml

Disappropriation of unnecessary Demesne Lands.

Reservation of Rents of Demesne Lands under this Act.

Cap. 73. Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

within Half a Mile thereof, shall be demised by such Ecclesiastical Person to or in trust for the Use or Benefit of any One Person.

i* LVII. That it shall not be lawful for any Rector, Vicar, or " Incumbent, or other Ecclesiastical Person, haying a Glebe fit and convenient to be built upon for the Residence of him and his Successors, or whereon a convenient and suitable House of Residence has been or shall be built, or which shall lie so contiguous to the said House as to be conveniently made use offer the same, to alien, let, or demise such Glebe or any Part thereof to any Person' or Persons for any longer Term or Time than One Year from the making thereof, in possession, and not in

s .1 A i« . w .a n /%

revere:

Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always that in any Case in which any Rector, Vicar, Or Incumbent shall' him any Lands in right of his Benefice unsuitable for the* PurptiM of Residence, or exceeding Twenty Acres, that' it shall be lawful for every such Incumbent, by Indenture, sealed and delivered by such Incumbent in the Presence of One or more Witness or Witnesses^ and with the Consent of the Archbishdj) or Bishop of the Diocese under his Hand and Seal, tiidi. OoQteat being signified by way of Endorsement to be written on suA Indenture, or by his being an executing Party thereto, to demise to any Person, being in the actual Occupation thereof, any Part or Parts of the Glebe Lands of the said Benefice unsuitable or unnecessary for Residence as aforesaid, either altogether or in Parcels containing not less than Ten Acres each, for any Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years, to take effect iu possession, Or so as any existing Lease shall be surrendered or expire within One Year from the Date thereof, and that a Counterpart thereof shall be executed, and duly registered in the Registry of the Diocese: Provided always, that in and by every such Lease there shall be reserved and made payable half-yearly the belt Rent that can at the Time of making such Lease be obtained or reasonably be expected for the same, without taking any Fine or Premium or any Sums of Money or other Thing by way of Fine or Premium for making same: Provided also, that every such Lease not authorized or permitted by this Act shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, notwithstanding same, to exercise all Powers and Jurisdictions vested in him respectively by any Statute or otherwise relative to the enforcing the building of Houses of Residences, and changing the Sites thereof, and the Residence of the Clergy on their Benefices, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

more

Th«

1851

Ecclesiastical Residences (Ireland). > Cap. 73.

543

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

This Indenture, mode the Day of

in the Year of our Lord between the Right Reverend Father in God Lord Bishop of

of the One Part, and of the other Part:

Whereas the said Bishop, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act to consolidate and amend u the Laws relating to Ecclesiastical Residences in Ireland," hath determined to raise the Sum -of £, to be laid

out and expended in building [rebuilding, or repairing, as the Case may &<?,] the Parsonage House [Vicarage* 8fc. $*., as the Case may be, [of [describing it\ [or in purchasing a House and Land for the] Residence and Occupation of the Incumbent of the Rectory or Vicarage, of .:]

And whereas the said hath agreed to lend

and advance the Sum of £ upon a Mortgage

-of the Glebe, Tithes, Rentcharges, Rents, Profits, and Emoluments [as the Case may of said Benefice' [or Perpetual Curacy], pursuant to foe Directions and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: Now this Indenture witnesseth. That "the said Bishop, in consideration of the Sum of £ ,

paid at or before the seeding and delivering hereof into the Hands of, a Person [or Persons, or the Case mety

be>-\ nominated by the said Bishop to receive the same, pursuant to, the Directions of said Act, and which Receipt of the mid

: Sam of the said have [or hath]

acknowledged by an Endorsement on this Deed, doth by these Presents grant, bargain, sell, and demise unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rentcharges, Rents, Compositions, Salaries, Stipends, Fees, and other Profits and Emoluments whatsoever arising or payable to* the Incumbent of the said .Benefice [or Perpetual Curacy] in respect thereof, with all the . Bights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to have, hold, and receive and enjoy the said Premises unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, from henceforth for the Term of Thirty-five Years: fully to be complete and ended: Provided always, that if the Incumbent for the Time being of the said Benefice [or Perpetual Curacy] and his Successors shall, from and after the Expiration of the First Year of the said Term, yearly and every Year (such

Year to be computed from the Date hereof), pay to the said

his Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, One Thirtieth Part of the Sum of £ ,

until the whole thereof shall be repaid, and at the End of the first and every succeeding Year pay Interest at the Rate 6f per Cent, per Annum on the said Sum Of £, or so much thereof as shall from Time

544 Cap. 73, 74. JEcclesiastical Property Valuation (Ireland).

Time to Time remain unpaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of these Presents and of said recited Act, and also all Costs and Charges which shall be occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, these Presents, and everything herein contained, shall be void: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the Time being of the said Benefice, and his Successors, peaceably and quietly to hold and enjoy the said Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rent-charges, Rents, Composition, Stipends, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments whatsoever arising or to arise from or in respect of the said Benefice [or Perpetual Curacy], until Default shall be made by him or them respectively in the Payment of the Interest and Principal, or some Part thereof, at the Times and in the Manner aforesaid. In witness, &c. frc.

4 W. 4. c. 37.

II & 12 Vict. c. 80. s. 2.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, relating to Poor Rate Poundage and the Valuation of Ecclesiastical Property in Ireland; and to provide for the Renewal of Leases of Lands disappropriated from Bishoprics.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church of Ireland: And whereas the same was afterwards amended by subsequent Acts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to empotcer Lessees of Tithe Rentcharges in Ireland to deduct a Proportion of Poor Rate Poundage from Rent9 and also to empower the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in Ireland to alloto Sums paid for Poor Rate or County Cess, or Poundage deducted from Ecclesiastical Persons on account of Poor Rate, among the Deductions from the Valuation of Ecclesiastical Property directed to be made under an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His lute Majesty, for the Purpose of a certain Tax thereby imposed upon such Property in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said secondly-recited Act it should be lawful to and for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in and from the Valuation made or to be made of any Ecclesiastical Property for the Purpose of imposing the Rate, Tax, or Assessment required by the said first-recited Act, in addition to the Charges specified as Deductions in the said first-recited Act, to deduct also such Amounts or Sums as the said Commissioners should ascertain as proper to be deducted from such Valuation for or on account of any County Cess, or Poor Rate or Poundage

Rate

545

1851* Ecclesiastical Property Valuation (Ireland). Cap. 74.

Bate for the Relief or Employment of the Poor, or for repaying

any Advances made for those Purposes, and paid or payable in *r respect of such Ecclesiastical Property, such Deductions by the said Commissioners to be made according to a Return of 1 County Cess paid in respect of such Property and of the Rates ' struck in the Electoral Division or Divisions within which such Property may be situate during the Half Year ending on the First Day of January or First Day of July respectively preceding the Half Year for which such Ecclesiastical Tax should be demanded: And whereas the Provision in the said secondly-recited Act contained, whereby the Deduction thereby directed to be made from the Valuation made or to be made of any Ecclesiastical. Property for the Purpose aforesaid is required to be made according to a Return of the County Cess paid in respect of such Property and of the Poor's Rate

struck in the Electoral Division or Divisions within which such Property may be situate during the Half Year ending the First Day of January or First Day of July respectively preceding the Half Year for which such Ecclesiastical Tax shall be demanded, has been found to operate unjustly, and it is expedient to amend the said secondly-recited Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Deduction* to Commissioners, in making the Deductions by the said secondly- Jl^dty-ralted recited Act authorized to be made in and from the Valuations Act to L calcu-made or to be made for the Purpose of imposing the Rate, Tax, lated upon a or Assessment required to be made as aforesaid, to ascertain and halfway make such Deduction according to a Return of the County Cess Return, paid in respect of such Property and of the Rate or Rates struck in the Electoral Division or Divisions within which such Property may be situate during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, and that the Amount of such Valuation so to be made after allowing such Deduction, in addition to the Charges specified as Deductions in the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, shall be the Amount of the Valuation upon which the said Rate, Tax, or Assessment shall be imposed for the Twelve Months next ensuing, and that the First Valuation to be made under the Provisions of this Act shall be for the Purpose of imposing the Tax to become payable on the First Day of January next after the passing of this Act.

II. And whereas by the Baid recited Act of the Third and In Case* of DUFourth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, of R^toS^ *

and by the several Acts to amend the same, the Lord Lieu- Land *, or tenant and Privy Council in Ireland were authorized, with Glebe *, &c.

the Consent of any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Archdeacon, ^n^d^l0p *

4 Dignitary, Prebendary, or Canon, or upon the Avoidance of same being their respective Bishoprics, Dignity, Prebend, or Canonry, to to a M m 4 disappropriate yUsm8e> &a»

Cap. 74. 'Ecclesiastical Property Valuation (Ireland.)

the Incumbent ' disappropriate from any such Spiritual Preferment as afore- reqUt^newals 8a^ any Rectory, Vicarage, Tithes, or Glebes, and to unite* of^Le&se^there- them to the Vicarages or Perpetual or other Curacies of the tofore made by ^respective Parishes, so as that each such Rectory, Vicarage, ' 8ucbB&e°PSof 6 Tithes, or Glebes, or Parts thereof, shall, with its respective* ' Vicarage, Perpetual or other Curacy, form a distinct Parish-'j or Benefice: And whereas by an Act of the Sixth and* '- Seventh Years of His said Majesty, Chapter Ninety-nine, the* ' said Provision is extended to Mensal and Demesne Lands:* And whereas no Provision has been made for the leasing or ' granting Renewal Leases of any Lands, Tenements, or Here 'i ditaments so disappropriated as aforesaid, and united to such* ' Viearages or Perpetual or other Curacies: And whereaatby* ''reason thereof the existing Interests of the Tenants of such1 ' Lands and Premises are much prejudiced by being deprived* of the Power of obtaining Renewals of their Leases^ and it is- expedient that leasing Powers of like Nature as the leasing* ' Powers which had theretofore existed in relation to such* ' Lands and Premises previous to their Disappropriation should* ' be exercised after their Disappropriation as aforesaid:' Be it* therefore enacted, That in all such Cases of Disappropriation tas-aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Incumbent of thej Parish or Benefice to which any such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-: meats so disappropriated as aforesaid shall have been so united* and he is hereby required, upon the Application of the respee- 1 tive Lessees, Assignees, or Tenants of such Lands or Premises,

to accept a Surrender of any subsisting Lease of the same, and to demise anew the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein comprised, for such like Term or Interest as shall have been granted therein by the Lease so surrendered, or as the Archbishop, Bishop, or other such Ecclesiastical Person as aforesaid shall have had the Power of granting or demising previously to such Disappropriation, reserving by such new Lease theianiUMi Rent or Rents theretofore reserved out of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by the Lease so surrendered, and receiving for and in consideration of makng such new Lease, Payment of such Fine as may be equal to the average Amount, of Renewal Fines theretofore paid or agreed to be paid, or customarily paid or payable, for the Renewal of the Lease or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ,; such annual Rent or Rents, and average Amount of such Renewal. Fines, to be ascertained by all such and the like Means as by the said first-recited Act provided in Cases of Renewals made by^ the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland of Leases of Lands* theretofore belonging to a Bishopric, and subject to like Provisions, Restrictions, and Limitations as in the said Aokroatatted* in relation to such last-mentioned Renewals by the said Commia' sioners; and it shall be lawful for the respective Tenants," Lessees, or Under-tenants of any such Lands, Tenements, or* Hereditaments so disappropriated to apply to the Incumbent of* the Benefice to which the same shall have been so united, and *

, «bo

1851- Ecclesiastical Property Valuation (Ireland). Cap. 74. S4&

aho to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, for the Pu*> chase of a perpetual Estate and Interest of and in any such Lands or Premises customarily leased, in like Manner as such]

Tenants, Lessees, or Under-tenants respectively could or might have applied to the Bishop of such Diocese and to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners by virtue of the said Acts relating to the Temporalities of the Churchvin Ireland, or any of them* in case such Lands or Premises had not been so disappropriated; and in; case of any such Application all such and the like Proceedings shall be had as by the said Acts or any of them prescribed in the Case of any Application for the Purchase of the Pee Simple and Inheritance of and in any Lands belonging to any Bishopric, save* that in such Case the Incumbent of the respective Benefice to which such Lands or Premises shall have been so united shall in all such Proceedings be substituted for and in the Place of the Bishop of the Diocese from which the said Premises shall; have been so disappropriated: Provided always, that if any Lessee, Assignee, or Tenant of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so disappropriated as aforesaid shall surrender the same and his Interest therein and in the Lease or Demise thereof to the Incumbent for the Time being of the Parish or Benefice to which the Same shall have been so united, or to any One on behalf of or in trust for such Incumbent, in order to terminate the said Lease or Demise without obtaining any Renewal thereof, or for the Purpose, of augmenting the Income of such Benefice, nothing herein contained shall in any such Case extend to authorize or empower the Incumbent of any such Parish or Benefice, or his Successors, at any Time or Times thereafter to demise again or lease the said Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments so surrendered as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

III. And whereas by an Order of the said Lord Lieutenant Power to the and Privy Council, under the Provisions of the said first-recited ' Act, certain Landp, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereto- renew Leases ' fore belonging to the Bishopric of Down, Connor, and Dromore certain disap- have been disappropriated from the said Bishopric, and have ' been united and annexed to certain Vicarages in the said ' Order mentioned: And whereas, for the Purpose of the Liqui-

dation of a certain Charge upon the said Bishopric in respect

oft certain Buildings and Improvements upon the Lands of the "

said See, it was by the said Order in Council provided, that the *

now Bishop of Down, Connor, and Dromore, and his Successors,

should continue to receive the Revenues of the Lands, Tene

* -meats, and Hereditaments so disappropriated from the said ' Bishopric for a certain Period of Time in the said Order men' turned in that Behalf: And whereas it is expedient to provide ' for the Renewal of Leases of such Lands, Tenements, and ' Hereditaments in the Interval of Time to elapse before the ' Expiration of such Period:' Be it therefore enacted, That during the said Interval of Time to elapse before the Expiration of the said Period in the said Order mentioned, it shall be lawful j for

J

648 Cap. 75. Metropolitan Setoers. 14 & 15 Vicrv

for the now Bishop of Down, Connor, Dromore, and his

Successors, notwithstanding such Disappropriation as aforesaid, to exercise, by and in his or their own Name and Bight, all such Powers of leasing and demising of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so disappropriated from the said Bishopric of Down9 Connor, and Dromore, as before the said Disappropriation a Bishop of the said Diocese might have had and exercised; and in the Case of any such last-mentioned Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so disappropriated, and being demised by Leases customarily renewed from Time to Time, it shall be lawful for the said now Bishop and his Successors to accept Surrenders of such Leases, and to make new Leases or Renewals of the same respectively, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as, in case the said Disappropriation had not been had and made as aforesaid, the said Bishop and his Successors would have been authorized and empowered to do in respect of any Lands or Premises belonging to such Bishopric; and such Leases or Renewals shall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if such Disappropriation had not been had and made as aforesaid: Provided always, that from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Time in the said Order mentioned as aforesaid all Rent, Covenants, and Reservations reserved or made payable by or contained in any such Lease or Renewal made as last aforesaid shall become and be payable to and enure for the Benefit of the Incumbent or Incumbents of the Benefice or respective Benefices to which the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Lease or Renewal comprised have by the said Order in Council been so united and annexed, and his and their Successors in such Benefice or Benefices, who shall have all such Remedies for enforcing Payment, or Performance of such Rent, Covenants, and Reservations, as if the same had been expressly made payable or reserved to or covenacted with or by such Incumbent or respective Incumbents, or his or their Successors.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend and continue the Metropolitan Sewers Acts.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, "to consolidate and continue in force for Two Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Metropolitan Commissions of Sewers," and the said Act was limited to continue in force for Two Years next after the passing thereof, and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and such Act has been amended by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twelfth and* Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-three: And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Acts for such Period as herein mentioned, and to amend the same as herein provided Be it therefore enacted

11 & IS Vict C. 112.

1S& 13 Vict c. 93.

1851.

Metropolitan Sewers.

Cap. 75. 549

enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Warrant under Appointment of Her Royal Sign Manual, to appoint One of the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being to be the Chairman^Comman, and One other of such Commissioners to be Deputy Chair- mudonen of man of such Commissioners, and upon every Vacancy in the Sewea Office of such Chairman or Deputy Chairman to appoint in

like Manner some other Person to such Office; and every such Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall hold his Office during Her Majesty's Pleasure.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Salary of Chair* Treasury to direct a Salary not exceeding One thousand Pounds m*n#

by the Year to be paid to the Chairman for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and such Salary shall be paid out of the Monies applicable to the Payment of the general Expenses of the said Commissioners.

III. The Chairman for the Time being appointed under this The Chairman Act shall be the Chairman at every Court of Sewers to be or *?PutT holden under the said Acts at which he is present, and in his pre*id^tCmirti Absence the Deputy Chairman for the Time being appointed of Seven, under this Act shall be such Chairman, and the Person presiding

as Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote, as provided by the said firstly-mentioned Act.

IV. Such of the said Commissioners as shall be present at any Two CoramU-Court of Sewers, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman being One jj?1*" (°ne. of the Commissioners present, and the Number of Commis- mln^Deputy sioners present being not less than Two, may exercise and perform Chairmen) to all the Powers, Authorities, and Duties vested in the Commis- a Quoru" sioners, except as herein-after provided; and if Two of such mratwnad). Commissioners, or such Chairman or Deputy Chairman, be not

present within One Hour after the Time appointed for holding any Court of Sewers, such Court may be adjourned in manner provided by the said first-mentioned Act in case Six Commissioners be not so present; and where under the said Acts the Signatures of Six of the Commissioners is required to any Rate,

Warrant, or other Matter, except as herein-after provided, it shall not be requisite for the same to be signed by more than Two of the Commissioners under this Act, but the Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall be One of the Commissioners by whom the same shall be signed.

V. Provided always, that no District or Special Sewers Rate Rate* to be shall be made except at a Court at which not less than Six Commissioners shall be present, of whom the Chairman shall be SeTby no^ew One, and shall be signed by not less than Six Commissioners, of than Six Com-whom the Chairman shall be One; provided also, that no Rate njwionen (the or Rates amounting to more than Threepence in the Pound shall one)?"*11

be made by the said Commissioners; and no Money shall be borrowed, nor shall any Mortgage be made or Annuity granted,

Mm3

500

Metropolitan Sewers Act *

(11 & 13 Vict. «. 11S.,

12 & 13 Vict . c. VS.) to OODt tinue in. force for One Tear.

Cap. 7 ft. New Forest Deer Removal, , fyc. c. 14 & 15 Victf.

by the said Commissioners, except in pursuance of an Order of a Court at which not less than Six Commissioners shall be present, of whom the Chairman shall be One.

VI. The said firstly-mentioned Act, and so much of the said secondly-mentioned Act as would expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, as amended by this Act, and this Act, shall continue in force for One Year next after the passing of this Act, in like Manner as if the Time so limited had been the Time originally limited by the said firstly-mentioned Act for the Continuance thereof.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to extinguish the Right of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to give Compensation in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating to the said Forest. - [Jtti August 1851.]

WHEREAS all Persons having Rights of Common or other

Rights* in or over the New Forest in the County of

Southampton, as well as all Persons having Estates within dr

adjoining to the same, would be greatly benefited by the

Removal of the Royal Deer within the said Forest: And whereas Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify Her Intention to give Directions for the Extinction or Rd-c moval, with all convenient Speed, of Her Majesty^ Deer within the said Forest, and to consent to the Extinguishment of the important and valuable vested Right of the Crown to stock

and keep the said Forest stocked with Deer in consideration 1 of the Compensation herein-after provided in lieu of such Right: And whereas tinder and by virtue of the Act of Parliament of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the c Third, Chapter Thirty-six, and of the Act of Parliament of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Seventy-two, or One of them, Her Majesty is empowered to ' inclose and keep inclosed in Severalty in Her actual Possession,

* 1 freed and discharged from all Rights of Common, and from

all Manner of Rights, Titles, or Pretences, or Privileges or Claims whatsoever, such Quantity of Lahd in the said Forest c as shall amount to Six thousand Acres, such Inclosures, when

J 4 the Woods and Trees growing therein have become past Danger of browsing of Deer or Cattle or other Prejudice, to be laid

open, and other Lands of equal Quantity to be thereupon ' inclosed in lieu thereof, and so from Time to Time in manner ' in the said Acts or One of them particularly provided May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

L That

New Forest Deer Removal, $*£.

Cap.

1851;

1. That the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or such Officers or Officer of Her Majesty as the said Commissioners shall order, shall, with all convenient Speed, and within Two Years from the passing of this Act, remove or cause to be removed all Her Majesty's Deer within the said Forest, and apply and dispose of the same os Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall direct.

II. That when such Deer shall have been so removed the Right of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to keep Deer in the said Forest, shall absolutely cease.

; IIL That it shall be lawful* for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time to inclose, sever, and improve, and plant with Trees of any kind, within and out of the Waste Lands of the said Forest, in whole or in part, any Quantity of Land not exceeding Ten thousand Acres in the whole, in addition to the Six thousand Acres already in Inclosure, or which shall be inclosed as aforesaid in the said Forest under or by virtue of the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf herein-before mentioned, and so that there shall not be more than Sixteen thousand Acres (inclusively of the said Six thousand Acres in Ae said Forest) inclosed and held in Severalty as aforesaid at One and the* same Time, and such Inclosures shall be made under and by virtue of a Commission or Commissions to be from S!ime to Time granted and issued by Her Majesty for that Purpose, and each of such Commissions shall be directed to Six of snore such Persons as. Her Majesty shall think fit, whereof Two in each Commission shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, and shall not be Officers of such Forest; mud any such Commission may be revoked and renewed, as Her Majesty* Her Heirs and Successors, may think fit; and any oetr Commissioner may be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, under Sign Manual, on the Death, Resignation, or Incapacity of any Commissioner; and such Inclosures shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places in the said Forest (other than and except such Lands as have been drained with Tiles by Money received by the Crown from the 'Southampton and Dorchester Railway Company in compensation -for Portions of the Forest taken by the Company for the Purpose of their Works) as . shrill be found or ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, .(One whereof <sb&ll be One of the said Justices,) to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be best adapted for the Growth and Produce of Timber or other Trees, and may be best spared from the Commons and Highways of the said Forest; which said Inclosures shall be admeasured by a sworn Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof returned into the Office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, there to remain of Record for ever.

IV. That the said Inclosures so made and set out as aforesaid nh&ll remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of the Crown, tr . Mm 4 freed

Doe^r to be re^ moved with in . Two Years.

Right to keen Deer in said£<>, rest to cease.

In lieu of such Right, Her Majesty empowered to in* dote not exceeding 10,000 Acres, in addition to the 6,000 Acres already inclosed.

Such Inclosures to remain in Serenity in the

Pomession of the Crown, freed from nil Bights of Common and other Bights.

When Trees within the In* closures are past Danger of browsing of Cattle or other Prejudice, such Inclosures to be thrown open, and new Inclo* sures made in lieu thereof.

Expenses of In* closures to be defrayed by Sale of decayed or other Trees (not being Ship Timber).

Saving HerMa* jesly's Rights, except as regards the keep^ ing of Deer.

Cap. 76. New Forest Deer Removal, tfc. 14 & 15 VICT.

freed and discharged of and from all Bights of Common, and of and from all manner of Rights, Titles, or Pretences, or Privileges or Claims whatsoever, during the Period of the same remaining so inclosed for the Growth and Preservation of Timber and Trees, and until the same or any Part thereof shall be laid open, under the Provisions herein-after contained, and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurseries for Timber or Trees only *

Y. That at all Times hereafter, whenever the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being, shall be satisfied, and shall determine that the Woods and Trees which shall be growing within any of the said Inclosures made or to be made under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or any of them, are become past Danger of browsing of Cattle or other Prejudice, and shall think fit to lay the same or any Part thereof open and in Common, and shall cause the same so to be done, that then and so often it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Sue* cessors, from Time to Time to inclose, and plant with Trees in lieu of so much of the Inclosure as shall be so laid open, the like Quantity out of any other Part of the Residue of the Wastes of the same Forest, to be set out by like Commission and Admeasurement as aforesaid, and to be holden inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Common and other Rights as aforesaid, for so long Time as the same shall continue inclosed, according to the Direction, Purport, and Intent of this Act, to be a Nursery or Nurseries for Timber and other Trees as aforesaid, instead of so much as shall be laid open according to the Direction aforesaid.

VI. And for the making and maintaining the said Inclosures so to be set out and made as aforesaid, and for defraying the Charges thereof, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being shall from Time to Time set out, fell, and dispose of so many decayed or other Trees in such Forest (not being Ship Timber) as shall be necessary to make and maintain the said Inclosures, and defray the Expense thereof.

VII. Provided always, That, notwithstanding the Removal of the Deer, and the Extinguishment of the Right to keep Deer therein, the said Forest shaft to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in like Manner and to the same Extent as it was immediately before the passing of this Act; and nothing in this Act contained, or which may be done in pursuance thereof, shall be held to take away, alter, or affect any Rights or Privileges wThatst>ever of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in, over, or upon the said Forest (other than the Right of keeping Deer therein), or to take away, alter, or affect the Right of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, to any Lands already inclosed within the said Forest, by reason that the same were or shall be alleged to have been continued and preserved for the Purpose of producing Hay for the Use of the Deer kept within the said Forest, or otherwise»

553

New Forest Deer Removal, jpc. Cap. 76.

otherwise, and so that the same may, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, be let or occupied in any Manner and for any Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas by the Removal of the Deer and otherwise various Lodges, Lodge Qrounds, and other Tenements now or heretofore occupied by Keepers or other Officers of Her Majesty in or for the said Forest will no longer be required c to be so occupied, and it is expedient that the same should be let to the best AdvantageBut, inasmuch as the Powers of leasing given by the Act, Tenth of George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, are by such Act declared not to extend to the demising or leasing of any of the Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases in England, or any Part or Parcel thereof be it declared and enacted, That the Powers of leasing given by the said last-mentioned Act shall henceforth extend and be construed to extend to enable the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on behalf of Her Majesty, to demise or lease all or any Parts or Part of the New Forest the Soil and Freehold of which now is or hereafter may be permanently vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, discharged of all Common and other Rights of the Subject in and over the same: Provided always, that such Power of letting shall not extend to any Portion of the Lands for the Time being inclosed, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, for the Growth of Timber or other Trees.

IX. That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to give and grant Licences to any Person or Persons to hunt, hawk, fish, and fowl upon and over the said Forest.

X. And whereas divers of Her Majesty's Subjects claim Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, and Common of Estovers, and certain Rights of Pannage, and to dig Gravel, 4 Sand, and Marl, and cut Fern, Heath, and Furze, in and upon the New Forest: And whereas great Doubt and Uncertainty exists as to the Extent of the said Rights or Claims, and as to the Persons entitled to exercise the same: And whereas it is expedient to provide for a due Registration of the said Rights and of the Persons so entitled, and an easy and economical Mode of adjudicating upon and finally settling all such Claims:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, and they are hereby required, within Three Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, to cause Notice to be given in the London Gazette, and in Two or more Newspapers usually published and circulated in the County of Southampton, requiring all Persons having or claiming any Right of Common of Pasture, Right of Common of Turbary, Right of Common of Estovers, or any Right of Pannage, or to take or dig Gravel, Sand, or Marl, -or cut Fern, Heath, or Furze, in, upon, or over the said Forest, to deliver such Claims in Writing to the Yerderers for the Time being of the said Forest at a

Meeting Goode

Power to Commissioners of Woods, &c. to tense Parts of tho New Forest.

Her Majesty may grant Licences to sport over New Forest.

Commissioners of Woods and Forests to give Notice in London Gazette requiring all Persons claiming Rights to deliver in their Claims to the Verderers.

6M

Cap. 76.

Netp Forett Dter1 Removal, if a. 14 & 15 Vict.

Verderer* to hold a Meeting to receive Claima.

At such Meeting Persons claiming Rights to deliver in their Claims in Writing to the Verderers.

Claims to be entered in a Book.

Two Copies of the Book containing Claims to be made and deposited.

Claims not preferred to be absolutely barred.

In Cases of Infancy or Lunacy, &c., Guardians or Trustees may act.

Meeting to be held by the said Verderers for that Purpose on a Day to be specified in the said Notice, the said Day so specified for the said Meeting not being less than Six nor more than Nine Calendar Months from the Day of Insertion of the said Notice in the London Gazette.

XL That the said Verderers for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, shall on the Day specified in the said Notice proceed to hold a Meeting at Lyndhurst in the said Forest to receive the said Claims, and shall have Power to adjourn the Baid Meeting from Time to. Time as to them may? seem expedient, giving such public Notice of such Adjournment as to them or any Two of them may appear reasonable.

XII.That all Persons having or claiming any Bight of Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Common of Estovers, or any Bight of Pannage, or to dig or take Gravel, Sandy or Marl, or cut Fern, Heath, or Furze, in, over, or upon the New Forest, shall, at the said Meeting prefer and deliver to the Verderers their Claims in Writing, to be signed by them or their Agent lawfully appointed' thereto, distinctly specifying the Nature, Extent, and Particulars of the Claim preferred, the Quantity and Locality of the Lands or Tenements in respect of which such Claim is made, the Bents or other Payments or Acknowledgments due or payable to Her Majesty for or in respect of such Bights i or Claims, and the Estate or Interest which they have respectively in such Lands or ' Tenements, and mentioning therein the Places of Abode of the respective Claimants, or their Agents, at which Notices in respect of such Claim may be delivered; and no Claim shall be received by the Verderers after the Day of the said Meeting, or the last Day of Adjournment thereof.

XIII. That all Claims preferred and delivered to the Ver-derersat the said Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be entered by the Clerk of the Verderers in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and each Clahn and the Entry thereof shall be numbered in consecutive Order; and the said Book, when completed, shall be signed by the Verderers, or anyi Two or more of them, and shall be countersigned by the said Clerk.

XIV. That Two Copies of the said Book so completed shall be made, each of which shall be signed by the said Verderers, or any Two or more of them, and countersigned by the said Clerk, One whereof shall be deposited within One Month of the said Signature in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, and the other with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Southampton.

XV. That every Claim not preferred as aforesaid at the said Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is absolutely barred and extinguished.

XVI. That wherever any Person entitled to claim any Bight of Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Common of Estovers, or Bight of Pannage, or to dig Gravel, Sand, or Marl, or cot Fern, Heath, or Furze, shall be an Infant, Lunatic, Idiot,

Feme

1851. New Foreet Deer Removal) .Cap. 78. 966

Feme Covert, or under any other legal Disability, or beyond the Seas, the Guardian, Trustee, or Committee of the Estate,

Husband, or Attorney respectively, may prefer and subscribe such Claim in as full and ample Manner as any Person interested may do, or in default thereof such Person as may be nominated for that Purpose by the said Verderers, or any Two of them, and whom they are hereby empowered to nominate under their Hands, shall be substituted for the Purposes of making the -said Claim, and for all other Purposes of this Act, in the Place of such Person so under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid.

XVII. That within One Month after the Register as aforesaid Abunctcf

shall have been so signed by the Verderers, and countersigned '

as aforesaid, an Abstract of the Claims, stating the Number !u, ^onOiaettf. of the Claim, and the Name and Abode of the Claimant, and the Land or Tenements in respect of which he claims, and the

Subject Matter of the said Claim, shall be inserted in the London Gazette, and published for Two consecutive Weeks in some;

Two or more of the Newspapers usually published or circulated

in the County of Southampton, and Copies of such Abstract

shall be printed and furnished by the Clerk of the Verderers to

all Persons claiming any of the aforesaid Rights, on Application

for the same, and on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Copy,

XVIII. That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall Claim *, when have been inserted in the Register as having made any Claim,

either on his own Behalf or on behalf of any other Person, to ° Jec object to any Claim so preferred and registered as aforesaid.

XIX. That within Three Months after the last Publication Verderers to of the said Claims the said Verderers, or any Two of them, j11

shall hold a Meeting at Lyndhurst aforesaid to receive all jectionsto such Objections, Notice of which Meeting shall be given by Claim *, advertising the same in the London Gazette, and in any Two or more Newspapers usually published or circulated in the said County, and by such other Means (if any) as the Verderers shall direct, One Calendar Month at least before the said Meeting, and the said Verderers shall have Power from Time to Time to adjourn the said Meeting.

XX. That no Objection to any Claim shall be received by N° Objection ito

the said Verderers after the said Meeting to be held for that M^ngbeidfor Purpose, or some Adjournment thereof. that Purpose.

XXI. That every Person who shall object. to a Claim shall Objection* to deliver his Objection in Writing to the Verderers at their said ^r^vered m Meeting or some Adjournment thereof, and shall deliver a Du- nt, ng* plicate of the said Objection at the Place of Abode of the Claimant or his Agent Seven Days at least before the First

Meeting of the said Verderers to receive such Objections.

XXII. That every Objection so delivered to any Claimant Objection* to be as aforesaid, or to the said Verderers, shall be signed by the sisned by^e Party objecting, or his Agent thereto duly authorized, and shall J? ma ing specify the Place of Abode of such Object or or such Agent

(except

/* '

556

Objections to be entered in a Book,

Duplicates of Objections to bcdepoaitedj&e.

Registers of Claims and Objections to be completed within Two Years.

Claim not objected to to be allowed by the Verdcrers.

In Cases of Claim not objected to the Verdcrers to enter Memorandum on the Register of Claims.

Commissioners of Woods, See. to prefer any Claim in respect of any ancient inclosed Lands, Ac.

Clerk of Verderers to deliver all Claims objected to and all Objections to Claims to Clerk of County Court.

Judgeof County Court to hold Courts in the Vicinity of the Forest.

Cap. 76. New Forest Deer Removal, &c. 14 & 15 VICT.

(except in the Case of an Objection made on behalf of Her Majesty), the Number of the Claim made by such Objector, and the Number of the Claim so objected to.

XXIII. That all Objections preferred as aforesaid shall be entered in a Book in the same Manner as such Claims are hereby directed to be entered, and shall be signed by the said Verderers, and countersigned by their Clerk.

XXIV. That Copies or Duplicates of such Objections shall be made and deposited in like Manner as the Copies of the Register of Claims are directed to be made and deposited.

XXV. That the said Register of Claims and Objections shall be completed by the said Verderers within Two Yean from the Date of the Insertion in the London Gazette by the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Notice requiring the said Claims to be made.

XXVI. That all Claims not so objected to as aforesaid shall be allowed by the Verderers, and shall be good and valid in Law, and shall not be questioned or impeached in any Proceeding in Law or Equity.

XXVII. That in case any Claim of Right of Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Common of Estovers, or Right of Pannage, or to dig Gravel, Sand, or Marl, or cut Fern, Furze, or Heath, shall not be objected to, the Verderers shall enter a Memorandum to that Effect on the Register of Claims, and the Clerk of the Verderers shall deliver to any Person applying for the same, on Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings, a Certificate under his Hand of such Memorandum having been made, which Certificate purporting to be so signed shall be Evidence in all Courts that such Claim was not objected to as aforesaid.

XXVIII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on behalf of Her Majesty, to prefer any Claim in respect of any ancient inclosed Lands or Tenements of Her Majesty, or in respect of any Purchases made by or on behalf of the Crown, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on behalf of Her Majesty, to object to all or any of the Claims which may be preferred and registered as aforesaid.

XXIX. That after the Register of Objections is completed as aforesaid the Clerk of the Verderers shall and he is hereby required within One Calendar Month to deliver all Claims objected to, and all Objections to such Claims, to the Clerk of the County Court of Southampton at the Office of the County Court in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

XXX. The Judge of the said County Court shall and he is hereby required to hold a Court or Courts at such Place or Places in or in the immediate Vicinity of the said Forest as he may deem most convenient for the Purpose of hearing and determining such Objections, such Court to be held after One

Month's

557

1851. New Forest Deer Removal, &c. Cap. 76.

Month's Notice of the Time and Place of holding the Court shall have been given in the Mode in which Notice is now given of holding any County Court.

XXXI. That at the Time of giving the said Notice the Judge shall cause to be prepared a List showing what particular Claims are to be heard by him at the said Court, which List shall be published in Two of the Newspapers usually published and circulated in the said County, and by such other Means (if any) as the said Judge shall direct. Fourteen Days at the least before the holding of the said Court.

XXXII. That the Judge and Officers of such County Court shall have such and the like Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority to try and decide such Claims, and to give full Effect to the Decree of the Court therein, as are or may be by Law provided in respect of any Matter over which the said County Court has or may have Jurisdiction; and the Parties claiming and objecting shall have the like Bights and Privileges, both as to Appeal and otherwise, as they now or may have in respect of any Action brought in the said Court.

XXXIII. That the Party claiming any Bight of Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Common of Estovers, Bight of Pannage, or to dig Gravel, Sand, or Marl, or cut Fern, Heath, or Furze, shall be Plaintiff, and the Party objecting to such Claim shall be Defendant; that the Judge shall or may allow or disallow the Claim in all or part, and may amend or correct the Claim in all or in part, and make such Order therein as to him shall appear just, and may award to either Party such Costs, including the Expenses of Counsel and Attorney, as to him may seem reasonable, any Provision limiting the Power of the said Judge as to the Amount of Costs by any Act now in force to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. That the Decision of the said Judge in and upon any such Claim and Objection, subject to the Power of Appeal as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

XXXV. That after the Decision upon any Claim the Judge of the County Court shall transmit the Claim, with his Decision endorsed thereon, to the Verderers, who shall at any Meeting to be held by them amend the Register by striking out or amending any Claim that has been' disallowed or amended, inserting in the Margin thereof the Fact and Date of such Disallowance or Amendment by the said Judge; and in the Case of any Claim allowed by the said Judge, either wholly or in part, after such Objection made as aforesaid, shall make a like Memorandum of the Fact of such Allowance either wholly or in part as aforesaid; and a Duplicate of such Register as amended shall be transmitted to the Office of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, and to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County.

XXXVI. Such Register, or any Copy or Extract thereof duly certified by the Clerk to the Verderers, by the Keeper of the Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, or by the Clerk of the Peace, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts of Law

and

List to be prepared of Claims to be heard by Judge.

Judges, See. of County Court to hare same Powers and Jurisdiction to decide Claims as they have in other Actions.

Parties claiming and defending to be deemed Plaintiffs and Defendants.

Decision of Judge to be final.

Judge to transmit Claims and his Decision thereupon to the Verderers.

Register of Claims or a Copy thereof to be Evidence.

Providing Fund for defraying Expenses.

Judges and Officers of County Court to receive Remuneration out of Funds provided to defray Expenses.

Partified Copies of Register to be provided when required.

Inspection of Registers.

Penalty for forging Register or Certificates.

Clerk to the Verderers.

Cap. 76 .; Forest Dter Removaly frc. 14 & 15 VICT,

and Equity, without any Proof of the Handwriting of the Cleric of the Verderers, Keeper of Land Revenue Records and Enrolments, or Clerk of the Peace so certifying the same, and shall be final and conclusive as to the Rights therein specified.

XXXVII. And for providing a Fund for the Payment of the Expenses incident to the Registration of the said Claims and Objections, and the Decisions upon, such Claims as aforesaid, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods* Forests, and Land Revenues, on behalf of Her Majesty, from Time to Time to sell and dispose of such Part or Parts of the Open or Waste Lands of the said Forest as the said Commissioners and any Two Verderers for the Time being of the said Forest may deem most convenient and desirable to be sold, and thereby to raise any Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; and the Purchase Money to arise from the said Sales shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct, and shall be by them applied in discharging the said Expenses as hereinafter provided; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners few the Purchase Money shall be good and sufficient Discharges to all Persons purchasing, who shall not be bound to see to the Application thereof, or to inquire whether the Verderers of the said Forest did or did not assent to the Sale.

XXXVIII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being to order the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to pay thereout to the said Judge of the County Court, and to the Officers of the said Court, and to the Clerk of the Verderers, such Sums as the said first-mentioned Commissioners may deem a reasonable and sufficient Remuneration for the Services rendered by the said Judge, Officers, and Clerk respectively, beyond all Expenses incurred by them respectively in carrying this Act inta effect.

XXXIX That it shall be lawful for any Person to demand from the Clerk of the Verderers, the Keeper of the Land Ren venue Records and Enrolments, and the Clerk of the Peace a certified Copy or Extract of the said Register, on Payment of any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Fourpence a Folio of Seventy-two Words;

XL. That any Person may inspect the Registers so deposited as aforesaid on Payment of One Shilling for each Inspection.

XLI. That any Person forging any Register or Certificate* or any Claim or Objection, or uttering any such Register, Certificate, or Claim or Objection, knowing the same to be forged, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable to be transported for Seven Years, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

XLII. That for the Purposes of this Act the Under Steward or Acting Under Steward for the Time being of the said Forest shall be Clerk to the Verderers, and in case of his Illness, Absence, Incapacity, or Refusal to act, or in case of the Vacancy of the Office of Under Steward* it shall be lawful for the said

Verderers

ML

Ntw Forest Deer Removal9 Cap. 76. Mfit

Yerderers from Time to Time to appoint another Person, being" an Attorney of One of the Superior Courts of Record, and-practising as such, to be their Clerk for the Purposes of this *

Act, who shall remain m Office until he shall resign the same, or be removed therefrom by the said Yerderers.

XLIII. That every Inclosure to be from Time to Time made Extent of Inclo-aad set out by or on behalf of Her Majesty from the Waste Her Majesty. Lands of the said Forest, by virtue of any Commission here after to he issued for the Purpose either under the Authority of this Act or of the stud recited Acts, shall be of the Extent of *

Three hundred Acres at the least, exclusive of the Site of any public Roads, Ways, for Paths which may intersect such Inclosure *

XLIV. 'And whereas by the One hundredth Section of the* 10G.4. c. 50.

Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth,

Chapter Fifty, it was enacted, that from and after the passing ' of that Act all such unlawful Inclosures, Purprestures, En

croachments, and Trespasses which should have been wilfully > f made or caused or procured to be made by any Person or Persons in and upon any of the Royal Forests, or should be wilfully ' held, occupied, and made use of by any Person or Persons '

subsequently occupying or claiming the same, (save and except '

such as should have been demised or sold, or in respect of ' which any Treaty for a Demise or Sale should or might be ' pending, under certain Provisions for that Purpose therein.

contained,) should and might be inquired of by the Yerderers ' of the respective Forests, within which such unlawful Inclo-V sures, Purprestures, Encroachments, or Trespasses should have '. been made, in the Courts of Attachment of the said Forests ' respectively, and the Person or Persons guilty of making,

continuing, and renewing any such unlawful Inclosure, Pur-

presture. Encroachment, or Trespass, save as aforesaid, should ' and might be prosecuted for the same in the said Court or ' Courts, and upon Proof being made thereof on the Oath of ' One credible Witness the Verderers of the said respective ' Forests, or any Two of them present at the said Court or ' Courts, should have Power and they were thereby authorized 4, to fine any Person or Persons so offending for* every such ' Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered ' and applied in manner therem-after provided, and to order and ' direct every such unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, and Trespass, save as aforesaid, to be abated by the Re- garders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forest respectively, who were thereby authorized and ' empowered to abate the same accordingly; but in the said ' Statute was contained a Provision, that in case it should be insisted upon by any Person or Persons who should be proceeded against in any of the said Attachment Courts as thereinbefore directed, that the Place wherein the Inclosure, Purpresture* Encroachment, or Trespass should have been or should be ' alleged to have been made was not within the Boundaries* of

GocMe

Delay and Expense attending Proceedings by Information of Intrusion to suppress Encroachments.

Encroachments may be dealt with and adjudicated upon by the County Court.

No Action to be brought in County Court until Certificate first obtained that the Encroachment does not exceed the Value of 100£

Cap. 76.

New Forest Deer Removal, 14 & 15 VICT.

an y of the said Forest8, or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the same, the said Verderers should not proceed to Conviction, but should certify the Presentment of such Offence to His Majesty's Attorney General, to the end that such Proceeding might be had therein, by Information or otherwise, as by Law might have been had before the passing of the said Act: And whereas owing to the Delay and Expense attending Proceedings by Information of Intrusion, it has been found that the last recited Exception or Provision enables Persons guilty of unlawful Inclosures, Purprestures, Encroachments, and Trespasses of small Extent or Value in effect to oust or avoid the Jurisdiction conferred on the Court of Attachments of the said New Forest in such Matters as aforesaid, by means of false or merely colourable Pleas that the Place in which the alleged Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass was made is not within the Boundaries of the said Forest, or the Soil or Property of Her Majesty, to the Defeat or Obstruction of Justice:' For remedying thereof, be it enacted, That in every Case of alleged unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass within the said Forest, wherein the Person charged therewith shall insist that the Land wherein the same may be alleged to have been made is not within the Boundaries of the said Forest, or is not the Soil or Property of Her Majesty, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being to commence or prosecute an Action to try the Title to such Land in the County Court of the District in which such Land or any Part thereof is situate; and the Judge and Officers of such County Court shall have such and the same Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority to try and decide such Action, and to give full Effect to the Decree of the Court therein, as in and by the Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, is contained and conferred with respect to Actions relating to the Title to Land in which both Parties have agreed, in manner by the said Statute provided, that the County Court shall have Power to try the same.

XLV. Provided always, That no such Action shall be commenced by Her Majesty's Attorney General unless and until a Certificate under the Hands of some Two of the Verderers of the said New Forest, or of some Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, shall have been filed with the Clerk or other proper Officer of the County Court, certifying that it has been proved on Oath to the Satisfaction of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton^ or of any Two Verderers of the said Forest, that the alleged unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass does not exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds: Provided also, that after any Judgment shall have been given in favour of the Crown in any such Action in the County Court as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or for the Verderers

1851.

561

Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77.

of the said New Forest, or any Two of them, either to proceed in the Matter of any such unlawful Inclosure, Purpresture, Encroachment, or Trespass as aforesaid in manner authorized and provided by the said Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, as if it had been admitted that the Land the Subject thereof was within the Boundaries of the said New Forest is the Property of Her Majesty, or to proceed to recover Possession of such Land on behalf of the Crown by means of the Officers and by force of the Jurisdiction of the County Court by which such Action shall have been decided.

XLVI. Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, ° er or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, otherwise than as is especially provided for by this Act.

cap! lxxvii.

An Act to alter and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commis- 9&l0 Vict, c.sa.

sioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey, it was enacted, that s the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being should

and might, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Mligh Treasurer or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom for the Time being, form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the Parish of Saint Mary Battersea in the County of Surrey, and for that Purpose lay out and apply any Monies which should from Time to Time come into their Hands as such Commissioners as aforesaid from the Sale of any of the Possessions of the CrowTn, not exceeding in the whole the Sura of Two

hundred thousand Pounds, in the Purchase of the Lands and Hereditaments required for the Purposes of the said Act, and in laying out and planting the same, and forming the Embankment and other Works therein-after mentioned, and carrying the other Purposes of the said Act into execution, and such Lands and Hereditaments, when purchased, should be conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors,

and when so conveyed should for ever thereafter be a Royal Park by the Name of Battersea Park, and Part and Parcel of

662 C. 77. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT.

the Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of the Crown, and all Laws, Provisions, and Regulations then in force or thereafter to be in force with respect to Royal Parks should be taken to extend and apply to such Park, except that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, 4 Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being might, in such Manner as by Law was provided with regard to the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown not being Royal Parks, lease such Parts of the said intended Park as with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid they should deem it expedient to lease for the Purposes of Sites for Dwelling Houses or ornamental Buildings, and Offices and Gardens thereto annexed, and that all and every the .Powers and Provisions with regard to Leases for the Purposes aforesaid to be made or granted by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown not being Royal Parks should extend to such Part or Parts of the said intended Park so to be leased as aforesaid; and it was enacted, that if the said Commissioners should not within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of the said Act, purchase or take the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof respectively, which they were empowered by the said Act to take and use or purchase as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the Powers thereby granted to them for compulsory Purchase should cease: And whereas by the said Act, and another Act passed in the same 9&loVietc. 83. Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries to make Loans in Money to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods in lieu of Loans heretofore authorized to be made in Exchequer Bills9 the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being were empowered to authorize the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries to advance and lend to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, 4 Works, and Buildings for the Time being any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be advanced by such Instalments and from Time to Time as they should think fit, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being were empowered to secure the Repayment of any Sum or Sums so to be advanced, with Interest for the same, by Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said first-recited Act: And whereas by another Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleventh and Twelfth ll & is Vict Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge c. 102. the powrrs of an Act empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields, to facilitate the raising of Monies authorized to be raised by the said

. 1851. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension* C^p. 77.

Commissioners for Metropolitan Improvements, and to regulate and simplify the Mode of keeping the Accounts of the Comm is sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, the said Commissioners were empowered, in certain Cases, with the Consent of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's . Treasury, to grant Certificates of Charge on Portions of the Land Revenues of the Crown for any Monies agreed to be paid by them for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Powers or for the Purposes of the first-recited Act, and the Monies in such Certificates expressed or acknowledged to be due as such Purchase Monies as aforesaid were to be thereby charged upon the whole or such particular Portion as should be therein expressed of the Land Revenues of the Crown, other than Royal Palaces and Parks, and the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in the County of Middlesex and City of London respectively, and the Monies to be advanced by the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries upon the Security mentioned in the first-recited Act,

when received by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

were to be applied by them in paying off the Securities which; 4 might be granted by them upon the Land Revenues of the Crown under the Authority of the Act now in recital: And whereas the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

4 Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings proceeded to execute the first-recited Act, and have purchased and contracted to purchase Lands required for the Site of the said intended Park, and under the Powers and according to the Provisions contained in the secondly and thirdly recited Acts they have borrowed divers Sums of Money amounting together to the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and have agreed to borrow further Sums of Money by Instalments from Time to Time from the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries, upon Agreements to secure the Repayment of the Monies so borrowed and agreed to be borrowed, with Interest for the same, by Mortgage of the Lands and Hereditaments purchased and to be purchased for the Purposes of the first-recited Act, and the said Commissioners have likewise, in some Instances, granted Certificates of Charge upon the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Purchase Monies of Lands and Hereditaments bought by them for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act, and the Monies now remaining due on such Certificates amount altogether to the Principal Sum of Two thousand eight hundred and ninety-one Pounds, or thereabouts, and no Part of the Monies arising from the Sale of any of the Possessions of the Crown have been applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act: And whereas some Portions of the Land and Hereditaments required to form the said intended Park yet remain to be purchased by the said Commissioners, and it is expedient that the Time limited for the compulsory Purchase thereof should be extended, and that

563

A

564

So much of first-recited Act as enacts that Bat-tersea Park shall be Parcel of the Land Revenues of the Crown repealed.

C. 77. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT,

the Powers of the Commissioners for carrying the first-recited Act into execution should be enlarged as herein-after mentioned: And whereas it is expedient, and Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to consent, that the said intended Park to be called Battersea Park shall not continue to form Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, as directed by the first-recited Act, but shall be ceded by Her Majesty and vested in the Commissioners for carrying the first-recited Act and this Act into execution, for the Purposes after mentioned or referred to Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That so much and such Parts of the said first-recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign as empower the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to lay out and apply any Monies which may from Time to Time come into their Hands as such Commissioners as aforesaid from the Sale of any of the Possessions of the Crown in the Purchase of the Lands and Hereditaments required for the Purposes of the said Act, and in laying out and planting the same, and forming the Embankment and other Works in the said Act mentioned, and carrying the other Purposes of the said Act into execution, and so much and such Parts thereof as direct that such Lands and Hereditaments, when purchased, shall be conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and when so conveyed shall for ever thereafter be a Royal Park, and Part and Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of the Crown, and so much and such Parts thereof as enact that all Laws, Provisions, and Regulations in force or hereafter to be in force with respect to Royal Parks shall be taken to extend and apply to such Park, except that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being may, in such Manner as by Law is provided with regard to the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown not being Royal Parks, lease such Parts of the said intended Park as with such Consent and Approbation as therein mentioned they shall deem it expedient to lease, for the Purpose of Sites for Dwelling Houses or ornamental Buildings, and Offices and Gardens thereto annexed, and that all and every the Powera and Provisions with regard to Leases for the Purposes aforesaid to be made or granted by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown not being Royal Parks, shall extend to such Part or Parts of the said intended Park so to be leased as aforesaid, and 60 much and such Parts of the said Act as require Grants, Demises, and Mortgages, and Assignments thereof, to be inrolled in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and entered in the

(_J

Office

1851.

565

Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77.

Office of Woods, within Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and so much and such Parts of the said Act as enact that Embankments of the Shore and of the Ground and Soil of the River Thames, and Piers, Stairs, Hards, or Landing Places to be constructed as therein mentioned, shall be and remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for an Estate in Fee Simple, for the Purposes of the said Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. That so much and such Parts of the thirdly-recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign as empower the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to give Certificates of Charge upon the Land Revenues of the Crown for unpaid Purchase Monies of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Shares, Estates, or Interests therein or Charges thereon which have been or shall be agreed to be purchased under the Powers or for the Purposes of the stud first-recited Act, shall (subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to any such Certificates which shall have been already given by the said Commissioners) henceforth be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. That the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall from and after the passing of this Act, or, in the event of the Offices of Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues being separated from the Offices of Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Buildings, then the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings shall, from and after such Separation of Offices as aforesaid, be Commissioners for carrying the first-recited Act and this Act into execution, and shall be and they are hereby constituted a Corporation by the Name and Style of "The Battersea Park Commissioners," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and use a Common Seal, to be by them from Time to Time altered as they shall think fit, and shall and may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, and take and hold Lands and Hereditaments to them and their Successors for ever, and sell and dispose of any such Lands and Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act and this Act; and all Duties, Powers, Rights, Properties, Privileges, Immunities, and Authorities whatsoever which by the first-recited Act are imposed upon, vested in, or given to the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall, except as the same are altered or varied by this Act, be imposed upon, vested in, and given to, and performed, exercised, and enjoyed by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, in as full and ample Manner as if such Commissioners had been incorporated by the said first-recited Act, and had been thereby appointed Commissioners for carrying the same Act into execution.

Nn3 T^ThaL

So much of thirdly-recited Act as empowers Commissioners of Woods, &c. to grant Certificates of Charge upon the Land Revenues of the Crown repealed.

Appointment and Incorporation of Commissioners.

C. 77. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT.

Lands Tested in IV. That all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to're^the *B^ts and Interests in the same, which have been purchased Commissioner^ under the Powers or for the Purposes of the first-recited Act, and future ao- and which have been conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, quired lands to Her Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of the same them!11*6* 10 Act, an(^ Embankments of the Shore and of the Ground and Soil of the River Thames, and Piers, Stairs, Hards, and Landing Places, by the same Act directed to be and remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall from and after the passing of this Act be divested from Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and be vested in and held by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors; and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Rights and Interests, which have been contracted to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, and which have not yet been conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall hereafter be purchased or agreed to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or for enabling the said Commissioners to execute and carry into effect any Contract already entered into by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be conveyed and assured to and shall be held by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, subject nevertheless to any Mortgage or other Charge now affecting the said, Hereditaments or any of them; and the said Park shall be laid out and formed as by the said first-recited Act is directed, and in all respects for the Benefit of the Public, as the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, direct.

V. That the Right and Property of and in all ornamental and other Trees and Shrubs, Gates, Posts, and Rails, Fixtures, Materials, and Implements for enclosing, planting, and building, and for other Purposes, Materials of Buildings pulled down. Sheds, Utensils, and Goods and Chattels whatsoever, now belonging to Her Majesty, or to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in and upon the said Premises or any Part thereof, and all such like Articles and Things whatsoever which shall hereafter be acquired or provided under the Powers or for the Purposes of the first-recited Act or this Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act, or such future Acquisition thereof as aforesaid, be vested in and belong to the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, to be used, applied, and disposed of as they shall think fit.

ProvUiona of VI. That all the Provisions, Clauses, and Enactments in extracted to this first-recited Act contained with reference to the Com-

Act. missioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and with reference to making Orders and Regulations for opening and

closing

Goods and Chattels vested in Commis-

1851. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77. 567

closing the Gates and Entrances of the said Park, and the Appointment of Park Keepers and other Officers to preserve f Order therein, and to any other Acts, Deeds, Matters, or Things to be done or executed under the Authority of the same Act, shall (except in so far as the same Provisions or Enactments, or any of them, are by this Act repealed or altered,) extend and apply to the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, and to all Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things to be done or executed under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners hereby incorporated and appointed bad been incorporated and appointed in and by the said first-recited Act, and the several Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or required to be done or executed had been authorized or required to be done or executed by the said first-recited Act; and further, that all and every the Powers and Provisions by the said firstly and secondly herein-before recited Acts relating to the borrowing Monies from the said Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries, and the giving Securities for the same, shall be vested in and applicable to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors.

VII. That all Sums of Money which shall at the Time of Eogmgements of the passing of this Act be due and owing by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and AcutobcfuU Buildings, under or by virtue of the Provisions of the recited filled en-Acta or any of them, in so far as such Provisions are herein- ^n^gCom" before set forth or referred to, and all Interest due and to grow under this Act. due thereon respectively, shall be paid and discharged by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had become due and owing from the said last-mentioned Commissioners; and every Person and Body Corporate who shall at the Time of the passing of this Act owe or may become subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum of Money to Her Majesty, or to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or to any Pei* son for the Benefit of Her Majesty or the said Commissioners respectively, under the Provisions or for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or any of them, in so far as the same Provisions are herein-before set forth or referred to, shall be liable to the Payment of every such Sum of Money to the Commissioners hereby appointed and their Successors; and all Leases, Deeds,

Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities made or entered into by any Person to or with the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under or by virtue of the Provisions of any of the said recited Acts, in so far as the same Provisions are hereinbefore set forth or referred to, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity, until the same are fully satisfied and performed on

N n 4 t account

C. 77 Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT.

Power to ip-point Officers, and pay Salaries as Treasury shall approve.

Extension of Time for compulsory Purchase of Lands, See.

account of and for the Benefit of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, and shall be vested in the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and shall and may be enforced and recovered upon in any Action or Suit to be brought and carried on by and in the Name of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and their Successors; and all Leases, Deeds, Assignments, Securities, Contracts, or Agreements duly made or entered into by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall remain in full Force and Effect, and be observed and kept by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, according to the Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively, and shall and may be enforced and recovered upon in any Action or Suit to be brought against the said last-mentioned Commissioners.

VIII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, from Time to Time to appoint and remove Collectors, Superintendents, Clerks, and other Officers for the Execution of the first-recited Act and this Act, and to pay and allow to the Persons from Time to Time appointed or employed by them such Salaries or other Remuneration for their Services as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being* shall approve of.

IX. That the Time by the said first-recited Act limited for the compulsory Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues were thereby empowered to purchase shall be and the same is hereby renewed and extended for the Space of Two Years from the passing of this Act; and all and singular the Powers and Authorities by the said Act granted to or vested in the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to purchase, take, or use compulsorily any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof, or Rights or Interests therein, required for the Purposes of or included in the Schedule to the said Act, and the Royal Park thereby authorized to be made, shall and may be exercised by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, for the Space of Two Years from the passing of this Act: Provided always, that if, in the Opinion of the Referees or Jury by whom the Compensation to be paid in respect of any Lands herein-after mentioned is to be determined under the recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-eight, any Person interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments remaining to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act shall have sustained Injury or Damage by reason of the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not having been completed within the Period limited by the said recited Act, such Referees or J ury shall award Recompence or Compensation for such last-mentioned Injury or Damage, in addition to any other Recompence or Satisfaction to be awarded under the said Act.

X. That

1851. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77.

X. That it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, when and as they shall think fit, by Indenture or Indentures or other Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal, to demise and lease such Part and Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby vested in them, or which shall hereafter be vested in them or their Successors, as they shall think it expedient to let, either together or in Parcels, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Number of Years or any shorter Term, and either before or after the said Park shall have been formed, and notwithstanding the same or any Part thereof may be subsequently required for the Purposes of the said Park, and under such Conditions as they may think fit, and either at a Rent or without any Rent, but so that in every such Demise or Lease there fee contained a Covenant for the Payment of the Rent, if any shall be thereby reserved, and also such other Covenants on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee therein to be named as the said Commissioners shall reasonably require, and also a Clause in the Nature of a Condition of Re-entry on Nonpayment of the Rent (if any) thereby to be reserved, or on Nonperformance of the Covenants therein to be contained on the Part of the Tenant or Lessee to be observed and performed, and that the Lessee or Lessees named in each Indenture of Lease shall execute ' a Counterpart thereof; and on any such Lease the said Commissioners may, if they think fit, accept and take any Fine for the granting thereof, and may enter into any Agreement for the granting any Lease or Leases, on such Terms and Conditions as they may think fit, and on the granting the Leases in pursuance of such Agreements may alter the Amount of the Rents agreed to be reserved on such Leases, and may apportion the same, and grant separate Leases of any Part of the Hereditaments by any such Agreement agreed to be leased, as they may think fit, and may also, as they think fit, alter or rescind any Agreement as aforesaid, and may accept any Surrender of any Lease granted, for the Purpose of granting separate Leases of the same Premises at apportioned Rents, or under different Covenants, or otherwise, in all respects as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the Powers, Provisions, and Enactments in the said first-recited Act contained with respect to Leases and Agreements for Leases to be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, of Hereditaments comprised in any Mortgage made or to be made in pursuance of the said first-recited Act, and the Surrender and new Grant of such Leases, and with respect to the Rights of Distress and Entry of Mortgagees, shall extend and be applied to Leases and Agreements for Leases, and Surrenders and new Grants of Leases, of any mortgaged Hereditaments, which may be made, accepted, or granted by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, under the Authority of this Act, and to any Mortgages

669

Power to Commissioners to demise and lease Lends, &c.

670

C. 77. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT.

Commissioners empowered to sell Ground Rents.

gages which may be made by them, and to the Rights of Mortgagees thereunder, or under Mortgages already mader Provided nevertheless, that if the said Commissioners shall accept and take any Fine for the granting of any such Lease as last aforesaid, every such Fine shall be paid and applied by them in satisfaction, as far as the same will extend, of the Mortgages or other Incumbrances subsisting on the Hereditaments comprised in any such Lease, according to their respective Priorities.

XL That as soon as conveniently may be after any Land or Ground shall have been let for Building Purposes, and either before or after the Houses, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built thereon, or any of them, shall be finished and completed, and either before or after the Leases thereof shall have been actually granted, the said Commissioners and their Successors shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of or cause to be sold and disposed of the Ground Rents to be reserved by the Lease or Demise or Leases or Demises in pursuance or in consideration of which the same Houses respectively shall have been erected and built or shall be agreed to be erected and built, and also the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee Simple in possession (subject to such Lease or Demise, or Leases or Demises, Agreement or Agreements,) of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground thereby demised or agreed to be demised, and such Houses and other Buildings thereon, either altogether or in Parcels, by Public Auction or Private Contract, for such Price or Prices, or Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and subject to such Stipulations and Provisions as to the Enjoyment thereof, and as to the Nature of the Buildings which are to be at all Times erected and built thereon, and also subject to such Stipulations as to the Title to be produced to the Hereditaments to be sold, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and as regards any Stipulations or Provisions which may be contained in any such Conveyance, the same may at all Times thereafter be enforced in a Court of Equity by the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Benefit of the Public, or of the Parties entitled to the other Property adjoining or held under the same Title, in such Manner in all respects as the said Commissioners may think fit; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered, at the Costs and Charges of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the same Premises respectively, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be given for the same respectively, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal, to convey and assure the Piece or Parcel of Ground or Pieces or Parcels of Ground so purchased by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, together with the Houses, Erections, and Buildings then erected and built or to be erected and built thereon respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, with the Appurtenances, to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or as he or they

iwaai* re'p"t'velj '

571

Batter*ea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77.

respectively shall in that Behalf order or direct, free from all Incumbrances, including any Mortgage or Agreement for Mortgage then charged thereon (except the Building Lease or Building Leases, or Agreement or Agreements for Building Lease or-Building Leases to be granted thereof by virtue of this Act); and the Monies to be received on any such Sale or Sales shall be in the first place applied in the same Manner as is hereinbefore declared with respect to any Monies to be paid as the Fine for any Lease to be granted as aforesaid, and all Conveyances and Leases which shall be made as aforesaid, pursuant to the Authority hereby in them reposed, shall be adjudged sufficient to vest such Estate in the Purchaser or Lessee, or otherwise, as shall have been agreed for, or shall be expressed or meant and intended to be conveyed and granted by any such Conveyance or Lease.

XII.That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to Power to Com. sell and dispose of in manner aforesaid, and absolutely to grant and convey, any Part or Parts of any of the Hereditaments notrequSed which have been or may be acquired under the Powers of the for the Park, said first-recited Act or of this Act, and which shall not be wanted or which they shall not deem it expedient to retain for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act, and which they shall not think proper to let on Building Leases as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to such Stipulations and Conditions as they may think fit, and thereupon the same shall be conveyed and assured by the said Commissioners as they shall think fit.

XIII. That no Purchase, Lease, Agreement for Lease, or Purchases, Sale, to be made by the said Commissioners, shall be made, Sale *, &c. not to except with the Assent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer

or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High of the Treasury. Treasurer of the United Kingdom; but it shall not be necessary for any Purchaser or Lessee to ascertain that such Consent has been given as aforesaid, nor shall the said Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Purchaser or Lessee any Evidence of such Assent: Provided nevertheless, that such Assent may be given either generally for any Class of Cases, or for any particular Purchase, Lease, or Agreement for Lease, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer as aforesaid shall seem meet.

XIV. That out of any Monies raised under the Powers or Provision for applicable to the Purposes of the first-recited Act, which at the se^e»on^h« Time of the passing of this Act shall be in the Bank of England Land Revenues or in any other Bank, placed to the Credit of any Account under of the Crown, the Control of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the first place, to pay off and discharge all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then due and owing upon the Security of any Certificate of Charge upon the Land Revenues of the Crown granted under the Powers of the thirdly-recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's

QoJeign,

C. 77. Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. 14 & 15 VICT.

Receipts of Commissioners to be sufficient Discharges.

Application of Monies.

i

Reign, and the Interest thereof; or if any such Sum or Sums of Money shall not be then due, and the Person entitled thereto shall not be willing to receive the same before it is due, then the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to reserve and retain such Sum and Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof, until due, and to pay the same to the Person or Persons entitled thereto at the Time fixed by any such Certificate of Charge for the Payment thereof; and the Residue or Surplus of all such Monies as aforesaid shall be paid or transferred to the Credit of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act and this Act; provided that if at the Time of the passing of this Act the Monies under the Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, which have been raised under or are applicable to the Purposes of the first-recited Act, shall not be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all such Certificates of Charge upon the Land Revenues of the Crown as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, the Deficiency of such Monies shall be supplied and made good and be paid to the said last-mentioned Commissioners, by the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, out of the first Monies which the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, shall receive by way of Loan from the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries, or otherwise, under the Provisions of the recited Acts and this Act, or any of them.

XV. That the Receipts in Writing of any Two of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, and, after the Separation of the Offices of Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues from the Offices of Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Buildings, the Receipt in Writing of the First Commissioner for the Time being of Her Majesty's Works and Buildings, for any Monies payable to the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, under or by virtue of the recited Acts or this Act or any of them, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same to the Person or Body paying the same.

XVI. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the Commissioners hereby appointed and their Successors by way of Loan, or from any Sales authorized to be made by them, or by way of Fine or Consideration for granting any Lease or rescinding any Contract, or by way of Penalty or Forfeiture, and also the Rents and Profits of all Lands and Hereditaments vested or to be vested in them under the Provisions of this Act in the meantime and until the same shall be sold, and all other Monies which shall come into their Hands by virtue of this Act, shall, after Payment of the Costs and Charges of this Act, and such Sale and Sales as aforesaid, be applied, in the first place, in Satisfaction and Discharge of the before-mentioned Securities upon the Land Revenues of the Crown, and the Interest thereof and, subject thereto, in the

Purchase

573

Battersea Park Amendment and Extension. Cap. 77.

Purchase of such of the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the Schedule to the first-recited Act as yet remain to be purchased, and in making, forming, and maintaining the Park by the said Act authorized to be made and maintained, and in carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act or any of them into execution, and also in Payment and Satisfaction of all Principal Monies and Interest which under the Authority of the recited Acts and this Act shall have been charged upon the said Lands and Hereditaments or any of them, or raised or borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or any of them, and the Residue or Surplus of all such Monies as aforesaid shall be applied to the Creation of a Fund for Improvements in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood, and shall from Time to Time be invested in the Purchase of Stock in some of the Public Stocks or Funds of Great Britain, or upon Government or Real Securities at Interest, in the Names of the said Commissioners and their Successors, and the Interest and Dividends of all and singular the Stocks, Funds, and Securities upon which such Monies or any Part thereof shall from Time to Time be invested shall in like Manner be invested from Time to Time in the Names of the said Commissioners and their Successors, for the Purpose of Accumulation, in the meantime and until the said Fund shall be required for and appropriated by Parliament to the Execution of Improvements in the Metropolis or its Neighbourhood.

XVII. That the said Commissioners and their Successors shall from Time to Time render and give an Account to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being of all Monies which shall be raised or received by them under or by virtue of the Provisions of the recited Acts and this Act as aforesaid, and of the Application of all such Monies; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized to examine or cause to be examined every such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof to signify their Approbation at the Foot of such Account, and to transmit and return the same, so approved, to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors; and every Account, so approved and signed as aforesaid, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said last-mentioned Commissioners for or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. That all the Powers and Authorities which under the said thirdly-recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign are vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for making from Time to Time Rules and

I Regulations,

Commissioner* to account.

Powers of Treasury under 11 & 12 Vict. c. 102., to regulate the Accounts of the Commissioners

574 Cap. 78. Coaltohippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

of Wood *, &c., Regulations, and General and Special Orders, with respect to the to be applied to Receipt and Payment of Monies by or on behalf of the Com-the CommU- of missioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, sioner* under Works, and Buildings, the Persons to be employed in conducting this Act such Receipts and Payments, and the Manner, Form, and Place in which the Accounts of such Receipts and Payments shall be kept, and with respect to the Payment and Transfer of Monies from and into any general or special, particular or separate Account of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and with respect to the Form in which Cheques or Orders for the Payment of Monies placed to any Account of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall be drawn, and with respect to the Appointment of Persons to draw such Cheques or Orders in the Names of such Commissioners* and to countersign such Cheques, shall extend and be applicable and be exercised concerning the like Matters in relation to the Commissioners under this Act, in the same Manner as if the Provisions of the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, concerning such Powers and Authorities, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, were in every Case substituted for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

l& 2 Vict. c.!01. c

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue and amend an Act for establishing an Office for the Benefit of the Coalwhippers of the Port of London.

[7th A ugust 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parlia-

f ment held in the First and Second Years of the Reign (of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter c Seventy-six, for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals

in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, and Berkshire: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and

Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter

One hundred and one, to continue the last-mentioned Act for 8 & 9 Vict. c.ioi. Seven Years: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session

(of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and

one, to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Acts for regulating the Vend

and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties, and to alter and amend

«& 7 Vict. c.ioi. the said Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one.

575

Coalwhippers {Pott of London). Cap. 78.

f for establishing an Office for the Benefit of Coalwhippers of the Port of London, and for staying certain Actions in respect of Fitters Certificates: And whereas an Act was passed in

the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, to

continue to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, and to amend, the said Act for establishing an c Office for the Benefit of Coalwhippers of the Port of London:

And whereas the said last-mentioned Act will expire at the c End of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the same should be renewed and amended; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Eoral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and y the Authority of the same,

I. That from and immediately after the End of this present Session of Parliament it shall be lawful for the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations to appoint Three fit and proper Persons as Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution, of whom One shall be a Shipowner of the Port of London engaged in the Coasting Coal Trade, and from Time to Time to remove any Person who shall have been so appointed by them, and also from Time to Time to fill up any Vacancy which shall occur in the Number of the Commissioners so appointed by them, either by reason of Removal, Resignation, Death, or otherwise.

II. That from and immediately after the End of this present Session of Parliament it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London to appoint One other fit and proper Person to be a Commissioner for carrying this Act into execution, and also for the Committee of the Coal Factors Society of London to appoint One other fit and proper Person for that Purpose, and also for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and for the said Committee respectively, from Time to Time to remove any Person so appointed by them, and also in the event of any Vacancy in the Office of the Commissioners so appointed by them respectively, either by Removal, Resignation, Death, or otherwise, to fill up such Vacancy.

III. That the said several Persons who shall be so from Time to Time respectively appointed by the said Lords of the said Committee of Privy Council, and by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, and by the said Committee of the Coal Factors Society of London as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution, and shall be styled " Commissioners for the Registration and Regulation of Coalwhippers in the Port of London."

IV. Provided always, That the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the

9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict. c.S6.

T.

Government of Coalwhippers

Board of Trade may appoint Three Commissioners, and may remove them, and fill up Vacancies.

The Corporation of London and the Chairman of the Coal Factors Sqpiety may each appoint One Commissioner, and may remove him, and supply Vacancies.

Style of Commissioners.

Commissioners appointed under 9 «e 10 Vicfce.S6. to remain in

Office until removed.

Existing Contracts to remain in force.

Meetings of Commissioners.

Quorum.

Chairman to be appointed every Year.

PresidingChair-man to have a Casting Vote. Powers of Commissioners vested in the Board.

Proceedings of Board to be entered in a Book.

Cap. 78. Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, shall continue and be Commissioners for carrying this Act into execution until Commissioners shall have been appointed by the said Lords of the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, and by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, and by the said Committee of the Coal Factors Society, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act

V. That all Contracts, Covenants, Agreements, Engagements, and Securities which at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall have been entered into or given to or by the said Commissioners, dr any Registrar, Branch Registrar, Clerk, or other Officer or Servant appointed by the Commissioners under the Authority of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, shall continue, and may be enforced* in the same Manner as if the same had been entered into or given under the Authority of this Act.

VI. That the Commissioners acting under or by virtue of this Act, or any Three of them, shall meet at such Time and Place as the Five Commissioners to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, or the greater Number of them, shall direct, by Notice in Writing signed by the greater Number of the Commissioners; and such Meeting shall be called a Board of Commissioners; and all Boards of the Commissioners shall be held, from Time to Time, at such Time and Place and upon such Notice as may be resolved upon by Rules or Regulations of any Board for that Purpose: Provided always, that every Board of Commissioners shall consist of not less than Three Commissioners.

VII. That at the First Meeting of the Commissioners in every Year they shall elect, by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners present, some One Commissioner to be the Chairman of the Commissioners for the Remainder of the Year; and in case at any Meeting of the Commissioners the Chairman shall not be present, the Commissioners then present shall elect a Chairman for that Meeting; and all Questions shall be deter* mined by the Votes of the Majority of the Commissioners present at the Board, including the presiding Chairman; and in case of an Equality of Votes the presiding Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

VIII. That all and every the Powers and Authorities and Duties by this Act vested in or imposed upon the Commissioners shall be exercised by the Board of Commissioners, and the Decision or Resolution of any Board shall be deemed to be the Decision and Resolution of the Commissioners.

IX. That all Orders and Proceedings of any Board of Commissioners shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Registrar, Clerk, or other Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and shall be signed by the Commissioner who shall preside as Chairman at such Board.

X. That

185L

Coalwhippers (Por London).

Cap. 78.

577

II.

Coalwhippers

Register.

X. That the Commissioners may sue and be sued in all Commissioner* Actions, Suits, and other Proceedings in the Name of the Registrar for the Time being, and that no Action, Suit, or Name of the Process shall abate or be stayed by reason of the Death or Registrar. Removal of any such Registrar, but the Registrar for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Party, Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be: Provided always, that all Costs, Charges, and Expenses which may be incurred by the said Registrar in any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be repaid to him by the Commissioners out of the Monies applicable by them to the Purposes of this Act.

XI. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby required to provide and keep, at some convenient Place in the City of London, or on the Banks of that Part of the River Thames which for the Purposes of this Act is to be Commissioner* deemed within the Port of London, One or more Book or Books ^and^int for registering of Coalwhippers in the Port of London, and also Registrar! to appoint some fit and proper Person to be the Registrar

thereof, with such Salary or Remuneration, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds per Annum, as they may think reasonable, and as the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council may approve, and to regulate the Duties of the Office of Registrar, and to supply any Vacancy in the said Office caused by Death, Resignation, or by such Removal, as herein-after is mentioned, or otherwise.

XII. That the Registrar so appointed shall and he is hereby Register to required, from Time to Time, upon the Application of any Person desirous of following or continuing to follow the Employ- whippers; ment of a Coalwhipper, and upon Payment of such Fee (not exceeding Fourpence) as shall be prescribed in that Behalf

under the Authority of this Act, to enter or cause to be entered in the said Registry the Christian and Surname, the Age, and Place of Abode, and any other Particulars required under the Authority of this Act of any Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall follow the Employment of a Coalwhipper, and who shall at the Time of such Application be desirous of continuing therein, and of any other able-bodied Male Person whatever who shall be desirous of entering on the said Employment; and immediately upon such Entry being Ccnifirati^and made the said Registrar shall, without any further Fee or Re- to renew the ward, deliver or cause to be delivered to every Person so and to registered a Certificate of such Entry having been made, and teTaccord^ to of the Number, Date, and Particulars thereof; and the said the Act 8 Registrar shall from Time to Time, upon Payment of such Fee as shall be prescribed in such Cases as shall be mentioned in that Behalf respectively, under the Authority of this Act, renew or cause to be renewed such Certificate; and the said Registrar shall at all Times and in all respects keep or cause to be kept the said Register, in accordance with the Provisions and Regulations to be established under the Authority of this Act: Provided always, that where any Person shall Where a Person

m

registered he need not be again registered.

Cap. 78.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Register to be Evidence.

Entry and Certificate not subject to Stamp Duty.

Penalty on Persons making Misrepresentations.

No Person to follow the Employment of a Coalwhipper unless he be registered, and have a Certificate.

have been duly registered as a Coalwhipper under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, and shall be in possession of a valid Certificate of his Registration, such Person shall not be required to be again registered under the Provisions of this Act, but his Registration shall be as effectual as if made under such Provisions, and the same, and the Certificate thereof, shall be subject to the same Regulations and Provisions as if the Registration had been made and the Certificate granted under this Act.

XIII. That in all Courts, and before any Justices of the Peace, and upon all Occasions whatever, the Entries made or contained in such Register shall be received as Evidence, and be deemed sufficient Proof of all Matters and Things therein registered or contained, without any further Proof than the Production of such Register; and any Person shall be at liberty to inspect any such Register during the Hours of Attendance at the Office, without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and that the Entries in such Register, and the Certificates to be delivered under this Act, and the Contracts made for the Discharge of Coals by Coalwhippers registered and sent from the Coalwhippers Office under this Act, and the Receipts given for Wages under the Provisions of this Act, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty; and that if any Person applying to be registered under this Act, or procuring or attempting to procure any such Certificate, shall make any false Representation in regard to his Name, Age, or Place of Abode, or if he shall not truly answer all Questions which shall be demanded of him in relation to such Application or Certificate, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and that if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or falsify, or act or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or falsifying, any Entry or Certificate of Registry or any other Document to be made or given in pursuance of this Act, the Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or by both, such Imprisonment to be in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, and either with or without Hard Labour, as the Court shall think fit; and it shall be lawful for any Person to detain any such Certificate, and for any Peace Officer to seize and take away any such Certificate, in order that the dame may be produced in Evidence against the Offender, or be disposed of as the said Registrar shall think proper.

XIV. That it shall not be lawful for any Person, except such Persons and in such Cases as in this Act provided, to follow or exercise the Employment of a Coalwhipper, or to labour in the Discharge by the Process of whipping of the Cargo of any Vessels laden with Coals in the Port of London, unless such Person shall be registered as a Coalwhipper, and shall have a Certificate under this Act, and then remaining in force; and if

"y

Coalwlrippers (Port of London).

Cap. 78.

any Person not so registered, or not having such Certificate, except as aforesaid, shall follow or exercise the said Employment, or shall labour as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds: Provided always, nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being actually Part of the Crew of any Vessel in the Port of London, to labour in the Discharge of Coals by whipping or otherwise from the same or any other Vessel, and also for the actual Servants or Labourers of the bona fide Owner of any Vessel laden with Coals, or Owner or Purchaser of the Cargo thereof, to discharge by the Process of whipping the Cargo or any Part thereof, such Servants or Labourers having been bona fide engaged in the Service of such Owner or Purchaser for a Period not less than Six consecutive working Days immediately preceding the Day on which they shall be employed to discharge such Cargo or Part thereof, and also for the actual Servants or Labourers of the several Dock Companies having Docks near to the River Thames, such Servants or Labourers having been bona fide engaged in the Service of such respective Companies for a Period not less than Six consecutive working Days immediately previous to the Day on which they shall be employed to discharge such Cargo or Part thereof, to labour oh the Discharge of Coals by the Process of whipping from any Vessels in the Docks of such Companies respectively, and such Crews, Servants, and Labourers may so labour, with or without the Aid of any Person being a registered Coalwhipper.

XV. And for the Purpose of providing a Head Office and convenient Branch Offices and Stations for the Resort of Coai-whippers in the Port of London, and the Deposit of the Implements and Tackle required in that Business, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayors Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, at the Request of the Commissioners, to be signified by a Resolution of their Board signed by the Chairman, at any Time or Times and from Time to Time to treat and agree for the hiring or renting of, and to hire or rent, any Buildings, Ground, and Hereditaments as the Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and also to adapt and fit up the same for Offices and Stations for the Resort of Coalwhippers, and for the Deposit of the Tackle and Implements required in that Employment, and for the Transaction of the Business of the Commissioners under this Act, and also from Time to Time to repair and maintain the Buildings and Premises so required and held by virtue of this Act, and also at any Time or Times, at the Request of the Commissioners, to be signified by a Resolution of their Board, signed by their Chairman, to remove any of the said Offices or Stations to any other Situation or Place which the Commissioners shall deem more convenient: Provided always, that in case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, after such Request of the Commissioners, signified as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to comply with such Request, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from

679

Coalwhipper *

Register.

Exception in the Favour of the Crews of Ships, and of the actual Servants or Labourers of the Owner of the Vessel or Purchaser of the Coals* and of Dock Companies.

III.

Coahohippert

Office.

Corporation of London may hire Lands and Buildings for Offices and Stations, and re- 4 move the same at Request of the Commissioners.

Coalwhippen Office.

Commissioners to provide Tackle for the Use of Vessels discharging Cargoes.

Penalt^on other Persons letting out Tackle or other Implements.

Nothing to pieent Owners, &c. from using their own Tackle.

Commissioners to appoint Officers, and award such Salaries as Board of Trade shall approve of.

Cap. 78. Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Time to Time to rent or hire any Buildings, Ground, and Hereditaments, and to adapt and fit up*the same for the Purposes aforesaid, and also from Time to Time to repair and maintain the same, and to remove any of the said Offices or Stations to any other Situation or Place.

XVI. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide and keep from Time to Time such Stages, Planks, Gins, Baskets, Shovels, and other Tackle and Implements as are commonly used in the Discharge of Cargoes of Coals, and of such Description and in such Quantities as they shall think sufficient, and to supply to such Ships as may require the same such Tackle and Implements, upon Payment of such Sum for the Use thereof as may be fixed by the Commissioners, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Cargo when the Vessel is of Two hundred and fifty Tons Burden or upwards, and not exceeding Five Shillings per Cargo when the Vessel is of less Burden than Two hundred and fifty Tons; and if any Person whomsoever shall let out to hire or permit to be used for the Discharge of the Coals from any Vessel by registered Coalwhippers engaged from the Coalwhippers Office under this Act any Tackle or Implements to or by any Person (except on behalf of the Coalwhippers Office), every Person so letting out to hire or permitting to be used any such Tackle or Implements shall for each and every Occasion of letting out to hire or permitting to be used the same forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Master, of any Vessel laden with Coals in the Port of London from using such of the aforesaid Tackle and Implements as may be required and as may belong to the Owner of such Vessel, notwithstanding the Cargo of such Vessel shall be discharged by Coalwhippers engaged from the Coalwhippers Office, or shall prevent any such Master from hiring, or any Person whomsoever from letting out to hire, any such Tackle or Implements as aforesaid, in any Case in which such Vessel shall be lawfully unladen according to the Provisions of this Act by Persons not being registered Coalwhippers.

XVII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to appoint such and so many Branch Registrars, Clerks, and other Officers and Servants as they may think necessary for carrying this Act into execution, with such Salaries and Allowances as they may think reasonable, and as the said Lords of the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council shall approve, and to supply Vacancies among them caused by such Removal as herein-after is mentioned, or by Death, Resignation, or otherwise: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lords of the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council from Time to Time to remove the Registrar, Branch Registrars, Clerks, and other Officers and Servants appointed by the Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and any Person so removed shall not be afterwards appointed to any Office or Situation under ^this Act without the Consent of the Lords of the said

Committee:

1851.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). Cap. 78.

581

Committee: Provided always, that the present Registrar, Branch Registrars, Clerks, and other Officers shall continue in Office until they shall respectively die or resign or be removed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And whereas, in order to secure the Objects of this IV.

Act, it is expedient to make certain Provisions respecting the Coalwhipping.

4 Discharge of the Cargoes of Vessels laden with Coals in the where Cargo to Port of London: Be it therefore enacted, That the Master be discharged by or Mate of every Vessel laden with Coals the whole or Part of Coalwhippers, the Cargo whereof it shall be intended to discharge in the Port appf^to the*0 of London by Coalwhippers, or some other Person, on behalf of Coalwhippers the Master, shall make Application in Writing to the Head office *

Office or the nearest Branch Office of Coalwhippers, stating the certificated Quantity of Coals, and if only Part of the Cargo is wanted, the Quantity of Coals required to be discharged, and the Time at which he desires that the Discharge of such Coals shall commence, and the Time within which it shall be completed, and the Rate per Ton which he agrees to pay for the Discharge thereof.

XIX. That the Clerk or other Officer appointed under this Act, upon every such Application for Coalwrhippers as aforesaid, Employment of shall forthwith give Notice of the Application to the Gangs of Coalwhippers in Coalwhippers in attendance at the Office where such Applica- Ve*-

tion shall have been made, and, in case several Gangs shall offer to unload the Cargo mentioned in the Application at the Price named, shall permit the Gangs in attendance to tender to unload the Cargo at any lower Price, and shall select for the Performance of the Work the Gang who shall offer the lowest Terms; 1

and in case of no such lower Tender, or of Equality of Tenders, the Gang who, according to the Byelaws of the Commissioners, shall stand next in rotation for Employment, and shall be willing to accept the same, shall be so selected; and if no Gang shall be willing to accept the Terms proposed in such Application, the said Clerk or other Officer shall permit the Gangs in attendance to tender to unload the Cargo mentioned in the Application at any higher Price, and shall select for the Performance of the Work (subject to the Consent of the Master or other Person making the Application) the Gang who shall offer the lowest Terms, and in case of Equality of Tenders the Gang who shall stand next in such Rotation for Employment as aforesaid; and the said Clerk or other Officer shall forthwith, by Notification in Writing, acquaint the Master or other Person as aforesaid making the Application with the Price (if any) at which the selected Gang has agreed to perform the Work, or (as the Case may be) with the Fact that no Gang is willing to perform the Work: Provided always, that such Notification in Writing shall be given to the Master or other Person making the Application within a Quarter of an Hour after the Receipt of the Application by the Clerk or other Officer of the Coalwhippers Office, if such Master or other Person shall still be in attendance at the Office, but if he shall have previously

Coalwhipping.

Clerk to send a proper Gang with Tackle to the Vessel to be unladen.

Penalt j on Master not permitting Vessels to be discharged.

Penalty on Shipmaster employing non-registered Persons as Coal-whippers.

Shipmaster may employ Crews of Colliers to discharge the Coals by the Process of whipping.

Cap. 78.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

quitted the Office, then as soon afterwards as he shall apply for the Information: Provided also, that such Notification in Writing shall in all Proceedings in any Court, or before any Justice of the Peace, against any Party, for employing Persons not being registered Coalwhippers, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, be received as Evidence, and be deemed sufficient Proof of the Price at which the Gang therein referred to have offered to perform the Work therein mentioned, or (as the Case may be) of the Fact that no Gang has offered to perform the Work therein mentioned.

XX. That the said Clerk or other Officer shall send and he is hereby required to send, within One Hour of the Time appointed in such Application for the Discharge of such Coals, the Gang or Part of a Gang of Coalwhippers who shall have been so selected as aforesaid, with the necessary Tackle and Implements, if required, to the Vessel to be unladen, for the discharging of the Cargo or Part thereof; and if such Clerk or other Officer shall neglect or refuse, on such Application, to send such Gang or Part of a Gang, with such Tackle and Implements, and within such Time as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXI. That the Master or other Person having the Charge of the Vessel in respect of which the Application for the Discharge of Coals shall have been so made as aforesaid shall permit the same to be discharged by the Coalwhippers sent from the Coalwhippers Office, according to the Provisions herein contained; and if any Master or other Person shall prevent; obstruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent, the Discharge of such Coals being proceeded in and completed by the Coalwhippers sent from the Coalwhippers Office in consequence of Such Application, or shall wilfully obstruct or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case the Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXII. That if the Master of any such Vessel as aforesaid, or any other Person, shall employ, or permit or suffer to be employed, any Person, not being a Coalwhipper registered and sent from the Coalwhippers Office under this Act, (except such Persons or in such Cases as are mentioned in the Provisoes herein-after contained,) to labour in the Discharge of the Coals from such Vessel, or of any Part thereof, by the Process of whipping, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Master or other Person having the Charge of any such Vessel as aforesaid to employ in the Discharge of Coals therefrom, by the Process of whipping, any Persons, being actually Part of the Crew thereof, or of any other Vessel in the Port of London, and also for the bona fide Owner of any Vessel laden with Coals, or Owner or Purchaser of the Cargo thereof, to employ his actual Servants or Labourers, having been bona fide engaged in his Service for a Period not less than

1851* Coalwhippers (Port of London) Cap. 78.

Six consecutive working Days immediately preceding the Day on which they shall be employed to discharge such Cargo, to labour in the Discharge of such Cargo by whipping, and also for the several Dock Companies herein-before mentioned to employ such their Servants and Labourers as aforesaid to labour in the Discharge of Coals by the Process of whipping from any Vessel which shall be in the respective Docks of the said Companies respectively, and to make Application for and obtain in the Manner herein-before mentioned the Services of a sufficient Number of Coal whippets, although less than a complete Gang, to assist the Persons so employed: Provided always, that it shall be lawftil for the Master or other Person having the Charge of any such Vessel as aforesaid to employ Persons, not being registered Coalwhippers, to discharge such Coals by whipping, in the following Cases; (that is to say,) in case he shall not within the Time within which the Clerk or other Officer is hereinbefore required to send a Gang of Coalwhippers for the Discharge of such Coals be supplied with such Gang, and such requisite Implements and Tackle, as are mentioned in his Application; or in case he shall receive from such Clerk or Other Officer such Notification as aforesaid that no Gang of Coalwhippers have declared themselves willing to discharge such Coals at the Price named in his Application; and the several Persons, not being registered Coalwhippers, who shall be employed in the before-mentioned Cases, shall not be liable to the Penalties herein-before imposed upon non-registered Persons for discharging Coals from Vessels by whipping: Provided nevertheless, that if such Clerk or other Officer shall state in such Notification that a Gang of Coalwhippers are willing to discharge such Coals at some stated Price per Ton higher than that named in such Application, and such Master or other Person shall not agree to such higher Price, it shall not be lawful for such Master or other Person to pay for the Discharge of such Coals a greater Price than that which is so stated in such Application, or allow any other Advantage, for the Discharge of such Coals, than the Terms mentioned in that Behalf in such Application; and if he shall pay any greater Price, or shall allow any other Advantage, for the Discharge of the said Coals, he shall be liable to forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIII. That immediately after the Discharge of the Cargo or the Part thereof undertaken to be discharged by the Coalwhippers sent from the Coalwhippers Office shall have been finished, the Master of the Vessel in which they were employed, or such other Person as aforesaid, shall pay to some Person authorized by the Commissioners the full Hire and Wages due in respect of the Labour of such Coalwhippers, and the Charge for Baulk Days by reason of Detention, and for the Hire of Tackle fif any), in current Money of the United Kingdom; and in default thereof the Master or such other Person as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

583

Coohohippiing *

Shipmaster may employ non-registered Coalwhippers in certain Cases.

[Proviso.]

After Discharge of Cargo, Shipmaster to pay Wages to the Person authorized from Coalwhippers Office to receive the same.

jCoalwhipping.

So much of l& 2 Vict. c.lO:. as relates to the Payment of Wages repealed.

Recovery of Wages, &c.

Cap. 78.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Person authorized by Commissioners shall pay the Coalwhippers the Wages due to them, after making the requisite Deductions.

[Penalty.]

Application of Fractions.

V.

Regulations,

Commissioners to make Byelaws for the Go-

Ten Pounds; and so much of the said Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, as relates to the Payment of the Wages of Persons employed in the Discharge or Delivery of Coals from Vessels laden therewith in the Port of London, shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall not be compellable to pay such Hire or Wages except on board the Vessel.

XXIV. That all Money due for Labour performed, and for the Hire of Tackle, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, or of this Act, and for Baulk Days by reason of Detention, shall be recoverable in like Manner and in all respects as Seamen's Wages, except by any Suit or Proceeding in the Admiralty Court.

XXV. That the Person so authorized as aforesaid by the Commissioners shall receive the Money to be paid as Hire or Wages for the Labour of the Coalwhippers so discharging the Cargo or Part thereof of such Vessel as aforesaid, and for Baulk Days, and for the Hire of Tackle (if any), and shall forthwith pay the same at the nearest Head Office or Brauch Office to the Clerk or other Person appointed by the Commissioners to receive the same; and if any such authorized Person as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay the Money received by him as aforesaid at the Time and Place aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Clerk or other Person so appointed as aforesaid by the Commissioners, after deducting therefrom the Sum or Proportion prescribed under the Authority of this Act, not exceeding One Farthing in each Shilling, shall forthwith pay and divide the Residue of the Monies so received for Wages and Baulk Days to and among the Coalwhippers so employed, without any other Deduction or Abatement, except as herein-after mentioned, and without imposing any Terras or Conditions whatever; and if any such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid shall make any other Deduction than as aforesaid, or shall impose any Terms or Conditions on making such Payment, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sura not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And whereas in dividing the Monies aforesaid Fractions undivisible in the usual Coin of the Realm will occasion ally occur:' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to deduct and retain such undivisible Fractions, and to distribute the same for the Benefit of the registered Coalwhippers as the Commissioners shall see fit, and that an Account shall be kept of the same, to be called the " Fraction Fund."

XXVII. And for better carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make, when and as they shall deem necessary, Byelaws and Regulations for keeping the Register by this Act established, 'and prescribing the Testimonials, Proofs,

and

1851. Coalwhippers (Port of London). Cap. 78. 585

and Particulars to be required of Persons before or upon Be- vermnent of the gistration therein, and settling the Terms of Entry therein, and CwNdiipperi of the Certificates to be delivered, and fixing the Fees, not ment oft^" exceeding in any Case the Sum of Fourpence for any such Offices. Registration or renewed Certificate, to be paid for Registration and renewed Certificates under this Act, and for fixing the Amount, not exceeding the Sum herein-before limited, of the Deduction to be made out of such Hire or Wages for the Purposes of this Act, and for the settling of Demands, the paying in and withdrawing of Monies, the Payment of Orders, and the Disposal of Funds, and the keeping, auditing, and Publication of Accounts under this Act, and for determining the Time of Attendance of the Coalwhippers at the Coalwhippers Office or its Branches, their Division into Gangs, and the Rotation of their Employment, and for securing the due Performance on the Part of the Coalwhippers of their Contracts to discharge Coals, with reference to the Time, Price, and other Terms specified in each such Application as aforesaid, for the Completion of the Discharge of the Cargo or Parts of Cargoes, as well as in other respects, and for annulling such Contracts in case of their Misbehaviour or other sufficient Cause, and for promptly substituting other Coalwhippers in such Cases for the Fulfilment of such Contracts, and for the Guidance, Government, and Control in all respects of the Coalwhippers certificated, and for the Management of the Offices and Stations established and the Officers and Servants appointed under this Act, and for securing the due Performance of the Contracts entered into by Masters of Ships and other Persons employing Coalwhippers or hiring Tackle under this Act, and for carrying this Act into execution, and to impose the Suspension or Forfeiture of the Employment of Coalwhippers, or of any Office or Place created under this Act, or to fix any reasonable Penalties (not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any Offence) for the Breach or Non-observance of any such Byelaw or Regulation, and from Time to Time by any other Byelaw or Regulation to rescind, suspend, alter, or vary any Byelaw or Regulation by them made: Pro- Proposed Bye-vided always, that the Commissioners shall submit all Byelaws lay* to be sub-and Regulations proposed to be made by them to the Lords of,

the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, for their °*T

Consideration and Supervision, and shall receive and consider any Amendments which they may suggest therein; and One Publication of Week after such Submission the Commissioners shall cause a Byelaws as Copy of such proposed Byelaws and Regulations to be publicly of

affixed in some conspicuous Place in the Coal Market, and (if Trade, the same shall be established) in the Head Coalwhippers Office in London; and if such proposed Byelaws and Regulations shall be sanctioned by the Lords of the said Committee without Alteration, or if the Amendments which they shall suggest therein shall be adopted, or if the said Committee shall fail to express an Opinion on the Byelaws and Regulations to them submitted within the Space of Four Weeks next after such

Submission,

686

Regulations.

Board of Trade to notify Sanction, Disapproval, or Amendment within Four Weeks.

Time when Byelaws to come in force.

Penalty on Commissioners being interested in any Contract.

VI.

Legal

Proceedings.

Recovery and Application of Fines and Penalties not exceeding 2 51.

If Penalties not paid, the same

Cap. 78; Coalwhippers (Pott of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Submission, the Commissioners shall make public such Byelaws And Regulations, by the Advertisement thereof onoe in the London Gazette, and by affixing Copies thereof in some conspicuous Place or Places in the Coal Market and Custom House in the City of London, and in the Head Coalwhippers Office (if any) established under this Act, and in the respective Custom Houses at Gravesend, Newcastle, Sunderland, Stockton-on-Tees, and Leith, and at such other Places and in such other Maimer as to them shall seem fit: Provided also, that the Byelaws and Regulations made under the Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, and now in force, shall continue and be the Byelaws and Regulations under this Act, until the same shall have been rescinded, suspended, altered, or varied under the Provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. That it shall be lawful for the Lords of the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council to sanction or disapprove of such proposed Byelaws and Regulations, or to suggest any Amendments therein, so that such Sanction or Disapproval, or such suggested Amendments, be notified to the Commissioners within the Space of Four Weeks next after the Submission of such proposed ByelawB and Regulations to the said Committee.

XXIX. That such Byelaws and Regulations shall have M legal Effect at the Termination of Four Weeks from the Time when they were so made public by the Commissioners; and a Copy purporting to be made of any sych Byelaw or Regulation, and authenticated by the Signature of the Chairman for the Time being of the Commissioners, shall, without any further Proof, be received as Evidence of the Byelaw or Regulation of which it purports to be a Copy, and of such Byelaw or Regulation having been duly made, submitted, issued, and published.

XXX. That if any Person, being a Commissioner under this Act, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of the Commissioners, for or concerning any Work to be done under this Act, or Materials to be employed therein, every such Contract shall be void, and the Person who, being a Commissioner, shall be so interested or concerned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same.

XXXI. That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Act, or by any Byelaw or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, imposed, not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, shall be sued for within Three Months after the Offence or Offences committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice; and such Justice is hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before any Justice such Offender at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction of the

Offender,

1851.

Coahchippers (Port of London)* Cap. 78. 587

Offender, either on. his Confession or on the Evidence of any tericd credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby by empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, after de+ ducting the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for IfDistressme Want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture ^fl^der ma shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice be eommittS! to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time not exceeding Six Months, unless such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid as herein-after directed.

XXXII. That in all Cases in which by this Act any Penalty-Justices may

or Forfeiture is made recoverable before a Justice it shall be proceed by lawful for any Justice to whom Complaint shall be made of of *

any Offence against this Act, or any Byelaw or Regulation Penalties, made in pursuance thereof, to summon the Party complained

against before him; and every such Summons shall be served on the Party offending, either in Person, or by leaving the same with some Inmate at his usual Place of Abode, or, if the Party be the Master or other Person in charge of any Vessel, with some Person in such Vessel; and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before such Justice; and all such Proceedings by Summons without Information shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if an Information in Writing was exhibited.

XXXIII. Provided always, nevertheless. That it shall be Power to the lawful for any Justice before whom any such Conviction shall

take place, if he shall think fit, to order and direct any Part, ties to In-not exceeding One Half, of such Fines, Penalties, and For- formers, feitures, to be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Informer or other Person aiding or assisting in the Apprehension of the

XXXIV. That it shall be lawful for any Justice before whom any Person shall be brought or convicted for any Offence Expense* of for which a Penalty is imposed by this Act, or by any Byelaw Witnesses, &c. or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, to direct all or any to b* paid. Part, according to the Discretion of such Justice, of the reasonable Expenses of any Constable Police Officer, or other Witness,

Offender.

of

Legal Proceeding«.

Persons convicted may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, upon giving Security.

Justices may

summon

Witnesses.

Penalty on Persons refusing to attend when summoned.

Cap. 78. Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

of the Matter which shall be charged, and of such Compensation (if any) for the Time and Trouble of such Witness, as such Justice shall think reasonable, to be paid either by the Offender or the Complainant; and the Sum so ordered to be paid shall and may be recovered, together with any Penalty of which the Person by whom the same shall be ordered to be paid shall have been convicted, or without, in the same Manner as any Penalty is directed to be recovered by this Act, and shall be paid to such Constable, Police Officer, or other Witness.

XXXV. That it shall be lawful for any Person so convicted by any Justice as before mentioned of any Offence against this Act, or against any Byelaw or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of any Justice, for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices in such General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of the Superior Courts or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. That it shall be lawful for any Justice before whom any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be sued for to summon any Person who shall in or by the Complaint or Information made to him appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged to appear before any Justice at a Time and Place to be specified in the Summons; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner and by such Ways and Means as are herein-before directed as to other Penalties; and it shall be lawful for the said Justice to cause such Person to be apprehended, by Warrant under the Hand, and Seal of such Justice, and to be brought before him, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, the Justice shall and may proceed to examine him upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information; and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person so refusing to be sworn, or to answer or give

1831

Coalwhippers (Port of London). Cap. 78.. 589

give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place in or for which such proc*d*9* Justice shall then act, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Months.

XXXVII. That if any Person upon his Examination upon Pemon* giving Oath before any Justice shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, men* for Per-h- or if any Person shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit jury, with respect to any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force and effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXXVIII. That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures exceed- Penaltie* above ing the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds by this Act imposed for any Offence committed against this Act shall and may be re- tioninnnyCourt covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any having compe-Court having competent Jurisdiction, by the Person who shall Jurisdl0-inform and sue for the same, within One Month after the Offence shall be committed; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be to and for the Use of Our Sovereign Lady the Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with full Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person who shall inform and sue for the same.

v XXXIX. That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum Distress not to of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act the Distress itself unlawful for shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party making the no*the Parties samo be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want to be deemed of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, Trespasser* ab or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party be inlt, °' deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party distraining, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

XL. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Forms of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That in all Proceedings before any Justice of the Peace against any Person for any 0 v c on# Offence alleged to be committed against this Act the Summons and the Conviction may be drawn according to the Forms Number 1. and Number 2. contained in the Schedule to this Act; and that it shall not be necessary in any Case, in describing the Offence with which any Party is charged, to insert in the Summons or Conviction any Allegation negativing any Exception contained or referred to in the Section of the Act creating the Offence.

XLI. That no Plaintiff shall ["recover in any Action to be Plaintiff not to commenced against any Person for anything done in pursuance x^der of* of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to Amend *, the Defendant Twenty-one Days before such Action, signed

Cj ogpy

A

i+gd

Froeudingt.

Cap. 78.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT;

Limitation of Actiona.

Pecuniary Forfeitures to go to the Fraction Fund.

S&S Vict-c. 71.

VII.

Coalwhippen

Fund.

Monies received under the Act to be paid into the Chamber of the City, and to constitute a Fund.

by the Attorney for the Plaintiff, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, or to hia Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money a* he shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in Other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLII. Provided always, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act after Three Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise* and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty? one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the July shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover full Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XLIII. That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be recovered for any Offence against this Act, or any Byelaw or Regulation established under the Authority hereof shall, unless the Application thereof be herein or therein or otherwise directed, be paid to some Officer on behalf of the Coal whippers Office, and shall be applied in aid of the Fraction Fund established by this Act; and that the Enactments contained in an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-one, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis, with respect to the Application of Penalties and Forfeitures, shall not extend to any Penalties or Forfeitures recovered under this Act.

XLIV. And in reference to the Monies to be received under or by the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all Monies which shall arise from the Deduction out of the Wages of Coalwhippers by this Act authorized to be made, and from the Fees or Payment for their Registration, and for renewed Certificates to them delivered, and the Monies which shall remain (after Payment of all Expenses) from the Produce of the Sale of any Materials or Hereditaments sold under this Act, or from the Hire of Tackle, and the Rent of any Hereditaments let under this Act, shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, and shall be carried to the Account of the Commissioners, and shall

1851.

Coalwhippers (Port of London). Cap. 78i 591

shall be and constitute the Coalwhippers Fund; and the Monies CoMtppm* in such Fund shall be appropriated and applied, by the Order of FtauL the Commissioners in Writing signed by any Three or more of Appropriation them, in the Order, Course, and Manner herein-after mentioned of Fund* (that is to say,) firstly, in defraying the Expenses of or incident to the passing of this Act; secondly, in paying to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under this Act, for their Attendance, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Lords of the said Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council may from Time to Time direct, not exceeding in the whole in any One Year the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; thirdly, in defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the Officers and Servants appointed under the Authority of this Act, the Bent,

Repairs, Taxes, Interest, or Principal Money borrowed, and other current and incidental Expenses of the Registrar and the Officers and Stations to be established under the Provisions or Authority of this Act, or otherwise to be incurred in carrying this Act into execution; fourthly, in the Discharge of any Principal Money which shall have been raised on the Credit of the Coal Duty of One Penny per Ton for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, or in refunding to the Stock or Fund created by the said first hereinbefore mentioned Act the Amount of any Principal Monies and Interest which shall have been so raised, and shall have been paid off and discharged by the said Duty, and the Residue (if any) shall be held over as a Balance of Account, or, if the Commissioners shall think fit, shall be invested in the Purchase of Stock in some of the Public Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Time being, and shall from Time to Time be applied as the Commissioners shall think fit in diminution of the Deduction herein-before authorized to be made from the Hire or Wages of the Coalwhippers: Provided always, that all Monies which shall have accumulated at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, and shall then be in the Chamber of the City of London, or otherwise^ to the Credit of the Coalwhippers Fund, shall be applied in the same Manner as if the same had been received under the Authority of this Act

XLV. That there shall be provided and kept One or more Account to be Book or Books in which all the Monies which shall be received and paid by virtue of this Act shall be entered and set down, Parliament with the Dates and Occasions and Particulars of such Receipts yearly, and Payments; and the Commissioners shall in each and every Year lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Six Weeks after the Time of their meeting, an Account of the Sums received and paid under the several Heads of Receipt and Payment herein-before enumerated.

XLVI. That for the Purposes of this Act the Limits of the VIII. Port of London shall be considered to be so much of the Port MltceBameoM-of London not higher than London Bridge and not lower than Limits of the

Gravesend Port of London.

592

Cap. 78. Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Gravesend in the County of Kent as shall be fixed from Time to Time by the Commissioners, and that the Provisions of this Act shall not extend to Coals transhipped in the said Port; and the Term " whipping" shall be taken to mean the Process commonly known under that Name for the Discharge of Coals from the Ship's Hold in the Port of London by manual Labour, and no other and that the Word " Gang" shall be construed to mean, not only a complete Gang consisting of Nine Coalwhippers, but also a Portion of a Gang, when the Services of a Portion of a Gang are required.

For staying certain Actions.

XLVII. That no Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information for any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture imposed by the aforesaid Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, or the aforesaid Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, for not inserting in the Fitter's Certificate the Day of the Month and Year of the loading, or the usual Names of the several and respective Collieries out of which the Coals shall be wrought and gotten, or the Price paid for the same, shall be commenced, or if now or hereafter commenced shall be prosecuted or carried on, by any common Informer, or by any other Person except the Solicitor of the Corporation of London, or some Person interested in such Certificate, without the Consent in Writing of some Judge of One of the Superior Courts at Westminster; and that immediately from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person against whom any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall have been or may be sued out, commenced, or prosecuted for the Recovery of any such pecuniary Penalty incurred under the said Acts or either of them, except as aforesaid, without such Consent in Writing as aforesaid, to apply to the Court in which such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall have been or may be sued out, commenced, or prosecuted, or to any Judge of any of the Superior Courts, for an Order that such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be discontinued, upon Payment of the Costs thereof incurred to the Time of such Application being made, such Costs to be taxed according to the Form of such Courts and every such Court and Judge is hereby authorized and required, upon such Application, to make such Order as aforesaid; and upon the making such Order, and Payment or Tender of such Costs as aforesaid, such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be forthwith discontinued: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court or Judge, by Affidavit or otherwise, that any Penalty sought to be recovered in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information has been incurred by the Fraud of the Defendant in such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to refuse to make such Order as to such Penalty, and thereupon to make such other Order as the said Court or Judge shall deem expedient.

GoOgI^LVIIL Th&t

1851. Coalwhippers (Port of London). Cap. 78. 593

XLVIII. That in this Act the following Words and Expres- Mvcdkautmu sions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, of

unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant Tenm. 00 to such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Expression " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the Registration and Regulation of Coalwhippers in the Port of London:

The Word " Coals" shall include Cinders and Culm:

The Words "Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons" shall mean the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled:

The Word "Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the County, City, Borough, Liberty, or Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice shall arise, and who shall not be interested in the Matter in question, and shall include the Lord Mayor and any Alderman or the Recorder of the City of London:

The Words " General or Quarter Sessions" shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the City, Borough, Liberty, or Place in which the Order or Decision from which the Appeal shall be made shall have been made:

And whenever any Forfeiture, Penalty, or Damage is payable to a Party aggrieved, it shall be payable to a Body Corporate in like Manner as to an Individual; and whenever the doing of anything is made punishable by this Act, or by any of the Byelaws made or to be made by the Commissioners, with any Penalty,

Fine, or Forfeiture, the causing, procuring, permitting, or suffering such Act or Thing to be done shall be punishable in like Manner.

XLIX. That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, Short Title of and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Coalwhippers (Port of London) Act, 1851."

L. That this Act, and the Provisions herein contained, shall Commence-take effect from and immediately after the End of this present ment Gtm Session of Parliament, and not before, and shall continue and be in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

41

Number 1.

Form of Summons to wit. To ALB.

Whereas Complaint hath been this Day made before me, J2.F. Esquire, One of the Police Magistrates of the Metropolis [or One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as the Case may fc], sitting at the in by C.D., that

[here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and

where committed, as the Case may be; and, as an Example, the following is a Statement of an Offence against the Twenty-second P p Section:

V., ?

Cap. 79.- Coalwhippers (Port of London). 14 & 15 VICT.

Section: " On the Day of in the Year

... " of our Lord One ihousand eight hundred and i»- - " at the Parish of in the County of

" and within the said District, you the said A.B.% being the

Master of a certain Vessel laden with Coal in the Port of " London, did Employ a certain Person, to wit, one G.H., not " being a Coalwhipper registered and sent from the Coalwhippers " Office under 'The Coalwhippers (Port of London) Act, 1851/

to labour in the Discharge of the Coals from such Vessel by the Process of whipping"], contrary to the said Act, whereby

you the said A.B. have become liable to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Pounds: These are therefore, in Her Majesty's Name, to summon and require you personally to be and appear before me, or such other Magistrate as may be present, at on next, at

of the Clock in the noon, then and there

to answer the Premises as the Law directs. And hereof fail not, as you will answer the Contempt. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

e.f:

Number 2.

Form of Conviction.

Be it remembered, That on the

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me, E.F. Esquire, One of the Police Magistrates of the Metropolis [or One of Her Majesty's Justices Of the Peace for the as the Case may be]

[here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place token and where committed, as the Case may be, as mentioned in the Summons], contrary to "The Coalwhippers (Port of London) Act, 1851." Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.

E.F.

in the Year

Day of

1851.

£team Navigation.

Gfp*7&.

96

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to — the Regulation of Steam Navigation, and to the Boat? and Lights to be carped by Sea-going Vessels.

[7th August 1851.]

VXJT HABEAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the

* Laws relating to the Regulation of Steam Navigation,

and to the Boats and Lights to be carried by Sea-going c Vessels Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the satne,

I. That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of 9& soviet Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of

Steam Navigation, and for requiring Sea*going Vessels to carry c. 81. repealed :Boats, and another Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign from the Time of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regu+ idtion of Steam Navigation, and for limiting in certain Cases the except, &c. Number of Passengers to be conveyed in Steam Vessels, shall be repealed from the Time that this- Act comes into operation as herein-after provided, except as to any Penalties incurred thereunder, and abo except as to. any Certificates of the Sufficiency of Steam Vessels issued thereunder by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, which Certificates, unless the same Existing Certi-be cancelled or revoked under the Provisions of this Act, shall remain and be in force as if this Act had been passed and had mueul orce* conte into operation before the issuing thereof, and they had been issued thereunder.

II. And be it enacted, That the Persons from Time to Time The Naxal De-appointed to assist the Lords of the said Committee in the Execution of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and who are to assist in the6 herein-after referred to as the Naval Department of the Board Execution of of Trade, shall assist the Lords of the said Committee in the Act* Execution of this Act.

And with respect to the Provision to be made for ensuring Survey of steam the periodical Survey of Steam Vessels, be it enacted as fellows:

III. The Owner of every Steam Veasel constructed or intended -

to carry Passengers (except Vessels which fall within the Defi-

nition of Foreign-going Ships contained in the Mercantile Owner* to Marine Act, 1850, and are employed in the Conveyance of the transmit Decla. jRoyal Public Mails or Despatches under Contract with and under the Superintendence of the Lord High Admiral or the a Year.* Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral,) shall cause such Steam Vessel to be surveyed twice at least in every Year, at the Times herein-after directed, by a Shipwright Surveyor and by an Engineer Surveyor appointed for the Purposes

Survey of Steam Vesed* and Num-berofPassengert.

Tim #s appointed for the Surreys.

Cap. 79. Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 VICT.

of this Act by the Lords of the said Committee, such Shipwright Surveyor in the Case of an Iron Steam Vessel being a Person properly qualified to survey Iron Steam Vessels, and shall obtain a Declaration of the Sufficiency and good Condition of the Hull of such Steamer, and of the Boats and other Equipments thereof, required by this Act, and also, if the Lords of the said Committee so require, a Statement of the Number of Passengers (whether Deck Passengers or other Passengers) which such Vessel is constructed to carry, under the Hand of such Shipwright Surveyor, and a Declaration of the Sufficiency and good Condition of the Machinery of such Steamer under the Hand of such Engineer Surveyor, and in such Declarations it shall be distinguished whether such Vessel is in Construction and Equipments adapted for Sea Service as well as for River or Lake Service, or for River or Lake Service only; and when any such Vessel is adapted for Lake and River Service only, such Declaration shall state the local Limits within which such Vessel is in the Judgment of the Surveyor adapted for plying; and in the Case of Sea-going Vessels the Declaration of One of the Surveyors shall contain a Statement that he is satisfied that the Compasses have been properly examined and adjusted; and such Owner shall transmit such Declarations to the Lords of the said Committee within Fourteen Days after the Dates thereof respectively.

IV. In all Cases where the same may be possible such Surveys shall be made in the Months of April and of October, and such Declarations shall be transmitted on or before the Thirtieth Day of April and the Thirty-first Day of October respectively, or if the last preceding Survey of any such Steam Vessel were not made in either of those Months, then such Survey shall be made and such Declaration transmitted in the course of the Thirty Days next before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Date of the Certificate granted as herein-after mentioned upon the last preceding Survey; but if the Owner of any such Steam Vessel as aforesaid be unable to have the same surveyed in the Month of April or October, as the Case may be, or in the course of such Thirty Days as aforesaid, either by reason of such Vessel being absent from the United Kingdom during the whole of those Periods respectively, or by reason of such Vessel or the Machinery thereof being under Construction or Repair, or of such Vessel being laid up in Dock, or for any other Reason Satisfactory to the Lords of the said Committee, then the Owner of such Steam Vessel shall have the same surveyed as aforesaid as soon thereafter as possible, and shall transmit such Declarations to the Lords of the said Committee, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, together with a Statement of the Reasons which have prevented the Survey of such Vessel at the Time herein-before prescribed; and the Owner of every such Steam Vessel in respect of which such Declarations shall not have been transmitted at the Times and

in

1851, Steam Navigation. Cap. 79«

in the Manner herein-before directed, shall, except in any Case in which the Survey of such Vessel shall have been prevented as herein-before is provided, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the sending of such Declarations is delayed, and such Sum shall be paid upon the Issue of the Certificate herein-after mentioned, together with the Fee hereinafter mentioned, unless the Lords of the said Committee think fit in any Case to remit such Forfeiture or any Part thereof.

V. Upon the Receipt of such Declarations the Lords of the said Committee shall register the same, and if they are satisfied that the Provisions of this Act have been complied with, shall cause to be transmitted to the Master or Owner of the Steam Vessel to which such Declarations refer a Certificate, signed by One of the Secretaries to the said Committee, or by some One or more of the Members of the Naval Department of the Board of Trade, or the Secretary to such Department, that the Provisions of the Law with respect to the Transmission of Declarations in respect of such Vessel have been complied with; and such Certificate shall be called a a Sea-going Certificate" where, according to the Declaration of the Surveyor, such Vessel is adapted for Sea Service as well as River or Lake Service; and such Certificate shall be called a " River Certificate" where, according to such Declaration, such Vessel is adapted for River or Lake Service only, and shall set out the local Limits within which such Vessel is to ply; and where any such Vessel is constructed to carry Passengers, and the Lords of the said Committee think fit so to do, in order to prevent the overcrowding of such Vessel with Passengers, they shall insert in such Certificate the Number of Passengers, whether Deck Passengers or other Passengers, which such Vessel is constructed to carry; and the Lords of the said Committee shall from Time to Time transmit Lists of the Vessels in respect of which such Certificates have been issued to the Officers of Customs in all Ports in the United Kingdom, and such Officers shall cause such Lists to be put up in a conspicuous Place in the Custom House at each Port.

VI. The Lords of the said Committee may revoke and cancel such Certificates in any Case where they have Reason to believe that the Declarations of the Sufficiency and good Condition of the Hull and Machinery of any Vessel, or either of them, have been fraudulently or erroneously made, or that such Certificate has otherwise been issued upon false or erroneous Information, or where they have Reason to believe that since the making of such Declarations the Hull or Machinery of such Vessel has sustained any Injury, or is otherwise insufficient; and in every such Case the Lords of the said Committee may, if they think fit, require the Owner to have the Hull or Machinery of such Vessel again surveyed, and to transmit a further Declaration or Declarations of the Sufficiency and good Condition thereof before

P p 3 re-issuing

597

Survey of Steam FeeedaemdNwm-bercfPmeengtru

Board of Trade to grant Certificates, and transmit Lists, to be put up at Custom Houses.

Board of Trade may cancel Certificates, and require fresh Declarations.

568 Cap. 79. Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 VICT.

re-issuing any Certificate, or granting a fresh one in lieu thereof; fur j/rhmnijjm! and the Lords of the said Committee may at any Time revoke — any Certificate, for the Purpose of inserting in any Certificate to be issued in lieu thereof the Number of Passengers which the Vessel to which such Certificate relates is constructed to carry.

How long Certificates to continue in force.

Proriio.

VII. No Certificate bearing Date on any Day between the First of April and the Fifteenth of Mag in any Year shall be held to be in force, for the Purposes of this Act, after the Fifteenth Day of November following, and no Certificate bearing Date on any Day between the First of October and the Fifteenth of November following shall be held to be in force for the Purposes of this Act after the Fifteenth Day of May followings and no Certificate bearing Date on any Day not falling within the Periods before defined shall be held to be in force after the Expiration of Six Months from the Date thereof, and no Certificate shall be in force after Notice to the Owner or Master of the Vessel to which the same relates by the Lords of the said Committee that they have revoked the same: Provided always, that if any Steam Vessel shall have been absent from the United Kingdom for the whole of the Month of April or the whole of the Month of October in any Year, or the whole of the Thirty Days next before the Expiration of Six Months from the Date of the Certificate last granted in respect of such Vessel, the Certificate previously granted to such Vessel (if not expressly cancelled or revoked) shall continue in force till the Return of such Vessel to the United Kingdom, and for Twenty-one Days afterwards.

Fees to be paid VIII. The Owner of every Steam Vessel requiring a Gertie

for Certificates, under this Act shall pay for every Certificate granted by the Lords of the said Committee such Sum as the Lords of the said Committee appoint, not exceeding the Sums following; that is to say.

Where the Tonnage of such Vessel does not exceed One hundred Tons, a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds:

Where such Tonnage exceeds One hundred Tons and does not exceed Three hundred Tons, a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds:

Where such Tonnage exceeds Three hundred Tons, a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds:

Application of And such Fees, as well as such Forfeitures as herein-before For* mentioned, shall be paid to the Lords of the said Committee, or as they may direct, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expenses incurred in execution of this Act; and the Lords of the said Committee may regulate the Manner in which such Fees and Forfeitures are to be received, and in which they aire to be kept, and in which they are to be accounted for.

Forgery of De- IX. Every Person who knowingly and wilfully makes or deration or Cer- assist* in making a false or fraudulent Declaration or Certificate

with

1851. Steam Navigation. Cap. 79.

with respect to any Vessel requiring a Certificate under this Act, or who knowingly and wilfully forges, counterfeits* or fraudulently alters, or assists in forging, counterfeiting, or fraudulently altering, any Declaration or Certificate required by this Act, or any Words or Figures in any such Declaration or Certificate, or the Signature thereto, shall be deemed guilty of & Misdemeanor, or shall be liable, on.summary Conviction, to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, not exceeding One Month.

X. The Owner or Master of every Steam Vessel shall forth with on Receipt of any such Certificate as aforesaid by him or his Agent from the Lords of the said Committee cause the same or a true Copy thereof, in distinct and legible Characters, to be put up in some conspicuous Part of the Vessel, so as to be visible to all Persons on board the same, and shall cause it to be continued so put up so long as such Certificate remains in force and such Vessel is in use, and in default such Owner, or if he can prove the Default to have been caused by the Master, such Master shall for every Offence be liable to a Forfeiture or Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XI. It shall not be lawful for any Steam Vessel (other than any such Mail Packet as aforesaid) to proceed to Sea or upon any Voyage or Excursion with any Passengers on board the Owner of which has not transmitted to the Lords of the said Committee the Declarations herein-before required, and the Owner or Master of which has not reoeived from them a Certificate that the Provisions of the Law in that respect have been complied with as herein-before provided for, such Certificate being a Certificate applicable to the Voyage or Excursion on which such Vessel is proceeding; and no Officer of Her Majesty's Customs shall clear out any Steam Vessel (other than any such Mail Packet as aforesaid) for Sea or for any Voyage or Excursion, with Passengers on board, or grant to the Owner or Master thereof any Transire or other Customs Document necessary for the Conduct thereof, unless upon the Production of such Certificate as aforesaid (being a Certificate then in force); and if the Owner or Master of any Steam Vessel (other than any such Mail Packet as aforesaid) proceed to Sea or on any Voyage or Excursion, with any Passengers on board, without having such Certificate as aforesaid, or a true Copy thereof in distinct and legible Characters on board, and so put up as aforesaid in some conspicuous Part of the Vessel, (such Certificate being a Certificate then in force,) the Owner thereof shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and the Master of such Vessel shall also be liable to a further Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XII. If in any such Certificate the Number of Passengers which the Vessel to which such Certificate relates is constructed to carry is stated, it shall not be lawful to carry on board

59ft

tificate to be a Misdemeanor,

Or subject Person summarily convicted to Fine or Imprisonment.

Copy of Certificate to be placed in conspicuous Part of Vessel.

Vessel not to proceed on her Voyage without Certificate.

No Officer of the Customs to, clear oat. See. any Steam VW sels, but upon Production of Certificate.

Penalty on Owners and Masters of Vessels proceeding without Certificate.

Penalty on Owner, &c. for carrying more Passengers than specified in Certificate.

d

600

Survey of Steam VeteeUcmdNum-bcrofPtieeeuger*.

Penalty on Persons forcing their Way on board when Vessels are full.

Penalty on Persons refusing to pay their Fares or to quit the Vessel.

Penalty on Offenders refusing to give their Name and Address.

Cap. 79. Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 VICT.

thereof any greater Number of Passengers, whether Deck Passengers or other Passengers, than the Numbers thereof respectively stated in such Certificate; and if the Owner or Master or other Person in charge of any such Vessel receive on board thereof, or if such Vessel shall at any Time have on board, any greater Number of Passengers, whether Deck Passengers or other Passengers, than the Numbers thereof respectively specified in such Certificate, the Owner or the Master or other Person having charge thereof shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall also forfeit Five Shillings for every Passenger over and above the Number so specified in the Certificate as aforesaid.

XIII. If any Person, after having been refused Admission into any Steam Vessel by the Owner or Person in charge thereof, or by any Person in the Employ of the Owner thereof, on account of such Steam Vessel being full, and after having had the full Amount of his Fare (if he has paid the same) returned or tendered to him, shall nevertheless persist in attempting to enter the same, or if any Person having got on board any Steam Vessel, be requested, on the like Account, by the Owner or Person in charge thereof, or by any Person in the Employ of the Owner, to leave such Steam Vessel before the same has quitted the Place at wh\ph such Person got on board, and shall refuse so to do after having had the full Amount of his Fare (if he has paid the same) returned or tendered to him, then and in either of such Cases sucti Person shall for such Offence forfeit and pay to the Owner of such Vessel any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIV. If any Person travel or attempt to travel in any Steam Vessel that has been duly surveyed in conformity with the Provisions of this Act without having previously paid his Fare, and with Intent to avoid Payment thereof, or if any Person having paid his Fare for a certain Distance knowingly and wilfully proceed in any such Vessel beyond such Distance without previously paying the additional Fare for the additional Distance, and with Intent to avoid Payment thereof, or if any Person knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect, on arriving at the Point to which he has paid his Fare, to quit such Vessel, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Owner of such Vessel a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, in addition to the Fare payable by him.

XV. Every Person who, having committed any of the Offences mentioned in the last Two preceding Sections or either of them, refuses, on Application of the Master of the Vessel or other Person in the Employ of the Owner thereof, to give his Name and Address, or who on such Application gives a false Name or Address, shall forfeit and pay to the Owner of such Vessel a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XVI. The

1851. Steam Navigation. Cap. 79. 601

XVI. The Lords of the said Committee may from Time to Board of Trade Time appoint such Number 6f fit and proper Persons to be Ship- to *ppoi!£ "d wright Surveyors and Engineer Surveyors for the Purposes of wrTghTSur- this Act, at such Ports or Places as they think proper, and veyor *, &c., and may from Time to Time remove such Surveyors or any of them, *"* of. and they may from Time to Time fix, alter, or vary the Rates cmuneration-of Remuneration to be received by such Surveyors.

XVII. The said Surveyors shall make such Returns from Surveyor* to Time to Time to the Lords of the said Committee with respect

to the Build, Dimensions, Draft, Burden, Rate of Sailing, &c. of Vessel*,

Room for Fuel, and the Nature and Particulars of Machinery and Owner*,

of the Vessels surveyed by them, as shall be required by the

Lords of the said Committee; and every Owner, Master, and th*t Purpose.

Engineer of any such Vessel shall, on Demand, ^ive to such

Surveyors all such Information and Assistance within his Power

as may be required by them for the Purpose of such Returns;

and every such Owner, Master, and Engineer who, on being

applied to for that Purpose, wilfully refuses or neglects to give

such Information or Assistance, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. The said Surveyors shall execute their Duties under Surveyor* to the Direction of the Lords of the said Committee; and in the Execution of such Duties it shall be lawful for them to go on fioard of Trade: board any Steam Vessel at all reasonable Times, and to inspect to be allowed to the same or any Part thereof, or any of the Machinery, Boats,

Equipments, or Articles on board thereof to which the Provi- to inapcct, &c. sions of this Act or any of the Regulations to be made by virtue

thereof apply, not unnecessarily detaining or delaying the Vessel from proceeding on any Voyage, and, if in consequence of any Accident to any such Vessel or for any other Reason they consider it necessary so to do, to require the Vessel to be taken into Dock for the Purpose of surveying the Hull thereof; and any Person who hinders any such Surveyor from going on board any such Steam Vessel, or otherwise impedes him in the Execution of his Duty under this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX. Every such Surveyor who demands or receives, directly Penalty on Sur-or indirectly, from the Owner or Master of any Vessel sur- ^lv?ng veyed by him under the Provisions of this Act, any Fee or FecsunUw-Remuneration whatsoever for or in respect of such Survey, fu, b* otherwise than as the Agent, and by the Direction of the Lords of the said Committee, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds at the Suit of any Person whomsoever.

XX. That the Owner of every Steam Vessel built of Iron, of One hundred Tons Burthen or upwards, the building of which shall have been commenced since the Twenty-eighth Day of Iron steamer* August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred to be divided and forty-six, and the Owner of every Steam Vessel built of

Iron

JBuild of Iron Steamers

Officers of Customs not to grant Certificates, except so divided.

Penalty on Owner for Neglect.

Safety Halves,

Steam Vessels to carry Safety Valves out of Control of Engineer, and to be deemed a necessary Part of Machinery.

Boats, 4fc. in Sea-going Vessels,

Sea-going Vessels to be provided with the Number of Boats and of the Dimensionf herein mentioned.

Cap. 79. Steam Navigation* 14 & 15 VICT.

Iron of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, the building of which shall have commenced after the passing of this Act, except Vessels used solely as Steam Tugs, shall cause the same to be divided by transverse Water-tight Partitions, so that the Fore Part of the Vessel shall be separated from the Engine Boom by* One of such Partitions, and so that the After Part of such Vessel shall be separated from the Engine Boom by another of such Partitions; and it shall not be lawful for the Officers of Her Majesty's Customs, or for any other Person, to grant a Certificate of British Registry to, or to clear out or grant a Transire to, or allow to proceed to Sea, any Iron Steamer of One hundred Tons Burthen or upwards, built since the said Twenty-eighth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, or to any Iron Steamer of less Burthen than One hundred Tons built after the passing of this Act, except as aforesaid, unless the same be so divided as aforesaid, and if any Steamer herein-before required to be so divided proceeds to Sea without being so divided, the Owner shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

And with regard to Safety Valves, be it enacted as follows:

XXI. After the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two it shall not be lawful for any Steam Boat, of which Surveys are required by the Provisions of this Act, to go to Sea, or to steam upon the Rivers of the United Kingdom, without having; a Safety Valve upon each Boiler, free from the Care of the Engineer, and out of his Control and Interference; and such Safety Valve shall be deemed to be 9 necessary Part of the Machinery, upon the Sufficiency of which the Engineer Surveyor is to report as herein provided

And with respect to the Boats and other Equipments to be provided for Sea-going Vessels, be it enacted as follows:

XXII. No decked Vessels, except Vessels used solely as Steam Tugs, shall proceed to Sea from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom whatsoever unless it shall be provided, according to its Tonnage, with Boats duly supplied with all Requisities for their Use, and not being fewer in Number nor less in their Cubic Contents than the Boats the Number and Cubic Contents of which are specified in the following Table; provided that the said Limits of Dimension be not considered applicable to Vessels engaged in the Whale Fishery:

TABLE.

TABLE.

o

o

c2

rT

RlOIfBKID ToVKAU. Column 1. To be carried by Sailing Vessels and Steam Vessels. Column 2. To be carried by Sailing Vessels and by Steam Vessels, unless they carry the Boats in No. 3. Column 3. To be carried by Steam Vessels which do not cany the Boats in Col. 2. Total Number or Boats.

Sailing Vessels^ Steam Vessels. Boats. Boats. Launches. Boats. 1 to c i Steam Vessels.

J 1 Length. Breadth. Depth. Number. | Length. Breadth. Depth. Number. Length. Breadth. Depth. Number. Length. Breadth. Depth.

Tons. Tons. Ft. Ft. In. Ft.In. Ft. Ft.In. Ftln. Ft. FUn. Ft. In. Ft Ft.In. FUn.

800 and upwards - 500 and upwards - 1 18 5 6 3 3 2 24 5 6 2 6 1 26 8 0 3 8 2 22 5 6 2 6 4 4 or J 1

600 to 800 - - 360 to 500 1 16 5 6 3 3 2 24 5 6 2 6 1 25 7 0 3 6 2 22 5 6 8 6 4 4 or 5 i K

400 to 600 - - 340 to 360 1 16 5 6 3 3 1 22 5 6 3 5 1 22 6 6 3 3 3 22 5 6 2 6 3 3 or 4 1

300 to 400 - 130 to 34 1 14 5 0 3 2 — — — — 1 20 6 0 3 0 2 22 5 6 8 6 2 2 or 3 ' J

100 to 200 - . 60 to 130 - 1 14 5 0 S 2 — — — — 1 16 5 6 2 9 2 18 5 6 2 4 2 8 or 3 s a

Under 100 - Under 60 1 14 5 0 3 3 1 i

Note. — In the Case of Steam Vessels, Two Paddlebox Boats may be substituted for any Two of the Boats in Column 3.

1851. Steam Navigation. Cap. f 9. 908

604 Cap. 79.

Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 Vict.

Boats, ffc. in Sea-going Vessels.

Enactments with respect to Boats and Life Buoys in Sect. 9. of 12 8t 13 Vict. c. S3, not to be affected.

No Steamer to proceed to Sea without being provided with a Hose, and Signals.

Penalties on Masters, &c. neglecting to provide Boats, Equipments, &c.

Officers of Customs not to clear out Vessels not complying with the above Provisions.

Lights, and Provisions against Accidents from Collision.

Admiralty to snake ltegu-

And no such Vessel carrying more than Ten Passengers shall proceed to Sea, unless, in addition to the Boats herein-before required, it also be provided with a Life Boat furnished with all Requisities for Use, or unless One of its Boats herein-before required be rendered buoyant after the Manner of Life Boats; and no such Vessel shall proceed to Sea with Passengers as aforesaid unless it also be provided with Two Life Buoys, to be kept ready for immediate Use: Provided, that the Enactments with respect to Boats and Life Buoys herein contained shall not apply in any Case in which a Certificate has been duly obtained under the Ninth Section of the Passengers Act, 1849.

XXIII. No Steam Vessel, except Vessels used solely as Steam Tugs, shall proceed to Sea unless it shall be provided with a Hose adapted for the Purpose of extinguishing Fire in any Part of the Vessel, and capable of being connected with the Engines of the Vessel, nor, if carrying Passengers, without being provided with the following Means of making Signals of Distress, that is to say, Twelve Blue Lights, or Twelve Portfires, and One Cannon, with Ammunition for at least Twelve Charges, or, in the Discretion of the Master or Owner of such Vessel, with such other Means of making Signals as shall have been previously approved by the Lords of the said Committee.

XXIV. If any such Steam or other Vessel as*aforesaid proceed to Sea without being provided with such Boats and other Equipments as herein-before required for such Vessel, or if any of such Boats or other Equipments be lost or rendered useless in the course of the Voyage through the wilful Fault or Negligence of the Owner or Master, or if in case of any of such Boats or Life Buoys being accidentally lost or injured in the course of the Voyage the Master or other Person having Charge -of the Vessel wilfully neglect to replace or repair the same on the first convenient Opportunity, then and in every Case where the Owner shall appear to be in fault he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and in every Case where the Master or other Person having charge of the Vessel shall appear to be in fault he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXV. It shall not be lawful for any Officer of Customs to clear out, or to grant a Transire to, or allow to proceed to Sea, any such Steam or other Vessel as aforesaid, unless the same is provided with such Boats and other Equipments as hereinbefore required for such Vessel; and in any Case in which any Vessel is delayed by reason of Non-compliance with any of the Provisions herein-before contained the Tide-waiter left on board shall be maintained at the Expense of the Master or Owner of such Vessel until such Provisions are complied with.

And with respect to the Lights to be carried, and other Provision to be made for guarding against Accidents from Collision, be it enacted as follows:

XXVI. The Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall from Time to

Steam Navigation.

Cap. 79.

605

Time make Regulations requiring the Exhibition of such Lights, lotion* as to by such Classes of Vessel^ whether Steam or Sailing Vessels, Li*hts' within such Places and under such Circumstances as they think fit, and may from Time to Time revoke, alter, or vary the same, and they shall cause such Regulations to be published in the London Gazette, and to be otherwise publicly made known, and such Regulations shall come into operation on a Day to be named in such Gazette, and they shall cause such Regulations to be printed, and shall furnish a Copy thereof to any Owner or Master of a Vessel who applies for the same, and Production of the Gazette containing such Regulations shall be sufficient Evidence of the Purport and due making thereof; and all Penalty on Owners and Masters or Persons having charge of Vessels shall Owners and be bound to take notice of the same, and shall, so long as the obey*them"g same continue in force, exhibit such Lights, and no others, at such Times, within such Places, in such Manner, and under such Circumstances as are enjoined by such Regulations; and in case of Default the Master or other Person having charge of any Vessel, or the Owner of such Vessel, if it appear that he was in fault, shall for each and every Occasion upon which such Regulations arc infringed forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that all Regulations made Existing Regu-by the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing ktions to con-the Office of Lord High Admiral, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them, and in force at the passing of this Act, together with the Penalties applicable thereto, shall continue and be in force as if the same had been made under this Act, until the same be revoked.

XXVII. Whenever any Vessel proceeding in One Direction Rules to be meets a Vessel proceeding in another Direction, and the Master y*2edby. or other Person having charge of either such Vessel perceives each other!*10* that if both Vessels continue their respective Courses they will

pass so near as to involve any Risk of a Collision, he shall put the Helm of his Vessel to Port, so as to pass on the Port Side of the other Vessel, due Regard being had to the Tide and to the Position of each Vessel with respect to the Dangers of the Channel, and, as regards Sailing Vessels, to the keeping of each Vessel under Command; and the Master of any Steam Vessel navigating any River or narrow Channel shall keep as far as is practicable to that Side of the Fairway or Mid-channel thereof which lies on the Starboard Side of such Vessel; and if the Master or other Person having charge of any Steam Vessel neglect to observe these Regulations or either of them, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXVIII. If in any Case of a Collision between Two or more Owners not Vessels it appear that such Collision was occasioned by the entitled to Nonobservance either of the foregoing Rules with respect to

the passing of Steamers or of the Rules to be made as aforesaid of Collision, by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing but M*«ter to the Office of Lord High Admiral with respect to the Exhibition pc^J*10

of

Ugkt*tamd Pto-visions against Accidents from Collision,

Accidents to be reported to Board of Trade.

Notice to be given of apprehended Loss of Steam Vessels.

Inspection of Steam Vessels,

Board of Trade may send Inspectors on board Vessels whenever necessary.

Cap. 7 9; .Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 Via?.

of Lights the Owner of the Vessel by which any each Rule has been infringed shall not be entitled to recover any Recompenoe whatsoever for any Damage sustained by such Vessel in such Collision, unless it appears to the Court before which the Case is tried that the Circumstances of the Case were such as to justify a Departure from the Rule; and in case any Damage to Pierson or Property be sustained in consequence of the Non? observance of any of the said Rules1, the same shall in all Courts of Justice be deemed, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary* to have been occasioned by the wilful Default of the Master got other Person having the Charge of such Vessel, and such Master or other Person shall, unless it appears to the Court beforfe which the Case is tried that the Circumstances of the Case were such as to justify a Departure from the Ride, be subject in all Proceedings, whether civil or criminal, to the legal Conae* quences of such Default

XXIX. Whenever any Steam Vessel (other than a Ship of War) has sustained or caused any Accident occasioning Loss of Life orany serious Injury to any Person, or has received arijr material Damage affecting her Seaworthiness or Efficiency either in her Hull or in any Part of her Machinery, the Owners Master, or other Person having the Charge of such Vessel shall, within Twenty-four Hours after the happening of such Accident or Damage, or as soon thereafter as possible, transmit through the Post Office to the Lords of the said Committee, by Letter signed by such Master or other Person, a Report bf such Accident or Damage, and the probable Occasion thereof* stating the Name of the Vessel, the Port to which she belongs* and the Place where she is; and if such Master or other Person neglect so to do he shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXX. If the Owner of any Steam Vessel have Reason* owing to the Nonappearance of such Vessel, or to any other Circumstance, to apprehend that such Vessel has been wholly lost, he shall as soon as conveniently may be send Notice thereof in like Manner to the Lords of the said Committee, and if he neglect so to do within a reasonable Time he shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

And with regard to the Provision to be made for the Inspect tion of Steam Vessels, be it enacted as follows:

XXXI. The Lords of the said Committee may from Time to Time, whenever it seems expedient to them so to do, appoint any of the Surveyors to be appointed by them as aforesaid, or any other fit Person, as an Inspector, to go on board any Ship or Vessel, to report to them whether the Provisions of this Act* or the Regulations made under or by virtue of this Act, have been complied with, and also whether the Hull and Machinery of such Vessel, if the same be a Steam Vessel, are sufficient and in good Condition, or to report to them upon the Nature and Causes of any Accident or Damage which such Vessel has sue* tained or caused, or is said to have sustained or caused.

e xxxiL it

1861.

Steam Navigation.

Cap. 79.

XXXII. It /shall be lawful for any such Inspector as aforesaid, ^uad also for any Person being a Member of the said Naval Department of the Board of Trade, to go on board any Steam Vessel at all reasonable Times, and to inspect the same or any Part thereof, or any of the Machinery, Boats, Equipments, or Articles on board thereof to which the Provisions of this Act or any of the Regulations to be made by virtue thereof apply, not Unnecessarily detaining or delaying the Vessel from proceeding on any Voyage; and in all Cases of Accident or Damage such Inspector or other Person ma^ make such Inquiries, and require Answers or Returns thereto, as to the Nature, Circumstances, and Causes of such Accident or Damage, as he thinks fit, and may, by Summons under his Hand, require the Attend*-fence of all Persons whom he thinks fit to call before him upon any Question or Matter connected therewith or relating thereto, and may administer Oaths, and examine such Persons upon Oath, and may require and enforce the Production upon Oath of all Log Books, Accounts, Agreements, or other Papers or Writings in anywise relating to any such Matter as aforesaid, or in lieu of requiring and administering an Oath may require any Person to mue and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of the Matters respecting which he has been examined or interrogated: Provided always, that no Person shall be required, in obedience to any Summons from such Inspector or other Person, to travel more than Ten Miles from his actual Abode at the Time of receiving such Summons, unless such reasonable Allowance for Expenses in respect of his Attendance to give Evidence and of his Journeys to and from the Place where he may be required to attend for that Purpose be made and tendered to him as would be allowed to any Witness attending on Subpo&na to give Evidence before any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and in case of any Dispute as to the Amount of such Expenses the same shall be referred by such Inspector, or other Person* to One of the Masters of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, and Such Master shall, on a Request made to him for that Purpose under the Hand of such Inspector or other Person, ascertain and certify the proper Amount of such Expenses.

XXXIII. If any Person wilfully impede such Inspector or other Person in the Execution of any Part of his Duty, whether on board any Ship or Vessel or elsewhere, every Person so offending, and all Persons aiding and assisting therein, may be seized and detained by such Inspector or other Person, or by any Persons called by him to his Assistance, until such Offender can be conveniently taken before some Justice of the Peace or other Officer having proper Jurisdiction; and every such Offender, and also every Person who refuses to attend as a Witness before any such Inspector or other Person, when required so to do, in the Manner hereby directed, or who refuses or neglects to make any Answer, or to give any Return, or to produce any Document in his Possession, or to make or subscribe any Declarations which such Inspector or other Person

907

IOMptCtlOM of Steam VetmU,

POWMI Of Inspectors. '

Proviso for Expenses of Witnesses.

Penalty for obstructing Inspectors.

Legal Proceedings.

Misdemeanors or Offences to be prosecuted by Information or Indictment.

11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

Sheriffs in Scotland authorized to exercise Jurisdiction under 11 G. 4. & 1 W. 4. c. 69. to have same Powers, ice. as Justices exercise under this Act

Jurisdiction to be where the Offence is committed, and wherever Offender is.

Service to be good if made personally, or at Abode, or on board Ship, &c.

Cap. 79. Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 VICT.

is hereby empowered to require as aforesaid, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

And with respect to legal Proceedings for enforcing the Provisions of this Act, be it enacted as follows:

XXXIV. All Misdemeanors or Offences created by this Act may be prosecuted by Information at the Suit of Her Majesty's Attorney General, or by Indictment or other ap-

Sropriate legal Proceeding in any Court having appropriate urisdiction in any of Her Majesty's Dominions, and shall be punishable with Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as such Court thinks fit; and all Penalties and other Sums of Money hereby made payable or recoverable may be recovered, with Costs, and all Offences hereby made punishable may, unless previously punished as Misdemeanors, be prosecuted and punished, and the Costs of such Prosecution recovered, by some appropriate summary Proceeding, before Two or more Justices, or before a Judge exercising Maritime Jurisdiction, or other Officer or Officers having appropriate Jurisdiction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and all such summary Proceedings, if instituted in England or Wales, shall, so far as is consistent with the Provisions of this Act, be carried on in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders.

XXXV. Every Sheriff in Scotland shall, within his own County, and in all Places in which Sheriffs are authorized to exercise Jurisdiction in virtue of the Act of the Session of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth and First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-nine, have such Powers and be entitled to exercise such Jurisdiction under this Act as any Justices have or are entitled to exercise under the Provisions of this Act; and any Proceedings instituted under this Act before any such Sheriff may be conducted in the same Way as any summary Proceedings before any Sheriff Court in Scotland may for the Time being be lawfully conducted; and every Deliverance, Sentence, and Conviction of any Sheriff under this Act shall be final, and not subject to any Review whatsoever.

XXXVI. For the Purpose of giving Jurisdiction under this Act, every Offence shall be deemed to have been committed, and every Cause of Complaint to have arisen, either in the Place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any Place in which the Offender or Person complained against may be.

XXXVII. Service of any Summons or other Matter in any legal Proceeding under this Act shall be deemed good Service if made personally on the Person to be served, or if made at his lost known Place of Abode or Business, or if made on board

any

1851.

Steam Navigation.

Cap. 79.

any Vessel to which he belongs, and accompanied with a Statement of the Purport thereof to the Person in command or appearing to be in command or charge of §uch Vessel.

XXXVIII. All Certificates purporting to be issued in pursuance of this Act by the Lords of the said Committee, and Jo be signed as herein-before required, shall be taken to have been so issued and signed, unless the contrary is proved; and every Document purporting to be an Office Copy of any such Certificate as aforesaid, and to be signed in the Manner herein-before required for the Signature of such Certificate, shall be received in Evidence, and shall be deemed to be a true Copy of the Original of which it purports to be a Copy, and in proving the Transmission of any such' Certificate from the Lords of the said Committee to the Master or Owner of any Steam Vessel it shall be sufficient to prove that the same was duly received by some Officer of Customs or other public Servant, and was by him delivered to or left at the Place of Abode or Business of such Master or Owner, or delivered to any Person in charge or appearing to be in charge of the Vessel to which the same relates.

609

Legal

Proceedings.

Proof of Issue and Transmission of Certificates.

XXXIX. If in any legal Proceeding under this Act any Burden of Question arises whether any Vessel is or is not within the Provisions of this Act, such Vessel shall be taken to be within empted. such Provisions, unless Proof to the contrary is adduced.

XL. Any Justice or other Court imposing any Penalty under Application of this Act of which no specific Application is herein provided may, Penalties* if he or they think fit, direct that a Part, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, shall be applied to compensate any Person for any Wrong or Damage which he may have sustained by reason of the Default in respect of which such Penalty is imposed; and, subject to such Directions or specific Application as aforesaid, all such Penalties shall be applied as the Lords of the said Committee direct, in aid of the Expenses to be incurred in execution of this Act.

XLL No Indictment shall be preferred for any Offence Indictment* to against this Act, unless under the Direction of the Lords of be preferred by the said Committee or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Bo^Tnide Customs, and no Suit or Proceeding shall be commenced for the or of Commis-Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture for any such Offence, loners of except where such Penalty or Forfeiture is made payable to the Customa* Owner of a Vessel, and, except in any other Cases in which Directions to the contrary are herein-before contained, unless in the Name of some public Officer under the Direction of the Lords of the said Committee or of the said Commissioners respectively; and in any Indictment preferred or Suit or Proceeding instituted under this Act the Averment that the Lords of the said Committee or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs have directed the same to be preferred or instituted shall be sufficient Proof of the Fact, unless the contrary is shown.

810.

Leg *

Proceeding*,

Penalties to be sued for within. Six Months.

No Proceeding to be void Sot Informality or removed by Certiorari.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to Quarter Sessions on giving Security.

Court to make such Order as they think reasonable.

MuceUaneout *

Not to affect 12 & 13 Vict. c. S3. Not to extend to Ships of War or Foreign Vessels.

Cap. 79. Steam Navigation. 14 & 15 Vict.

XLII. No Person shall be liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by virtue of this Act, and made summarily recoverable thereunder, unless the Complaint respecting such Offence be made before such Justice within Six Months next after the Commission of such Offence.

XLIII. No Conviction, Order, or other Proceeding in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any Superior Court.

XLIV. No Distress levied in any Proceeding under this Act shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall any Person making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall such Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but all Parties aggrieved by such Defect or Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action.

XLV. If any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Determination or Adjudication of any Justice with respect to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions for the County or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; but no such Appeal shall be entertained unless within One Month next after the making of such Determination or Adjudication Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, stating the Nature and Grounds thereof, be given to the Party against whom the Appeal shall be brought, nor unless the Appellant forthwith after such Notice enter into Recognizances, with Two sufficient Sureties, before a Justice, conditioned duly to prosecute such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the Court thereon.

XLVI. At the Quarter Sessions for which such Notice shall be given the Court shall proceed to hear and determine the Appeal in a summary Way, or they may, if they think fit, adjourn it to the following Sessions; and upon the hearing of such Appeal the Court may, if they think fit, mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, or they may confirm or quash the Adjudication, and order any Money paid by the Appellant, or levied by Distress upon his Goods, to be returned to him, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they judge reasonable, and they may make such Order concerning the Costs both of the Adjudication and of the Appeal as they think reasonable.

XLVII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to repeal or alter any of the Provisions of the 46 Passengers Act, 1849."

XLVIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any Ship belonging to Her Majesty, nor to any Vessel not being a British Vessel or a Vessel owned wholly or in part by British Subjects, nor to any Steam Ferry Boat working in Chains commonly called a Steam Floating Bridge.

XLIX. Nothing

» VjOOyT' °

1851. ' General j&oard of Health (No. 2.) Cap^Stt 811

XLIX. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice of MibxBaneom*. derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Fran1 ^pthing to chises, Jurisdiction, or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty affect Privileges and Citizens of the City of London *, or their Successors, or the of Corporation Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, nor prohibit, of London* defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which at the Time of passing this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being as Conservator of the River Thames, or otherwise, or the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor;

Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, i

did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

L. The Master of every Steam Vessel to which this Act Copy of this applies shall provide himself with a Copy thereof, and also of all Regulations made by virtue of this Act by the Lord High ep ° Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, with respect to the Exhibition of Lights, and shall at all Times keep the same on board hi& Vessel, and in Penalty for case he refuse or neglect to do so shall be subject to a Penalty Neglect, not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI. This Act shall come into operation on the Thirty-first of Commence-December after the passing thereof, and may be cited as " The meRt of Steam Navigation Act, 1851." Short Tide#

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for confirming a certain Provisional Order of the General Board of Health for applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in pur" suance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made* pub-

fished, and deposited, according to the Provisions of the Act, a 4 certain Provisional Order mentioned in the Schedule to thifc

Act annexed, and it is expedient that the said Order should be confirmed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the Provisional Order of the General Board of Health Oortfirming1 referred to in the Schedule to this Act annexed, applying thd

Public Health Act, 1848, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth General Board

in the County of Norfolk, shall be and the same is hereby con- of Health.

firmed, so far as it is authorized by the Public Health Act, and shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be t

as? binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same Order had been expressly enacted m this Act.

II. And whereas a Portion of the Borough of Great Yaf^ Limitation of

mouthy named in the Schedule of this Act, is situate withht Ac^tot^avPar

Q q 2 the of Gw, 'Y" *

12

mouth in the County of Norfolk.

Act incorporated with Public Health Act.

Short Title of this Act.

Power to remove from India to the United Kingdom Persons of European Birth found guilty of. Crimes and Offences, and acquitted on the Ground of Insanity.

s the County of Suffolk, and Doubts may arise In respect of the Extent of the District constituted by the Provisional ' Order for the said Borough referred to in the said Schedule: Be it hereby and it is hereby declared, That the said District is confined to so much of the said Borough as is situate within the County of Norfolk, and that none of the Powers, Authorities, and Duties to be exercised and fulfilled under or by virtue of the Public Health Act, 1848, or the said Order, shall be exercised and fulfilled under or by virtue of the said Order and this Act beyond the Boundaries of that Part of the said Borough which is contained in the County of Norfolk

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this Act and the said Public Health Act were One Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures M The Public Health Supplemental Act for Great Yarmouth, 1851."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Provisional Order of the General Board of Health submitted for the Confirmation of Parliament.

Great Yarmouth.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to authorize the Removal from India of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and to give better Effect to Inquisitions of Lunacy taken in India.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the

"T. several Purposes herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That if any Person shall have been or shall hereafter be indicted for or charged with any Crime or Offence in any Court in India9 and shall have been or shall hereafter be acquitted of or not be tried for such Crime or Offence on the Ground of his being found to be of unsound Mind, and shall by reason of the Premises be lawfully in Custody in India, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons administering the Government of the Presidency in which such Person shall be So in Custody to order such Person to be removed from India to any Part of the United Kingdom, there to abide the Order of Her Majesty concerning his or her safe Custody, and to give such Directions for enabling such Order to be carried into effect as may be deemed fit and proper.

II. That

1851.

613

Lunatics (India). Cap. 81.

II. That the Orders and Directions of the said Government Order of Goof any of the said Presidencies for the Removal of any Person

under the Provisions of this Act shall be a sufficient Warrant sufficient War-

and Authority to all Commanders of Vessels, and others, to rant and Au-

whom the Care and Custody of any such Person shall be com- p^ity fo^fthe

mitted, for the Removal of such Person from India to the United Kingdom in conformity with such Directions, and for

his Detention in Custody there until an Order shall be made by Her Majesty as herein-after is mentioned; and that upon the

Arrival of any such Person in the United Kingdom it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to give such Order for the safe Custody

of such Person during Her Pleasure in such Place and in such

Manner as to Her Majesty shall seem fit, in like Manner as if

such Person had been indicted for an Offence and found insane,

and were thereby subject to the Provisions of the Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the safe Custody

of Insane Persons charged with Offences.

III. That all Expenses attending the Removal from India Expenses to be and the safe Custody and Maintenance in Great Britain or

Ireland of all such Persons as aforesaid shall be borne and de- aiJd charged frayed by the East India Company, who are hereby authorized upon the Hereto charge the Amount of such Expenses upon the Revenues of nucsof Indu* the Government of India.

IV. That the Amount of all Expenses incurred by the East The Amount of India Company in respect of the Removal and Custody of any fndmwf'b^the such Person as aforesaid shall be a Debt from such Person to East India7 the East India Coraparty; and that for securing the Payment Company to be thereof the East India Company shall be entitled to enter up th^Lu^ic^nd against such Person as of the Date of the Order for Removal be secured by a from India any Judgment in England or Ireland in an Amount Judgment in sufficient to secure the Payment of all Expenses incurred and to ^fandfandfby be incurred in respect of the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs Decree of He-7 of ascertaining the same as after mentioned; and on Production gistration in at the Office in Edinburgh for the Registration of Writs in the Scotland* Books of Council and Session of a Copy of any Order of the

Court of Directors directing such Judgment to be entered up, certified by the Secretary of the said Company, such Order shall be registered in the said Books in like Manner as a Bond executed according to the Law of Scotland with a Clause of Registration, and Decree shall be interponed thereon which shall have the like Effect as if such Person had executed such Bond, but without Prejudice to the Provisions herein contained for ascertaining the Sum actually due; and that upon Application to be from Time to Time made to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain in England or Chancellor in Ireland, being intrusted with the Care of Persons of unsound Mind, or the Court of Session in Scotland, the Amount of such Expenses reasonably and properly incurred shall be ascertained by a Reference to One of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, or by a Remit to the Accountant of the Court of Session, or

Q q 3 by vOtherWlSCj

Cap. 81.

Lunatics (India).

14 & 15 VICT.

Lunatics and Idiots may be removed from India by Orders of the Supreme Courts at. the several Presidencies.

Transcript of all Inquisitions and Orders to be transmitted and entered of Record, and to be acted upon in the United Kingdom as if the Inquisitions had been taken in the United Kingdom.

otherwise, in such Manner as the Person or Persons to whom such Application shall be made shall direct; and the East India Company shall be entitled from Time to Time to recover Payment of the Amount so ascertained, and the Costs of ascertaining the same, by proceeding on the Judgment in England or Ireland, and Registered Order and Decree in Scotland, and enforcing the same against the Property but not against the Person of the Debtor, in the same Manner as if such Judgment had at the Date of the said Order of Removal been recovered against the Debtor when of sound Mind, and had been entered up at the Date of such Order, or as if such Bond had been granted by the Debtor when of sound Mind at the Date of such Order, and had been duly registered in the Books of Council, and Session, and a Decree of the Court of Session interponed thereto.

V. That in all Cases where a Guardian, Keeper, or Curator of the Person and Estate of any Idiot, Lunatic, or Person of unsound Mind shall have been or shall be appointed by the Supreme Court of Judicature at any of the Presidencies of India> it shall be lawful for such Supreme Court to declare that such Person ought to be removed from India to any Part of the United Kingdom, and thereupon to make such further or other Order or Orders authorizing or directing his Removal, and touching his safe Custody and Maintenance, as to such Supreme Court shall seem fit and proper: Provided always, that in every such Case a Transcript of the Proceedings in the Matter of the Idiotcy or Lunacy of such Person shall, under the Provisions herein-after contained/ be transmitted to that Part of the United Kingdom to which such Person shall be removed.

VI. That in. all Cases where a Guardian, Keeper, or Curator of the Person, and Estate of any Idiot, Lunatic, or Person of unsound Mind shall have been or shall be appointed by any of the Supreme Courts in India as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of the said Supreme Court by the Order of such Court to transmit a Transcript, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Justice or Senior Judge of such Supreme Court, of the Proceedings by which the Idiotcy, Lunacy, or Unsoundness of Mind shall have been found, and by which such Guardian, Keeper, or Curator shall have beqn appointed, to the Chancery in England and the Court of Session in Scotland and the Chancery of Ireland respectively, as the Case may require, jand that such Transcript, when so received, shall bq entered as of Record in the Court or Courts to which the same shall be transmitted; and that in the Case of any Supersedeas of any such Proceedings the same shall be certified and transmitted and recorded in like Manner; and that the Record of any such Proceedings or of any such Supersedeas as aforesaid shall, in case and so long and so far as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or other Persons intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or the Chancellor of Ireland intrusted as

aforesaid.

615

1851. Appointments to Offices, Cap. 82.

aforesaid, (as the Case may require,) shall respectively see fit, be acted upon by him and them respectively, and be of the same Force and Validity, and have the same Force and Effect, as if such Proceedings or Supersedeas, or Proceedings or a Supersedeas to the like Effect, had taken place in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor or other Persons intrusted as aforesaid; the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Chancellor of Ireland intrusted as aforesaid respectively, from Time to Time to make and give all such Orders or Directions by appointing any Committee or Committees, Curator or Curators, or otherwise, as may appear necessary or proper for securing proper Care and Protection to the Person and Estate of such Idiot, Lunatic, or Person of unsound Mind.

VII. That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act Power* given to to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or other Persons intrusted as aforesaid shall and may be exercised in like Man- Keeper ner by and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Commisr and Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any other Person 8^oners^>he or Persons for the Time being intrusted as aforesaid, and the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland intrusted as aforesaid shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given to the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, or any other Person or Persons for the Time being intrusted as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to simplify the Forms of Appointments to certain Offices, and the Manner of passing Grants

[7th August 1851.]

under the Great Seal.

8. c. 11.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of 27 H *

King Henry the Eighth, Chapter Eleven, Provision is ' made that all Writings to be passed under the Great Seals ' therein mentioned should be passed through the Offices of the Signet and Privy Seal respectively, by such Warrants 6 as therein described: And whereas it is expedient to simplify

the Manner of Appointment to Offices held at the Pleasure of the Crown, and the Mode of granting such Charters and c Letters Patent, as herein-after mentioned:' Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. So much of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of So much of King Henry the Eighth as relates to the Warrants and other Writings for or preparatory to the passing of any Gift, Grant, Warrant* for or other Writing under the Great Seal of England therein passing Grants, mentioned, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be £c*u.n^r, the

i j urcflt Scfll

repealed. repealed.

Q q 4 II. In

Authority for passing Grants under the Great Seal.

Signet and Privy Seal Bills, &c. dispensed with.

Offices of Clerks of Signet and Privy Seal abolished.

Compensation to Persons holding abolished Offices, or sustaining Loss of Emolument.

Duties of Signet Office (not superseded by this Act) to be performed in Office of Secretary oft State.

Power to Treasury to rc gulate the Privy Seal

Cap. 82.

Appointments to Offices, 14 & 15 VICT.

II. In every Case where, under the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, or according to the Law or Usage subsisting before the passing of this Act, any Gift, Grant, or Writing whatsoever to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom would have required a Queen's Bill, or Bills from the Offices of the Signet and the Privy Seal respectively, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, after the Commencement of this Act, by Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, addressed to the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to command such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners, (as the Case may be,) to cause Letters Patent to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom according to such Warrant; and every such Warrant shall be prepared by Her Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General for the Time being, or One of them, and shall set forth the Tenor and Effect of the Letters Patent thereby authorized to be granted, and shall be countersigned by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and shall be sealed with the Privy Seal, for which sealing such Royal Sign Manual, so countersigned as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Warrant to the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal; and such Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, so countersigned and sealed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for passing Letters Patent under such Great Seal, according to the Tenor of the same Warrant, any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and no Queen's Bill, Signet Bill, Privy Seal Bill, or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever, save as herein provided, shall be necessary for or preparatory to the passing of such Letters Patent.

III. From and after the Commencement of this Act the several Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Clerks of the Privy Seal shall be abolished.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant to the Persons holding Offices hereby abolished, and to all Persons who may sustain any Loss of Fees or Emolument by reason of the passing of this Act, such Compensation as, having regard to the Tenure and Nature of their respective Offices, such Commissioners deem just and proper to be awarded.

Y. All Powers and Duties whatever now exercised or performed by the Clerks of Her Majesty's Signet or otherwise in the Office of Her Majesty's Signet, not superseded or otherwise provided for by this Act, shall after the Commencement of this Act be exercised and performed, in the Office and under the Direction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, by such Persons as such Secretary of State shall from Time to Time appoint.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Iler Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time after the passing of this

Goo;

1851, Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee. Cap. 83. 617

Act, to determine and regulate the Establishment to be main- Office, and fix tained after the Commencement of this Act for executing the S*1"* Duties of the Privy Seal Office, and to fix the Salaries to be paid to the several Officers of such Establishment.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or Chancel-Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, from Time to Time after the passing of this may make Act, to frame and establish such further Buies and Regulations , Uules concern-to be observed in the passing of Letters Patent under the Great ^j^ttcrsT^ Seal of the United Kingdom as shall seem to them expedient. Patent.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall Act not to affect extend to or affect any Letters Patent, Writ, Commission, or

other Writing which may now be passed under the Great Seal through'Signet by the Fiat or under the Authority or Directions of the Lord and Privy Seal High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of offices» the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or otherwise, without passing through the Offices of the Signet and the Privy Seal.

IX. Nor shall the Duties, Rights, Patronage, Privileges of nor Rights, &c.

Nomination, or other Privileges belonging to or exercised by Chan-

the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, in the Name or on the Behalf of Her Majesty, or otherwise, be by this Act in any way or respect prejudiced, affected, or varied, except so far as is herein specifically enacted.

X. This Act shall, save where herein otherwise provided, Commence-commence from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One mcl, t of AcU thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

CAP. LXXXIII!

An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should ' " be made for the Administration of Justice in the High ' Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy ' Council: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, Power to Her by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to appoint Two Persons, being or having been respectively er- Barristers-at-Law of Fifteen Years standing, to be Judges of Judge* of the the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and every Judge so ap- C°«rt°r.Appeal pointed shall hold his Office during good Behaviour; provided 10 ancer}* always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to remove any such Judge from his Office upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament; and the Lord Chancellor, together with such Two Judges, for the Time being appointed as aforesaid, shall form the Court of Appeal in Chancery.

n II- If

Power to appoint Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer for each Judge.

Precedence oP Judges of Court of Appeal.

Judges of Court of Appeal to take the following Oath.

Court of Appeal to hare the Jurisdiction now exercised by the Lord Chancellor.

Statutory Jurisdiction now exercised by the Lord Chancellor as a Judge in Chancery maybe exercised by the Court of Appeal.

Jurisdiction of Vice Chancellor in Bankruptcy transferred to the Court of Appeal.

Cap. 83, .Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in and by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, or by any other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to direct that each of the Judges to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall have a Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer, to be from Time to Time appointed and removed by such Judge at his Pleasure; and the Secretaries, Registrars, and other Officers appointed to attend the Lord Chancellor shall attend the said Court of Appeal and the respective Judges thereof as Circumstances shall require, and the Lord Chancellor shall direct.

III. The said Judges shall be styled Lords Justices of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and shall have Rank and Precedence next after the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and as between themselves shall have Rank and Precedence according to the Order and Time of their Appointment.

IV. Every Judge so appointed shall previous to his executing any of the Duties of his Office take the following Oath, which the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls for the Time being is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer:

| do solemnly and sincerely

f promise and swear. That I will duly and faithfully, and to ' the best of my Skill and Power, execute the Office of Lord f Justice of the Court of Appeal in Chancery.

So help me GOD. '

V. From and aftgr the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one all the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Chancery in England which is now. possessed and exercised by the Lord Chancellor in the said Court of Chancery, and all Powers, Authorities, and Duties, as well ministerial as judicial, incident to such Jurisdiction, now exercised and performed by the Lord Chancellor, shall and may be had, exercised, and performed by the said Court of Appeal.

VI. Where under any Act of Parliament any Jurisdiction is vested in the Lord Chancellor, or any Power, Authority, or Duty is to be exercised or performed by the Lord Chancellor, and under the Directions of any Act or by the Usage in this Behalf such Power, Authority, or Duty is or ought to be exercised or performed by the Lord Chancellor acting judicially in the said Court of Chancery, all such Jurisdiction, Power, Authority, and Duty, and the ministerial Powers and Authorities incident thereto or consequent thereupon, which are now exercised and performed by the Lord Chancellor, shall from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one be had, exercised, and performed by the said Court of Appeal.

VII. From and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction, original and appellate, given and granted to the Vice Chancellors of the said Court of Chancery, or any of them, under the Bankrupt Law. Consolidation Act made and passed

At9

Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee. Cap. 83.

in One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, or otherwise had, possessed, or exercised by the said Vice Chancellors, or any of them, in Matters of Bankruptcy, shall be granted to, vested in, exercised, and possessed by the said Court of Appeal; and all the Provisions of the said Act in relation to such Appeals to such Vice Chancellor shall be construed accordingly: Provided always, that there shall not be any Appeal from the Decision of the said Court of Appeal to the Lord Chancellor, anything in the said Bankrupt Law Consolidation Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. It shall be lawful to the said Court of Appeal and the Master of the Rolls, and the Vice Chancellors, and for each of the said Jurisdictions, to sit, with the Assistance of any Judge of either of Her Majesty's Courts of Common Law at Westminster, upon the Request of the Lord Chancellor, if any such Common Law Judge shall find it convenient to attend upon such Request.

IX. The Decision of the Majority of the Judges of the Court of Appeal shall be taken and deemed to be the Decision of the said Court; and if the Judges of the Court be equally divided in opinion on any Cause or Matter brought before the Court by way of Appeal, the Decree or Order appealed from shall be taken and deemed to be affirmed by the Court of Appeal.

X. All Decisions, Decrees, or Orders of the Court of Appeal, including Decisions in. Matters of Bankruptcy, shall be subject to Appeal to the House of Lords in the Cases and under the Conditions in and under which the like Decisions, Decrees, or Orders of the Lord Chancellor would have been subject to such Appeal if this Act had not been passed; but the Appeal to the House of Lords in Matters of Bankruptcy shall be only on Matters of Law or Equity, or on the Rejection or Admission of Evidence, and on a special Case to be approved and certified by One of the Judges of the Court of Appeal hereby constituted, whose Determination on the Settlement of such Case shall be final and conclusive.

XI. All the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities of the said Court of Appeal may be exercised either by One only of the Judges for the Time being appointed under this Act and the Lord Chancellor sitting together as such Court of. Appeal, or by both of the Judges so appointed sitting as such Court apart from the Lord Chancellor, either in his Absence from the said Court of Chancery, or during the same Time as he is sitting in such Court: Provided always, that the Lord Chancellor shall and may also while sitting alone or apart from such Two Judges have and exercise the like Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities, as well as all such other Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities as might have been exercised by the Lord Chancellor if this Act had not been passed.

XII. The Lord Chancellor shbll fix the Times at which the Two Judges of the said Court of Appeal appointed under this Act, or either of them, shall sit with the Lord Chancellor, and

oglst

Common Law Judges may sit on Request of Lord Chancellor.

Decision of* Majority to be binding; if Court equally divided the Decree, &c. to be affirmed.

Decrees, &c. of the said Court of Appeal may be appealed from to the House of Lords.

One Judge sitting with Lord Chancellor, or both Judges sitting apart from him, to form Court of Appeal.

Lord Chancellor sitting alone to have coordinate Jurisdiction with the CourtofAppeaL

Lord Chancellor to regulate Sittings and Business of CourtofAppeaL

620

Saving of the ministerial and certain oilier Powers of the Lord Chancellor.

One of the Judges of the Court of Appeal jnay sit for

Cap. 83. Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee.

at which such Two Judges shall sit apart from him as such Court of Appeal, and also what Appeals and Matters now usually heard and determined by the Lord Chancellor, and hereby made subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Appeal, shall be heard and determined by such Court when the Lord Chancellor is sitting with the said Judges to be appointed under this Act or One of them, and by such Judges when sitting apart from such Lord Chancellor, and by such Lord Chancellor when sitting alone, respectively, and generally may make such Regulations as to him may seem proper for dividing and regulating the Business of the said Court of Appeal, and for the Attendartce of a Registrar of the said Court of Chancery at the Sittings of the said Court of Appeal.

XIII. Nothing herein contained shall affect any of the Powers, Duties, or Authorities attached to the Office of Lord Chancellor, or exercised by the Lord Chancellor as Keeper of the Great Seal, except the Powers, Authorities, and Duties which are exercised and performed by him acting as a Judge in the said Court of Chancery, either by virtue of his ordinary Jurisdiction or of any Statute, and the ministerial Powers and Authorities incident thereto respectively, or affect the Powers, Authorities, and Duties of the Lord Chancellor, under and by virtue of any Appointment under the Sign Manual of the Crown, as having the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind, or in relation to Letters Patent, Grants, or Writings passed or to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or the Revocation of such Letters Patent, Grants, or Writings, or the Powers and Authorities of the Lord Chancellor in right or on behalf of Her Majesty as Visitor of any Charity or other Foundation, or the Powers of the Lord Chancellor of Appointment to or Removal from or otherwise in relation to Offices in the Court of Chancery, or other Offices, save as herein specially provided, or the Powers of the Lord Chancellor to direct and regulate the Sittings and Duties of the Vice Chancellors, or any Powers of the Lord Chancellor (whether to be exercised by the Lord Chancellor alone, or with the Concurrence or Advice or Consent of the Master of the Rolls, or of the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellors, or otherwise,) to make Rules or Orders for regulating the Practice, Proceedings, and Business of the Court of Chancery, or the Business or Duties of any of the Offices or Officers of such Court; and in all Cases where the Concurrence, Advice, or Consent of the Master of the Rolls and of One of the Vice Chancellors, or of either of them, shall be requisite for the making of such Rules or Orders, the Concurrence, Advice, or Consent of One of the Judges appointed by virtue of this Act may be substituted for that of the Master of the Rolls or of such Vice Chancellor.

XIV. In case the Master of the Rolls or any Vice Chancellor of the High Court of Chancery shall be prevented by Illness or otherwise from sitting at any Time when according to ordinary

Course

Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee\ Cap. 83.

Course his Court would be open, the Lord Chancellor may, by Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time, so often as Occasion may require, authorize One of the Judges of the said Court of Appeal to sit for the hearing and determining of Causes and Matters in lieu of the Master of the Rolls or such Vice Chancellor, and the Judge sitting under such Authority as aforesaid may, for the Purpose of disposing of any Cause or Matter which has been partly heard by him, continue such his Sittings, notwithstanding the Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor in whose Stead he has partly heard such Cause or Matter may also be sitting for the Hearing of other Causes or Matters; and all Decrees and Orders made by such Judge in pursuance of such Authority shall be of the same Effect and Validity and subject to Revision and Appeal, in the same Manner in all respects as if made by the Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor, as the Case may be: Provided always, that such Judge shall not sit as a Judge of the said Court of Appeal upon any Appeal from any Decree or Order made by himself.

XV. Every Person holding or who has held the Office of a Judge of the Court of Appeal in Chancery shall, if a Member of Her Majesty's Privy Council, be a Member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

XVI. So much of the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-one, as provides that no Matter shall be heard, nor shall any Order, Report, or Recommendation be made, by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, in pursuance of that Act, unless in the Presence of at least Four Members of the said Committee, shall be repealed; and no Matter shall be heard, nor shall any Order, Report, or Recommendation be made, by the said Judicial Committee, in pursuance of the said Act or any other Act, unless in the Presence of at least Three Members of the said Committee, exclusive of the Lord President of Her Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being.

XVII. From and after the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Salary of the Lord Chancellor shall be the net yearly Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and there shall be deducted from the yearly Sum payable to the Lord Chancellor under the Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty-two, the Amount of any Salary or Sum which for the Time being may be payable to the Lord Chancellor as Speaker of the House of Lords, so that such yearly Sum only shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Lord Chancellor, under and according to the Provisions of the said Act, as with the Salary or Sum certified (as herein-after mentioned) to be payable to the Lord Chancellor as such Speaker shall be sufficient to make up the net yearly Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and the Clerk Assistant of the Parliaments shall on or before the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and from

Cnr Time

621

Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor during his temporary Absence.

Judges of Court of Appeal, if Privy Council* lors, to be of the Judicial Committee.

No Matter to be heard, &c. by Judicial Committee unless Three Members are present, exclusive of Lord President.

Provision as to Lord Chancellor's Salary.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 122.

Salary of the Master of the Rolls reduced to 6,000l.

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 46.

Salary of6,000£ to be paid to each of the Judges of the Court of Appeal appointed under this Act out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Suitors Fund.

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity to

Cap. 83. Cdurt of Chancery and Judicial Cdhnriittee.

Time to Time, so often as the Salary or Sum payable to the Lord Chancellor as such Speaker is altered, certify in Writing Under the Hand of such Clerk Assistant, to the said Governor and Company, the Amount of the Salary or Sum for the Time being payable to the Lord Chancellor as such Speaker.

XVIII. From and after the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, in lieu of the Salary payable to the Master of the Rolls under the Act of the Session holden in the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-six, there shall be paid, for the Salary of the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, out of the Fund, on the Days, and according to the Provisions mentioned and contained in the said Act, the annual Sum of Six thousand Pounds, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions.

XIX. Out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may hereafter arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be plaoed in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to the Two Accounts, intituled " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and, " better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest tt arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed " out for the Benefit and further Security of the Suitors of the " High Court of Chancery," or either of them, there shall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries or Sums of Money by any former Act or Acts now* in force directed or authorized to be paid thereout), by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Lord Chancellor to be made from Time to Time for that Purpose, without any Draft from the Accountant General, the net yearly Salary of Six thousand Pounds to each of the Judges of the said Court of Appeal for the Time being appointed under this Act, the net yearly Salary of Four hundred Pounds to his Secretary, the net yearly Salary of Two hundred and fifty Pounds to his Usher, the net yearly Salary of One hundred Pounds to his Trainbearer; and also a Sum of Forty Pounds per Annum to each of the Persons appointed or to be appointed under the Act of the Session holden in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter: One hundred and sixty-four, and under the Act of the Session1 holden in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Five, to keep Order in the Courts therein mentioned, and in' addition to the Salary of Forty Pounds thereby provided; all: such Payments to be made respectively on the Days and according to the Provisions as to proportionate Parts thereof respeo-r tively and otherwise mentioned and contained in the said last-mentioned Act in relation to the Salaries of the Vice Chancellors and Officers appointed under such Act.

XX It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Gre$t Seal of the United Kingdom, to grant to any Person

Court of Chancery and Judicial Committee. Cap. 83;

623

Person appointed to and executing the Office of a Judge of the each said Court of Appeal in pursuance of this Act an Annuity not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to commence and take effect immediately after the Period when the Person to whom such Annuity is granted resigns his Office, and to continue from thenceforth during the natural Life of such Person; and such Annuity shall be issued and payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as by any Acts of Parliament now in force have been directed to be paid thereout, but with Precedence to all other Payments which shall hereafter be charged thereupon; and such Annuity shall be paid on the Days and according to the Provisions mentioned and contained in the said Act of the Fifth Year of Her Majesty, in relation to the Annuities granted on Resignation of Office to the Vice Chancellors appointed under that Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to limit the Duration of such Annuity or any Part thereof to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person as he shall not exercise any Office of Profit under Her Majesty, so that such Annuity, together with the Profits of such Office, shall together not exceed the said Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds: Provided also, that no Annuity granted to any Person having executed the said Office of a Judge of the said Court of Appeal shall be valid unless such Person have held such Office for the Period of Fifteen Years, or have held such Office, and any of the Offices of Master of the Rolls, Vice Chancellor, or Judge of One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, for Periods amounting together to Fifteen Years, or be affected with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

XXI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor (in case it Lord Chancel-shall hereafter appear to be necessary) by Writing under his -empowered. Hand to appoint One additional Registrar of the Court of Chancery, and from Time to Time to fill up any Vacancy in the said appoint an ad-Office; and the Person to be appointed such additional Registrar ditional Regis-shall be the senior of the Clerks to the Registrars of the said trar '

Court for the Time being, to whom no sufficient Objection to* the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made; and stich additional Registrar shall rank next after the junior of the>

Registrars for the Time being appointed under the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Five, and shall personally do and perform all the Duties and have and enjoy all the Rights and Privileges belonging to the Office of Registrar, and shall be subject to the several Provisions and Penalties contained in the said Act relating to the Registrars of the Said Court, and be entitled, in case of permanent Infirmity or after Continuance in Office for Forty Years, to the like Annuity as if he had been appointed Registrar in and by the said

Salary of such Registrar to be paid out of Suitors Fund.

Additional Salary to the Eleventh Clerk to the Registrars.

Interpretation of Term " Lord Chancellor.' *

Cap. 84. Canterbury Association. 14 & 15 VICT.

said Act: Provided always, that the Acceptance of the Office of additional Registrar by such senior Clerk for the Time being shall be without Prejudice to all his Rights of Succession to the Office of Registrar under the said Act.

XXII. Out of the Fund placed to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court, intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account," or the other Funds charged with and made liable for the Payment of the Salaries of the present Registrars, there shall be paid to such additional Registrar from the Date of his Appointment the Salary or net yearly Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and also, so long as he shall be liable for the Expenses of writing and copying the Decrees and Orders, and the Minutes of the Decrees and Orders of the said Court, the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, on the Days and in the Manner provided by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Five, with respect to the Payment of the Salaries of the present Registrars.

XXIII. In the event of the Appointment of such additional Registrar there shall be paid to the Eleventh Clerk to the Registrars for the Time being, from the Date of such Appointment, out of the said Fund, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund," or such other Funds as aforesaid, the same Salary or yearly Sum, and on the same Days and in the same Manner as by the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Five, is appointed and directed to be paid to the Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Clerks to the Registrars.

XXIV. In the Construction of this Act, unless such Meaning be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context, the Expression " Lord Chancellor" shall mean and include the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, for the Time being.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand.

[7th August 1851.]

i

t

i

C

i

t

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, which said Act recites certain Letters Patent dated the Thirteenth Day of November in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, incorporating the said Association, and also a certain Agreement dated the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, between the said Association and the New Zealand Company: And whereas by the said Letters Patent the said Association are empowered from Time to Time to make Byelaws, and alter and revoke the same, as in the said Letters Patent mentioned: And whereas.

it

1851.

Canterbury Association.

Cap. 84.

625

4 it is expedient to alter and amend some of the Provisions of the said recited Act, and to provide for the better and more effective Regulation of the Proceedings of the said Association,

and to confer additional Powers upon the said Association with respect to the Land in the said Settlement Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That it shall be lawful for the said Association by their Power to Can-said Byelaws to impose such reasonable Penalties upon all t?rb.ulT Af«>-Persons, being Members, Officers, or Servants of the said p^pe^tfe* Association, offending against such Byelaws, as the said Asso- for Breach of ciation may think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Byelaw*. Offence.

II. That such Byelaws shall be reduced into Writing, and Byelaw* to be shall fiave affixed thereto the Common Seal of the said Associa-

tion, and a Copy thereof shall be hung up and continued on some conspicuous Part of the principal Office or Premises of the said Association, so as to give public Notice thereof to the Parties interested therein or affected thereby; and such Copy shall from Time to Time be renewed as often as the Byelaws thereon, or any Part thereof, shall be obliterated or destroyed, and such Copy of the Byelaws shall be approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and no Penalty imposed by any such Byelaw shall be recoverable unless the same shall have been published and kept published in manner aforesaid.

III. That all the Byelaws made by the said Association shall Byelaw* to be be so framed as to allow the Justices before whom any Penalty pe, ^aat imposed thereby may be sought to be recovered as herein-after bemidgat^J provided to order a Part only of such Penalty to be paid, if

such Justices shall think fit.

IV. That any Penalty imposed by any such Byelaw may be A* to Recovery recovered by summary Proceedings before Two Justices, in the of Pena, ties* Manner provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures

in and by "The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with the like Power of Appeal given by the said last-mentioned Act.

V. That the Production of a written or printed Copy of the Evidence of Byelaws of the said Association, having the Common Seal of Byelaw *, the said Association affixed thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence

of such Byelaws in all Cases of Prosecution under the same, and in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others.

VI. That the Committee of Management of the said Associa- Proceeding* to tion in the said Letters Patent mentioned shall cause Notes,

Minutes, or Copies, as the Case may require, of all Appointments signed by the made or Contracts entered into by the said Committee of Management or any Sub-Committee, and of the Orders and Proceedings of all Meetings of the said Association, and of the said Committee of Management, and of Sub-Committees, to be duly entered in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided for the [iVo. 40. Price 2d.'] R r Purpose,

Chairman, and to be Evidence.

Cap. £4. '

Canterbury dgsockUitm. 14 & 15 Vict.

Power for Association to constitute «'Managing Cora-mi^toe in the Settlement of Canterbury, and to delegate Authority to them.

Power to re* serve and appropriate Land for public fur-, poses.

Limitation of Power to reserve and appropriate Land.

Purpose, which shall be kept under the Superintendence of the said Committee of Management; and every such Entry shall be signed by the Chairman of such Meeting, and such> Entry, so signed, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others, without Proof of sfceh respective Meetings having been duly convened or held, or of the Persons making or entering such Orders or Proceedings being Members of the said Association or of the said Committee, of Management, or of any Sub-Committee respectively, or of the Signature of the Chairman, or of the Fact of his having been Chairman, all of which last mentioned Matters shall be pre-r sumed, until the contrary be proved *

VII. That it shall be lawful for the said Association from Time to Time, by Writing under their Common Seal, to appoint Persons, being Members of the said Association, to be and act as Members of a Managing Committee, of the said Association within the said Settlement, and such Managing Committed shall have, exercise, and enjoy within the said Settlement all such Functions, Rights, Powers, and Authorities as the said Associar tion shall, by any Writing under their Common Seal, from Time to Time vest in, and confer upon them, with Pow, er to the said Association from Time to Time to revoke, alter, and vary the same: Provided always, that such Managing Committee shall not. have, exercise, or enjoy any Functions, Rights, Powers, oar Authority other than such as the said Association by virtue of the Powers vested in them may lawfully have, exercise, and enjoy within the said Settlement.

1 VIII. That it shall be lawful for the said Association and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by Deed uoder the Common Seal of the said Association, to reserve, and appro* priate for any of the Purposes to which the Funds of the said Association are by the said Letters Patent made applicable, say Part or Parts of the Land in the said Settlement, b^ing at the Time unsold and unappropriated; and every such Deed shall, declare the Purpose for which the Land therein mentioned ib. intended to be reserved and appropriated; and upon due Execution of every auch Deed the Land therein mentioned shall vest in and be held by the said Association, in trust for the Purpose# therein declared: Provided always, that for every Acre of Land so reserved and appropriated as aforesaid that Part of the Fundi! of the said Association whiqh under the said Letters Patent, and the said recited Act is or shall be applicable to the Purpose for which such Land is declared to be reserved and appropriated shall be charged with and subject to the Payment of a Sum of Money equal to the current Price oC every such Acre considered as sold to an ordinary Purchaser, |tnd the said Money shall be distributed and appropriated in the same Manner as Money arising from ordinary Sales of Land by the said Association: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Association to reserve and appropriate Land as aforesaid unless, the said Part of the said Funds in the Hands of the said Asso- a mation

1851* Canterbury Association. Cap. 84. 62T

ciation for the Time being applicable as aforesaid is sufficient to pay a Sum equal to the Price of such Land considered as sold to an ordinary Purchaser, after deducting the Amount which would be appropriated to such Part of the said Funds on such Distribution as aforesaid.

IX; That it shall be lawful for the said Association and they Power to pnmt are hereby exclusively empowered to grant Licences for cutting, Timber felling, and carrying away Timber growing upon the said unsold cences* and unappropriated Part of the said Land; and the Money arising from the granting of such Licences shall be applied by the said Association in the same Manner as the Money arising from Licences for Pasturage granted under the Powers of the said recited Act.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the said Association , Power* of the ' should be empowered to prepare for Occupation the unsold and ' unappropriated Part of the Land in the said Settlement, and to cu^bn un«p-"

regulate and control the Use by Licence of the said Part of the prppriatedLand (said. Land in the Manner herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Association to survey, demine Db-improve, and prepare for Cultivation and the Reception of putes respecting Settlers, any Lands in the said Settlement which may. for the ^<2^ntof Time being remain unsold and unappropriated, and for all or any CCnCC4' such Purposes in or upon any such Land to enter, and make and construct Roads, Railroads, Canals, Drains, Bridges, Perries, and other internal Communications, and Docks, Buildings, and Works necessary or expedient for the Occupation or Improvement of any such Lands, and from Time to Time to change, remove, or vary the same, and also rto alter, diverj, and deepen the Channels of Rivers and Streams, and to make Locks,

Dams, and Weirs therein, and further, that it shall be lawful for the Association, along the Coast within the Limits of the said Settlement, and as well below as above Low-water Mark, to make, build, erect, construct, and lay down Piers, Moles,

Breakwaters, Quays, Lighthouses, Beacons, Harbours, Buoys, # and Moorings, and all such other Works and Buildings as they may from Time to Time deem expedient, with Power to ebangC, remove, or vary the same or any Part thereof, and generally that the said Association shall have over the said unsold and unappropriated Lands of the said Settlement, and over the Waters and Watercourses thereof, all such Rights, Powers^ and '

Authorities, for all and every the Purposes aforesaid, as Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, can or may have* so long as the same shall respectively remain unappropriated and undis- posed of by the said Association; and that it shall be lawful for the said Association to regulate and control the Use of the said Land enjoyed under Licences for Pasturage, or cutting, felling, and carrying away Timber, by them granted, under the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act respectively, and in oase of Disputes between the Holders of such Licences, or between' them and the said Association or other Persons, with respeetto the Enjoyment of the Rights conferred by such Lieenoes, to

R r 2 by decide

Further Grants of Land to be subject to prior Provisions respecting the Settlement.

Extent of Act.

6 W.4. c. IS.

decide and determine such Disputes; and every such Decision and Determination of the said Association shall be final and conclusive, and binding upon the Parties affected thereby.

XI. That if at any Time during the Continuance of the Powers of the said Association Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall authorize the Governor for the Time being of the Colony of New Zealand to grant, under the public Seal of the said Colony, any other Waste Lands in the said Colony, or shall otherwise declare, such Declaration to be signified by Writing under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, that any other Lands therein situate shall be added to the Lands comprised in the said Settlement, all such Lands shall thereupon become Part and Parcel of the said Settlement, and the said Association shall thenceforth have over all such Lands the same disposing and all other Powers and Authorities as they shall have over the Lands then comprised in the said Settlement, and all such Lands shall be thereupon dealt with and disposed of by the said Association in the same Manner, and under the same Restrictions, and considered in all respects, as if the same had originally formed Part of the Settlement, and had been included in the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act.

XII. That this Act shall extend to and be in force in the said Colony of New Zealand and its Dependencies.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.] 4

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of His " late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act

to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and the said Act has been amended by several subsequent Acts, and it is expedient that the same should be further amended: And whereas by the Eighth Section of the said Act c it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant ' or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint Eighteen Persons to be Paymasters, Storekeepers, and Clerks:

And whereas the said Lord Lieutenant was by the said recited Act empowered to remove the said Paymasters, Storekeepers, and Clerks, or any of them: And whereas it having been

deemed expedient to discontinue the said Offices of Paymaster, c. Storekeeper, and Clerk, the same were accordingly discon-c tinued from the First Day of April last Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons,

629

1851. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Cap. 85.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That the said Offices of Paymaster, Storekeeper, and Clerk Offices of Pay under the said recited Act shall be discontinued, and shall be £uster» ^tore-deemed to have been from the said First Day of April last dis- OeriTunder continued accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the Commis- the said Act, sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant such Superannuation Continued. Allowances or Gratuities as they may think proper to the Paymasters, Storekeepers, and Clerks so discontinued, not exceeding the Amounts respectively which would or might be authorized under the Provisions of the Act of the Fourth ss. 6. & ss.

Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four; such Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to be charged on the Constabulary Superannuation Fund: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any Time hereafter to appoint a Paymaster and Storekeeper for the Depot of the Reserved Force of the said Constabulary Force, with such Salary as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit, and to be paid in like Manner as any Officers of the said Reserved Force.

II. And whereas under the Provisions of the said recited *n»e Commit Act the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, were make^Rules as empowered to make Rules and Regulations in respect of the to the Performparticular fiscal Duties to be discharged by such Paymasters as *nccoftheDuaforesaid:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the required from Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time the Paymasters to make Rules and Regulations with respect to the several ?nd Store* Duties (save as herein-after provided) by the said recited Act, eepeT8* and the Acts amending the same, required to be performed by such Paymasters, Storekeepers, and Clerks as aforesaid, and with respect to the Performance of the said Duties, and with respect to the Persons belonging to the said Constabulary Force, who shall henceforth perform the said Duties heretofore performed by such Paymasters, Storekeepers, and Clerks.

III. And whereas under the said recited Acts the Pay- 6W.4. c.is.s.5i. 4 masters appointed thereunder were required to make up their 2&s Vict. c. 75. 4 Accounts half-yearly as therein provided, and to transmit the same to the Receiver of the said Constabulary Force, and Copies thereof were directed to be transmitted to the respective Grand Juries, and laid before the Magistrates at the Special Road Sessions next preceding the Assizes; and divers other Provisions were made respecting the said Accounts:

And whereas by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years ha 12 Vict.

of Her present Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-two, Pro- c. 72.

vision is made as to the Form of Certificates to be transmitted to the Secretaries of Grand Juries by the Inspector General or a Deputy Inspector General of the said Force as to the Sums chargeable on the respective Counties, Counties of Cities,

or Counties of Towns in respect of the said Constabulary

R r 3 4 Force

630

Cap. 85.

Constabulary Force (Ireland)* 14 & 15 V let.

The Receiver of f ForceBe'it enacted, That in place and stead of the Account* wb^\he° 80 heretofore required to be transmitted to the respective Grand

Special Roed

counts of Soma chargeable on Counties *

2a S Vict c. 75. s. SO, ' repealed.

Expenses incurred in conveying Prisoners;

in pursuit of Offenders;

Juries, and laid before the Magistrates at such Special Bead Sessions, the Receiver of the Constabulary Force shall from and after the passing of this Act transmit or cause to be transmitted an Account of all such Sums (and such Sums only) as are chargeable on each County, County of a City, or County of a Town, under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Constabulary Force, to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of such respective County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which the same shall relate, and the same shall be by him laid before the Magistrates at the Special Road Sessions next preceding the next Assizes, who shall inspect the same; and the Chairman of such Special Road Sessions shall transmit each such Account to the Inspector General of the said Constabulary Forces with such Remarks thereon as such Special Road Sessions shall think fit to be made; and each such Account so transmitted to the said Inspector General shall be dealt with by him in like Manner and isubject to like Provision as the half-yearly Accounts heretofore laid before and transmitted from such Special Road Sessions to the said Inspector General under the Provisions of the said Acts; and such Certificate shall be prepared and transmitted by the said Inspector General or a Deputy Inspector General as by the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty is provided.

IV. And whereas by an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better ' Regulation of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, it is among ' other things provided, that the Expenses incurred in respect of the Conveyance of Prisoners as therein mentioned shall be ' defrayed by the Paymasters of the said Constabulary Force out ' of any Funds in his or their Hands applicable to $he Main-

tenance of the said Force, and the same shall be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts as if the same had been a Disbursement in respect of the said Force, subject to such

(i Provisions as therein contained as to the same being charge-c able on and presented by the Grand Juries of the respective

Counties:' Be it enacted, That the said Provision shall be and is hereby repealed; and in every Case where any F'xpenses shall have been actually incurred or shall be proper to be incurred by any -County Inspector, Sub'Inspector, Head or other Constable, Oaoler, Bridewell Keeper, or other Person in conveying any Prisoner to or from any County Gaol or Bridewell or House of Correction, or other Place, or for Examination before any Justice or Coroner in Ireland, or to or from any Assizes or Sessions or other Place in Ireland, or from any County Gaol or Bridewell or other Place to a District Lunatic Asylum in Ireland, or in the Pursuit of any Person charged with the Commission of any Offence in any Part of Ireland, to whatever Place in the United Kingdom of England, Ireland, and Scotland, or elsewhere, he may have escaped, or to which there shall be

reasonable

1851.

Constabulary Force (Ireland).

Cap. 85.

631

reasonable and probable Grounds for supposing he has escaped, or in the Conveyance of any Witnesses for Examination before a Justice or Coroner, or to any Assizes or Quarter Sessions, jor in the Conveyance of any stolen Property to any Assizes or 'Sessions by Order of any Justice or other lawful Authority, or in attending ai any Assizes or Sessions out of his proper County to prosecute any Offence committed within the County where he shall so attend for such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Justice'or other Authority before whom any such Prisoner or Witness shall be taken, or under whose Authority any such 1 Officer, Constable, or other Person shall have acted, or for any Justice of the 'County or Place wherein1 the Offence shall be 'charged to have been committed, to deliver to such Officer, 'Constable, or other Person a Certificate in Writing that he is entitled to his Expenses to such Extent as such Justice shall think reasonable and necessary, and also to his Expense of returning again; and all such Expenses as aforesaid shall be defrayed by the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary of the County and District m which the Offence shall be charged to have been committed, or from which (in the Case of a Lunatic) such Lunatic shall have been so conveyed, out of any Funds in his " Hands applicable to the Maintenance of the said Constabulary Foifce; and the several Sub-Inspectors of the Constabulary Force in each County shall transmit once in each Month to the County Inspector Accounts duly vouched of the Expenses so incurred ais aforesaid ohaVgeable on such County, County of a -City, or County of a Town; and such County Inspector shall ' certify to the best of his Knowledge and Belief as to the

Accuracy of such Accounts, both as regards the Number of Officers or Men of such Constabulary Force employed in such -Service, and the Time they were so employed, and alk> as Regards any extra Pay to which any such Officers or *Men are ' entitled Under the Regulations of the said Force, and also as -regards any other Charge made in such Account; and such Accounts, when so certified, shall be transmitted by such County

- Inspector to the Board of Superintendence of the County Gaol of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town for

1 "which he shall act; and such Board of Superintendence are hereby empowered and required, without any unreasonable Delay, 'to examine such Accounts, and upon being satisfied of their Reasonableness and Accuracy they are hereby empowered and required either to pay the same out of any Funds under their Coiltfrol, or to grant an Order or Orders, signed by any Two or more1 Members of such Board, directed to the County Treasurer Or Finance Committee, as the Case may be, requiring him or them to pay to the respective Sub-Inspectors therein named the several Sums payable to them upon such Accounts; and each such Board of Superintendence shall and they are hereby ^required before each Assizes or Presenting Term to prepare an Estimate of all such Sums as they shall deem to be necessary to cover the said Expenses as aforesaid for such County, County

Rr 4 of

in carrying Witnesses;

in carrying stolen Property, and in attending Assizes, &c. 5

to be certified by Justice;

and to be paid by Sub-Inspector of Constabulary.

Accounts of such Expenses to be laid before Boards of Superintendence of Gaols, and paid under their Order; Monies to be presented by Grand Juries

Sums advanced for the Pursuit of Offenders to be repaid by Presentment,

6 & 7 Vict. c. 56.

Duties directed by recited Act to be performed by Paymaster to be performed by such Officer as may be directed by Inspector General.

Incapacitated Persons enabled to make Grants or Leases of

Cap. 85 *

Constabulary Force (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

of a City, or County of a Town for the ensuing Half Year, or for the ensuing Year in the Case of the County of Dublin! and shall cause the same to be laid before such respective Grand Jury at the Assizes or Presenting Term; and each such Grand Jury shall and they are hereby required to present the Sum specified in such Estimate to be raised from the County at large, County of a City, or County of a Town, as any other Sums presented at such Assizes or Presenting Term, which Sums, when so raised, shall be applicable to the Payment of the Orders made as aforesaid for the Payment of such Expenses; and if the Sums so raised as aforesaid shall prove insufficient, the said Treasurer or Finance Committee shall apply to such Payments any other available Funds in his or their Hands; and in the Case of any such Monies not being duly paid as aforesaid, and also in the Case of Monies advanced by the Receiver of the Constabulary Force, or other Person, by the Authority of the Chief or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or the Inspector General of the said Constabulary Force, for the Pursuit or Apprehension of any Person charged with the Commission of any Offence as aforesaid, the Amount of the Monies so unpaid as aforesaid, and also the Amount of the Expenses incurred in such Pursuit or Apprehension, shall be included in the Certificate which the said Inspector General is required to make of the Expenses of the Constabulary Force chargeable on the respective Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, and the same shall be dealt with, presented, and paid as any other Sums included in such Certificate: Provided always, that a Statement of the Items of Account of Expenses so chargeable shall be transmitted to such Grand Jury, together with such Certificate: Provided also, that nothing in this Section contained shall commence or take effect until on and from the First Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

V. And whereas by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Deo- dandsy Amerciaments^ and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland,

and for the Appropriation thereof certain Duties, Matters, and ' Things are directed and provided to be performed by such ' Paymasters as aforesaid:' Be it enacted, That all such Duties, Matters, and Things so directed and provided to be performed or done under the said Act by any such Paymaster as aforesaid shall be performed and done by such Officer or Officers of the Constabulary Force as the said Inspector General, with the Approval of the Chief or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland^ shall direct in that Behalf, and the said Provisions of the said Act shall apply to such Officer or Officers in like Manner as to such Paymaster as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision

for facilitating Grants or Demises of Lands or Houses for the Use of the Constabulary Force:' Be it enacted, That it shall

Constabulary Force (Ireland). Cap. 85, 86.

633

be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Cor- the

porations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, or for coLubuUrr. any other partial or qualified Estates or Interests, Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors or Administrators, and all Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs or Successors, but also for or on behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in reversion, remainder, or expectancy after them, if incapacitated, and for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatic *, Idiots, Feme Coverts, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Feme Coverts who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest in the same, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are or shall be seised, possessed, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from Time to Time to grant or demise to the Receiver appointed or to be appointed under the said recited Act, or any Act amending the same, or to any Person or Persons to be nominated by him for the Purpose, but in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and for any Term of Years whatsoever, or other Term, any House or Houses not being the Mansion House of the respective Party, or belonging thereto, or any Portion of Ground not being the Garden, Yard, Lawn, or Park belonging to such Mansion House, and not exceeding One Acre, for the Purpose of the same being occupied, used, or built upon for the Use or Accommodation or for the Purposes of the said Constabulary Force, every such Grant or Demise to be made at such annual Rent as may be agreed on by or on behalf of the Inspector General of the said Force, and to be reserved to the Owner of the immediate Reversion in such House, Houses, or Land for the Time being expectant on such Term.

An Act to regulate the Affairs of certain Settlements established by the New Zealand Company in New Zealand.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS certain Terms of Purchase and Pasturage of 4 - Land in the Settlements of Wellington, New Plymouth,

4 Nelson, and Otago, in New Zealand, had been issued by the

New Zealand Company before the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and the said Terms, or 1 Part of them, were in force on that Day as Contracts between the New Zealand Company and the Settlers of the said Settlements of Wellington, New Plymouth, and Nelson, and the Association of Lay Members of the Free Church of Scotland,

commonly called the Otago Association, respectively: And io&ii Vict. 4 whereas by an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of Victoria, c*112 *

intituled An Act to promote Colonization in New Zealand, and

CAP. LXXXVI.

4 to

634

New'Zealand Settlement*. 14 & 15 Vi Off.

Notice by the New Zeala&d Company.

Power to Her Majesty to make Regulations for the Management of the Affairs of the Settlements of Wellington, New Plymouth, and Nelson, in New Zealand.

Cap. 36.

4 to- authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company, it was enacted, that if the Directors of the New Zealand Company should give Notice to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secret taries of State, within Three Calendar Months next after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, by any Instrument under the Seal of the Company, that they were ready to surrender; the Charters of the said Company to Her .4 Majesty, and all Claim and Title to the Lands granted or awarded to them in the said Colony, all the Powers and Privi- leges of the said Company, except such as should be necessary for enabling the Directors to receive the several Sums of Money thereinafter mentioned, and to distribute the same among the Shareholders and other Persons entitled thereunto^ 4 and for enabling the Directors to adjust and close the Affairs of the Company, should cease and determine, and all the Lands, 4 Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company in the said Colony should thereupon revert to and become vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in Nett Zealand, subject nevertheless, amongst other things, to any Contracts which should then be subsisting in regard to any of the said Lands: And whereas such Notice as aforesaid was duly delivered by the Directors of the said Company on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and thereupon, under the Provisions of the last recited Act, all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company in the said Colony reverted to and becarae vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, subject nevertheless as by the said Act b 4 provided: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for enabling Her Majesty to amend and alter the Provisions contained in such Terms of Purchase and Pasturage as aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That it shall be lawful for Jler Majesty, anything in the said Act contained notwithstanding, by Instructions under Her Signet and Sign Manual, or through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time to make, or to authorize the Governor of New Zealand or the Lieutenant Governor of any Province in which any of the said Settlements is or shall be situate, to make Terras and Regulations for the Sale or other Disposal of the Demesne Lands of the Crown within the said Settlements of Wellington, New Plymouth, and Nelson, provided always, that the Price at which the said Lands within the said Settlements are now authorized to be sold under such Terms shall not be altered thereby, and for the Disposal of the Monies which may be derived from such Sale or other Disposal of the said Lands for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Settlements respectively, and for the closing and Determination of the

Affairs

1851'.

New Zealand, SetdementA.

«35

r

Cap. 86.

Afiffcirs of the said Settlements, and to empower such Governor or Lieutenant Governor toLfix andascert&in the Boundaries of the said Settlements Off Wellington, New Plymouth, and Nelson, respectively.

II. And whereas the New Zealand Company have issued Fund held cm 1 from Time to Time^certain published Terms or Conditions for of the the Disposal of Land in the Settlement of Nelson in New JZea- Company *for

landj by which^it was, among other things, provided that the the public Pur-c Land of the said Settlement should be sold for certain Prices, poses of the Setand that the Fund to be derived from such Sale should be LuTtobe vested appropriated in certain Proportions to the Purposes of Emi- in the Comrais-

gration and the Supply of Labour, of founding and maintain* toners of the

ing the Settlement, of religious and educational Uses, and of reasury *

4 Steam Navigation, and other public Objects: And whereas many Persons hnVte purchased Land under the said Terms or Conditions in the Settlement of Nelson, and Funds may have accumulated from the Monies invested in such Purchases, which have not as yet been applied to the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas the New Zealand Company-did by its Agents and Officers superintend and manage these Funds until the Fourth Day of Juli) in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty:.

And whereas, in consequence>of such Notice as is herein-before mentioned to have been given by the Directors of the said 1 Company on the Day last aforesaid^ the Lands of the said 1 Company in New Zealand reverted to the Crown as aforesaid,

4 Upon the Condition (amongst others), as expressed in the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of Victoria, of satie-f4 lying any Liabilities to which the said'Company might then be

liable under their existing Engagements with reference to the c Settlement at Nllson: And whereas, before the Day last afore-c said, a certain Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds had been invested by the said Company in the Names of Henry Aglionby Aglionby Esquire of the Middle Temple, Alexander Currie Esquire, of Saint Johny$ Wood, James Robert Gowen Esquire, r0f No. 187, Piccadilly, George Lyall junior, Esquire, of Win- Chester House, and Jeremiah Pilcher Esquire; of MorgchCs Lane, r to be held by them in trust for the said Company in the Three per Cent Consolidated Bank Annuities, in Order to satisfy the Amount applicable by the said; Company under the said Terms to the Purposes in question; but the total Amount so applicable had not been ascertained, and was then and still is in dispute between the said Company and the Purchasers of Land at Nelson: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should he made to enable Her Majesty to ascertain the Amount of the Sum so applicable, and to entrust the Administration of the Fund, when so ascertained, to certain Persons who have been nominated for that Purpose by or on behalf of the said Company and the said Purchasers of Land at Nelson:y Be it enacted.

That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and they are hereby directed to ascertain the Sum (if any) which remained due and applicable by the New Zealand

Company,

I

New Zealand

14 & 15 VICT.

Board of True-tees at Nelson appointed to administer the said Fund.

Powers of the Trustees to dispose of the Funds for public Purposes.

Mode of conducting Business by the said Trustees.

Cap. 86.

Company, and which the said Company were bound to apply to the Purposes above mentioned, on the Fourth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty aforesaid; and that the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, with the Interest which shall have accrued on the same, shall be vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury as a Fund for the public Purposes of the Settlement of Nelson; and that the said Henry Aglionby Aglionby, Alexander Currie, James Robert Go wen, George Lyall, and Jeremiah Pilcher shall and they are hereby authorized to transfer the said Sum and Interest into the Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate for that Purpose, and that the same shall be disposed of by the said Commissioners in the Manner herein-after provided; and that if the Amount which may be found by the Commissioners of the Treasury to be due and applicable to the said Purposes shall exceed the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, with Interest as aforesaid, the Surplus necessary to complete such Amount shall remain a Liability attaching on Her Majesty with reference to the Settlement of Nelson in manner as in the said Act of the Tenth and, Eleventh of Victoria is expressed; but that if the Amount so due and applicable shall be found to fall short of the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, with Interest as aforesaid, then the Balance shall remain in the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Purpose of discharging other Liabilities of the New Zealand Company which Her Majesty may have become bound to satisfy under the said last-mentioned Act.

III. That a Board of Seven Trustees shall be and the same is hereby appointed for the Administration of the said Fund, including such Surplus (if any) as aforesaid. Three of whom shall form at any Time a Quorum for the Despatch of Business; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, in such Manner as they shall appoint, to pay over or cause to be paid over the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, with such Interest as aforesaid, or so much thereof as may be found due and applicable as aforesaid, and any additional Sums which may be found due and applicable as aforesaid, to the said Trustees; and that when such Sum or Sums shall have been so paid over as aforesaid all further Liability of Her Majesty or of the New Zealand Company in respect of such Fund and of the Amount applicable as aforesaid by the Company shall cease.

IV. That the said Trustees shall have Power to dispose of the said Fund for the Benefit of the Settlement of Nelson to the Purposes of Emigration and the Supply of Labour, of religious and educational Uses, of Steam Navigation, and of the Construction and Maintenance of public Works, in such Proportions, as to each of the said Purposes, as to them shall seem expedient.

V. That the First Meeting of the said Trustees shall be fixed at a Time and Place to be appointed by Proclamation by the Governor of New Zealand, or by the Lieutenant Governor of the Province in which Nelson is or shall be situate, being authorized

thereto

1851.

New Zealand Settlements

637

Cap. 86.

thereto by the said Governor, and that such Trustees may from Time to Time pass Resolutions for appointing the Time and Place of holding further Meetings for the Despatch of Business, and for making Rules and Regulations for the Conduct of such Business, and for other necessary Purposes towards enabling them to dispose of and distribute the said Fund according to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Legislature of New Zealand shall have Power to alter such Regulations, by Laws to be made from Time to Time, subject to the Conditions by Law required in respect of the Acts and Ordinances of such Legislature.

VI. That Doctor David Monro, Samuel Stephens, William Oldfield Cautley, Francis Dillon Belly Francis Jollie, Alfred FeUy and John Waring Saxton, Esquires, being the Persons already nominated for this Purpose by or on behalf of the Land Purchasers of Nelson and the New Zealand Company, shall be and the same are hereby appointed the First Trustees for the Administration of the said Fund.

VII. That the said Trustees shall remain in Office (subject to the Provisions herein-after contained as to the filling up of Vacancies) until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

VIII. That it shall be lawful for the Legislature of New Zealand, by Laws to be made from Time to Time, subject as to such Conditions as aforesaid, to provide for the filling up of Vacancies which may have occurred or may occur by the Death or Resignation of either of the Trustees named in this Act, by Election to be made by the Owners, or Owners and Occupiers, of Land in the Settlement of Nelson, with such Qualification or Restriction as may in such Laws be specified, and to provide in like Manner for the annual Election of Two or more Auditors to audit the Accounts of the said Trustees, and for the due Publication from Time to Time of such Accounts, and for the Discharge of the Trustees from any personal Liability in respect of the said Funds; and in case the said Funds shall not have been wholly disposed of before the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, to provide in like Manner for the Election of Seven new Trustees, to continue in Office for Three Years, subject to the like Power as herein-before contained as to the filling up of Vacancies, and so on from Time to Time until the said Fund shall be wholly expended for the Purposes above mentioned.

IX. That it shall be lawful for the Legislature of New Zealand, by Enactment, subject to such Conditions as aforesaid, to authorize the Legislature of the Province in which Nelson is or may be situate to exercise all or any of the Powers by this Act granted to the said Legislature of New Zealand in reference to the said Fund.

X. That henceforth in all Cases falling within the Provisions of the Fifty-first Section of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth of Victoria, intituled An Act to grant certain Powers to the New

by >^QKea&na

Names of the First Trustees.

Duration of their Office.

Provisions for filling up Vacancies, establishing an Audit, and continuing the Trust.

Authority to Legislature of the Province in which Nelson is situated to exercise any of the Powers hereby granted to it.

As to Cases falling within Section 53. of 9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict. c.ccclxxxii.

Cap. 86, 87.

New Zealand SettletnenU. 14 & 15 VICT.

Grants of the Crown to be of like Force as Conveyances by the New Zealand Company.

Saving of the Rights of the New Zealand Company under 10&U Vict. c. 113 *

Interpretation of Terms.

Certificate from Two Peers of Scotland held to be formal Notice of the

Zealand Company, a Grant or Conveyance by Her Majesty, Her Successors or Assigns, shall have the like Force and Effect in all respects as a Conveyance by the New Zealand Company has or would have had by virtue of the same Act in case no such Notice as aforesaid had been given and the said Company had continued in the full Exercise of their Functions; and the Powers by the same Act in, reference to those Cases conferred on a Nominee or Nominees of the said Company, .approved of as therein mentioned, shall henceforth be exercisable by such Person or Persons as the Governor or Lieutenant Governor for the Time being of New Zealand may from Time to Time appoint; and that all Acts done in pursuance of any such several Powers by the Party or Parties for the Time being entrusted with the Execution thereof shall be binding on Her Majesty* Her Successors and Assigns...

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect or interfere with the Rights of the New Zealand Company in respect of the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and Interest, which by the said Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of Victoria are charged upon and to be paid to the said Company out of the Proceeds of all future Sales.of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, after such Deductions as in the said Act specified, or s.ny Rights which the said Com

Ejiy may now possess in regard to the Proceeds from the isposal of Land in either of the said Settlements.

XII. That the Words Cf Governor of New Zealand" and ^Lieutenant Governor " in this Act shall be deemed respectively to mean the Persons for the Time administering the general} Government of the Islands of New Zealand or the Govemr ment of any Province thereof.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to fegulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative* Peers for Scotland. i

[7th August 1851.] '

WHEREAS *t is expedient to provide a Manner.in which the Death of a Representative Peer for Scotland may (be certified to Her Majesty, in order that Her Majesty may direct a Proclamation to be issued for the Election of another ' Peer of Scotland in the Room of such Peer deceased P Re it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by ^nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the sanm* a* follows;

I. That a Certificate under the Hands of any Two Peers of Scotland) who shall be at the Time of their signing such Certificate either Representative Peers, or shfcll have voted at former Elections of a Representative Peer or Peers (br Scotland with-; out

1851.

Representative Peersfor Scotland. Cap. 87. 689

oat Protest having been made to the* Reception of their Votes, *f>1? according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament ^rwBrBt1Te held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty/

Chapter Fifty-two, or having been so protested against shall have established their Right to vote in respect of their Peerages, shall be held to be formal and sufficient Evidence of the Death of such Peer for the Purpose of issuing such Proclamation as aforesaid.

II. And whereasbyan Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Time

late Majesty Queen Anne, Chapter Twenty-three, it is enacted, for

1 that every Prochunation issued for such Elections shall be pub*. Election altered ' lisbed as therein provided Fi ve-and-t twenty Days at the least &°m *

before the Time thereby appointed for the Meeting of the to 10 *

Peers to proceed to such Election: And whereas on account *

of the increased Facilities of Communication which now exist ' such Delay is no longer necessary, and it is expedient that the same should be shortened i ' Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, instead of Twenty-five Days, all such Proclamations shall be published Ten Days at least before the Time therein appointed for the Meeting of the Peers to proceed to such Elections, and that the Time to be appointed in any such Proclamation for such Meeting shall riot belater than Twenty-five Days from the Date of such Proclamation.

III. And be it enacted, That a Peer of Scotland may take Pere of ScoU the Oaths and subscribe the Declaration required by Law to |he entitle such Peer to vote by Proxy or signed List at such Elec- in Courts of tions in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery f in Irelandk Ireland* or Her Majesty's Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or office^" Exchequer in Ireland, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as they may take and subscribe the .same in the* like Courts in England, or may take the said Oaths and subscribe the said Declaration before the Lieutenant of any County.in, /

Great Britain or Ireland, or any Member of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Judge of a County Coart in England, or any British Ambassador or Minister accredited to any Foreign Court, or the Secretary .»

of any such Embassy or Legation, or the Governor^ Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of any of *

Her Majesty's Plantations, Colonies, or Possessions abroad, or4 any of Her Majesty's Judges residing therein; and every such Person before Whom, the said Oaths. shall be taken and the said1

Declaration subscribed shall certify the same in a Certificate

attached to the Declaration, which shall be produced* together1

with the Proxy or signed List of the Peer, at.such Election:1

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed '

to prevent any Peer taking such Oaths and subscribing such '

Declaration in any Manner at present competent by. Law, , .

IV. And whereas bythebefore-mentioBedAet passed in* Title* of Peer-

the Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her1

present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-two, it is; enacted* that at all* hJbcen gra

future Meetings of the Peers of Scotland for! such Elections-for Fifty Ye

I not to be called

Cap. 87, 88. Representative Peers for Scotland. 14 & 15 VICT.

at Elections, if the Lord Clerk Register, or the Clerks of Session officiating the House of thereat in his Name, shall not call the Titles of any Peerages shell so (8tan(j; ng on the Roll in right of which no Vote shall have been received and counted since the Year One thousand eight hundred, with other Provisions connected therewith, and it f is expedient that the Principle on which the said Enactment f is founded should be continued and extended:* Be it enacted, That after every Meeting of the Peers of Scotland assembled under any Royal Proclamation for the Election of a Peer or Peers to represent the Peerage of Scotland in Parliament, the Lord Clerk Register, or the Clerks of Session officiating thereat in his Name, shall transmit to the Clerk of the Parliaments the Titles of any Peerages called at such Meeting in right of which no Vote shall have been received and counted for Fifty Years then last past or for any longer Period, and on receiving an Order from the House of Lords to abstain from calling such Title at future Meetings for such Elections it shall not be lawful for the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerks of Session to call such Title at any subsequent Meeting, or to administer the Oaths to any Person claiming to vote in right of such Peerage, or to receive and count the Vote of any such Person, or to permit any such Person to take Part in the Proceedings of any such Election, until otherwise directed by Order of the House of Lords.

1 & 2 G. 4. C. 48.

3G.4.C. 16.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament ' held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solidtorsy and which was afterwards amended by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, Provision was made for facilitating the Admission of Graduates of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, and the Pupils of practising Barristers, and of certificated Special Pleaders, as Attornies and Solicitors of the Courts of Law and Equity, in manner and upon the Conditions in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-three, the said recited Acts have been repealed, except so far as the Attornies and Solicitors of Ireland are affected thereby, but the same are still in force as regards Ireland and the Attornies and Solicitors of Ireland: And whereas since the passing of the said recited Acts the Queen's Colleges of Belfast, Cork, and Galway have been founded by Letters Patent of Her Majesty Queen

641

Attornies and Solicitors Regulation Act Amendment. Cap. 88 *

Queen Victoria, under the Great Seal of Ireland, under the Authority of an Act passed in a Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty to 8 & 9 Vict. cvjS6. endow new Colleges for the Advancement of Learning in Ireland:

And whereas by the said Letters Patent a Faculty of Law has (been established in each of the said Queen's Colleges: And whereas since the passing of the last-mentioned Act a Body Politic and Corporate has been constituted by the Royal

Charter of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, under and by the Name of "The Queen's University in Ireland And whereas it is expedient that certain of the Provisions now in force of the said Two first-recited Acts should be extended to Students

who have obtained or shall hereafter obtain the Degree of f Bachelor of Arts or the Degree of Bachelor of Laws in the ' said Queen's University in Ireland, and to Students of the ' University of Dublin, or of the said Queen's Colleges who have attended and who shall attend the Lectures of the Profeasors of the Faculty of Law in the said University of Dublin or any of the said Queen's Colleges Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That from and after the passing of this Act all the Pro- Provision* of visions, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions of the said

Two first-recited Acts now in force (as regards that Part of the Admuiiim and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Attornies Enrolment as or Solicitors of Irelandf), for or relating to the Admission and Enrolment as Attornies and Solicitors of Persons who have Art* or Law* at taken or shall hereafter take the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or Dublin ex-Bachelor of Laws in the University of Dublin, shall extend and be applicable to the Admission and Enrolment as Attornies ^rArt* and of*^ and Solicitors of all Persons who have taken or shall hereafter La win Queen* take the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or the Degree of Bachelor m

of Laws in the said Queen's University in Ireland, as fully and effectually as if the said Body Politic and Corporate called "The Queen's University in Ireland " had been constituted and founded at the Time of the passing of the said Acts, and had been therein named together with the said University of Dublin, and as if the Degree of Bachelor of Arts and the Degree of Bachelor of Laws of the said Queen's University had been in the said Acts named together with the Degrees of Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws of the said University of Dublin.

II. That every Person who, as a matriculated or as a non- Certain Provi-matriculated Student of the University of Dublin or of any of ActaastoJ^ the said Queen's Colleges, shall have attended or shall attend *ons bound for any prescribed Lectures, and shall have passed or shall pass any Five Years, &c. prescribed Examinations of the Professors of the Faculty of sclent* of Law in the said University of Dublin or in any of the said Queen'* Col-Queen's Colleges for a Period of Two Collegiate Years, and lege* attending

s. b, GodSMe1 -

m2

passing Examinations in Faculty of I*aw during Two Collegiate Years.

Privileges given by recited Act to Bachelors of Arts or of Laws in Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, Scc.y as to Attor-nifes Admission dn England, extended to Bachelors of Arts or Laws in the Queen's University.

Certificate of *Yiee Chancellor of Dublin University, &c* or of Dean of Fa-. culty, to be sufficient Evidence.

Gap* 88. Attornies and Solicitors Regulation Act Amendment

who shall have duly served as an Apprentice or Clerk, by Contract in Writing, duly stamped at or before the signing thereof, or within Six Months after, for the Term of Four Tears, in like Manner as by the Provisions now in force of the said Two herein-before first-recited Acts is directed respecting the Service for the Term of Five Years, shall, at any Time after the Expiration of Five Years from the Commencement of such Attendance on Lectures, or of such Period of Service, which stall first happen, be qualified to be sworn and to be admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively, according to the Nature of his Service, of the several and respective Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intenta and Purposes as any Person having been bound and having served Five Years is qualified to be sworn and to be admitted or enrolled an Attorney or Solicitor under or by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force for the Regulation of Attornies or Solicitors in Ireland, anything in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, certain Privileges wfere granted to any Person seeking to be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor in England or Wales, and who shall have taken or who stall take the Degree of Bachelor of Arts within Six Years after his Matriculation, or the Degree of Bachelor of Laws within Eight Years after his Matriculation, in the University of Oxford, or of Cambridge, or of Dublin, or of Durham, or of London, and who shall in manner therein mentioned be bound by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk to a practising Attorney of Solicitor in England or Wales, and shall have continued in such Service, and have been employed as in the said Act respectively mentioned, and been examined and sworn as in the said Act directed Be it enacted, That the like Privileges,

subject to the like Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, shall be extended to Persons who shall have taken the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Laws in the said Queen's University, as if the said Queen's University, and the Degree of Bachelor of Arts and the Degree of Bachelor of Laws of the said Queen's University, had been in the said Act named together with the said Universities of Oxford) Cambridge, Dublin, and Durham, and London, and with the Degrees of Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws in the said Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, Durham, or London.

IV. Provided always, That the Court or other sufficient Authority in Ireland to whom any such Student shall apply to be admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor stall receive the Certificate of the Vice Chancellor of the University of Dublin, or such other Certificate as shall be appointed by the Board of Senior Fellows of the said University, or of the Dean of the Faculty of Law for the Time being of any of the said Queen's Colleges, as sufficient Evidence of the Student named in such Certificate

* "8

Attornies and Solicitors Regulation Act Amendment. Cap. 88, 89. 848

baying dtzly attended the prescribed Lectures, and passed the prescribed Examinations of the Professors of the Faculty of Lifcw in such College for the said Period of Two Collegiate Years, and of the Time of the Commencement of the Attendance of such Student upon such Lectures.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to amend the Metropolitan Interment Act, 1850, and to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount for the Purposes of the said Act.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Metropolitan Interments Act, 1850," and to authorize an Advance

of Public Money for the Purposes of the said Act, as herein-c after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, upon the Application of the General Board of Health, to direct and cause to be issued and advanced to the said General Board of Health, out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty-seven thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit; and the Money so advanced shall be applied to the Purposes to which Money borrowed by the said General Board of Health under the Metropolitan Interments Act, 1850, is by the said Act made applicable; and all the Provisions of the said Act applicable to Money so borrowed shall extend and be applicable to the Money advanced to the said Board under this Act.

II. Upon the-Advance to the said General Board of Health of ally Sum under the Provisions of this Act, the said General Board of Health shall make and execute a Mortgage under their 'Seal; according to the Provisions of the said Metropolitan Interments Act, of the Fees and Payments to be received under such Act, and of the Rates to be made and collected under such Act; and such Mortgage shall be made to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint, in trust for Her Majesty, for securing the Repayment of the Sum so advanced, with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may think fit, and cause to be therein provided; and the Sums repaid under such Mortgages, and the Interest thereon, shall be paid into an Account which shall be opened in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Title of " Metropolitan Interments Re-

S S 2

Treasury may advance not exceeding 137,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Purposes of the Metropolitan Interments Act.

The General Board of Health to give a Mortgage for the Sums advanced.

644

Bodies of Persons dying where Interment is discontinued not to be buried within the District, except as herein mentioned.

Acts to be construed together.

Officers who shall enter and account for Fines, Ac.

Cap. 89, 90. Metropolitan Interment ' 14 & 15 VICT.

payments," and the Money paid into such Account shall be carried to and form Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

III. And whereas the Discontinuance under the said Act of

Interment in a Parish may occasion the overcrowding of the

Burial Grounds of other Parishes in the Metropolitan Burial

DistrictThe Body of any Parishioner or Inhabitant of any Parish in which Interment is ordered to be discontinued under the said Metropolitan Interments Act shall not, after the Time from which Interment is so ordered to be discontinued, be buried in any Burial Ground within the Metropolitan Burial District, except any Cemetery mentioned in Schedule (B.) to the said Act in which for the Time being Interment has not been ordered to be discontinued Under the said Act, or any Burial Ground belonging to such Parish, and not situate therein, in which for the Time being Interment has not been so ordered to be discontinued; provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Enactment shall extend to prejudice or affect the Provisions contained in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Sections of the said Act, or any other Provisions thereof, or shall apply to the Burials of Persons of the Jewish Persuasion, or of the People called Quakers; and every Person having the Care or Control of any such Burial Ground, who knowingly authorizes or permits any Burial contrary to this Enactment, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

IV. The said Metropolitan Interments Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.

[7th Augicst 1851.]

(IN WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the ' ' better Collection and Application of Fines, Penalties,

Issues, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland:' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. The proper Officers to make Entries and render Accounts of all such Penal Sums as aforesaid for the several Courts by which such Penal Sums shall be ordered to be paid shall be the several Officers or Persons herein-after mentioned; viz.

1. The Clerk of the Crown for the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench and for the Crown Court at Assizes; The Clerk of the Rules for the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, and for the Civil Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for the Civil Court at Assizes;

The Clerk of the Peace for Quarter Sessions;

2.

3.

4. The

645

Collection of Fines, $*c. (Ireland.') Cap. 90.

4. The Chief Clerk or such other Clerk as shall be deputed

by the Justices for that Purpose for each Divisional Police Office of Dublin Metropolis;

5. The Clerk of Petty Sessions for each Petty Sessions;

6. And the Person at any other Court whose Duty it shall be

to attend and make Entries of the Proceedings:

And the Provisions herein-after contained shall severally apply to such respective Officers and Persons, or their legally authorized Deputies (if any), as fully as if the more particular Designation of each of such Officers, Persons, or Deputies was repeated in each Provision.

II. Whenever an Order shall be made by any Court or other authorized Person for the Imposition or Levy of any such Penal Sum as aforesaid, the said Officer of the Court shall proceed as follows:

1. He shall forthwith enter the Particulars of the said Order

in a Book (Form A.) to be by him kept for that Purpose, and shall afterwards from Time to Time make such further Entries in the said Book as may be necessary for the Purpose of accounting for the said Sums:

2. In every Case where a Fine shall be imposed upon any Person for Nonattendance as a Juror, he shall, within Fourteen Days after the End of the Term, Assizes, Quarter Sessions, or Sittings of the Court at which such Fine shall have been imposed, send a Notice by Post to such Person, addressed to his usual Place of Residence, informing him of the Imposition of such Fine, and that if not paid within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice a Warrant will be issued for the Levy of the same:

And in order to enable the Clerk of the Rules of the Superior Courts the better to discharge the Duty required of him under this Act, the Judge's Register or other Person who shall act as Clerk at Nisi Prius at the Nisi Prius Sittings of any of the said Superior Courts, or in the Civil Court at Assizes, shall, within Seven Days after the Termination of the said Nisi Prius Sittings or of the said Assizes, as the Case may be, certify under his Hand to the Clerk of the Rules of the Superior Courts in which the Proceedings in the Case shall have been had, the Particulars of any Penal Sum which shall have been imposed or ordered to be levied by the said Court in such Case, and said Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Clerk of the Rules to do all Acts for the Entry and Levy of the same which he could or ought to do in case such Penal Sum had been imposed or ordered to be levied by such Superior Court.

III. In all Cases where an Order shall have been made for the Imposition or Levy of any such Penal Sum as aforesaid, the Court, or the Justice, or the Officer competent so to act, as the Case may be, shall (unless where the same shall have been remitted by the Crown or other proper Authority) issue the

Entry of Fines *

All Fines, &c. to be entered in. a Book.

In case of Fines upon Jurors, Officer to send Notice.

Judge's Register to certify, Fines to Clerk of Rules for Entry.

Issue of Warrants *

Warrants for the Eiccution of Orders to be issued at certain Periods.

646

Iuus of Warranto,

Form, &c. of Warrant, and Power to imprison in default of Distress, to be as in Petty Sessions Act.

Sheriffs not to levy Fines;

but Issues to bfe levied by Sheriffs.

Addrtuxng Warrants.

To whom Warrants shall be addressed:

From Courts in Dublin to the

Cap. 90. Collection of Fines, $c. (Ireland.)v 14 & 15 VICT.

proper Warrant for the Execution of such Order at the followikig Periods; viz.

1. In case of any Fine imposed upon any Person for Non-

attendance as a Juror, within One Week from the Expiration of Thirty Days after Notice of same shall have been sent to such Person by Post as herein-before directed:

2. In case of any Order for the Imposition or Levy of any such Penal Sum by the Justices of the Divisional Offices of Police of Dublin Metropolis, within One Week from the making of such Order:

3. In case of any like Order by a Justice at or out of Petty Sessions, at such Time as shall be directed by "The Petty Sessions Act, Ireland, 1851:"

4. In all other Cases, within Fourteen Days from the making of the Order:

And it shall be lawful for the Court or Officer by whom any such Warrant shall be issued to use the like Form of Warrant as is authorized by the said Petty Sessions Act for any Warrant of Distress issued by a Justice at Petty Sessions, and also to direct by such Warrant that in default of Distress for the Sum therein directed to be levied, the Person against whose Goods such Warrant shall be issued shall be committed to Gaol for the like Period for which any Person might be imprisoned in any like Case in default of Distress under the Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act: Provided always, that after this Act shall come into operation no Warrant or Process shall be issued to any Sheriff to levy the Amount of any forfeited Recognizance, or of any other Fine or Penalty whatsoever, but only to the Constabulary or Dublin Metropolitan Police, as the Case may be; but in every Case where any Court shall impose any Fine upon any Person for Nonattendance as a Juror, or shall direct any Issues to be levied, the Process for levying the same shall be addressed to the Sheriff of the County, and such Sheriff shall account for the same, in like Manner as he shall be by Law bound to account for any other Sums coming into his Hands as Sheriff, before the proper Officer of the Court of Exchequer by whom Sheriffs Accounts shall be audited and declared, and shall from Time to Time, when directed so to do by the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, pay over the Amount of any such Jurors Fines so to be levied by him to the Credit of the same Fund, and to be applied to the same Purposes to which any Fines imposed at Petty Sessions, and awarded to the Crown, shall be by Law payable and applicable.

IV. The Manner in which Warrants issued to the Constabulary or Dublin Metropolitan Police for the Levy of any Penal Sums under this Act shall be addressed shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. All such Warrants for the Levy of any such Penal Sums as aforesaid (not being Issues), ordered to be levied by any

of

1851. Collection of Fipes, Sfd. (Ireland.) Cap. 90.. 647

of the Superior or other Courts within the Police District Commissioner* of Dublin Metropolis (other than the Divisional Police offI*ol, ces Offices), shall be addressed to the Commissioners of Metropolitan Police:

2. All such Warrants issued from the said Divisional Police From Dm-

Office8 shall be addressed to the Office Sergeant, or such «onttl office* other Member of the said Police Force as the said Com- officeSer8eant-missioner8 shall appoint for that Purpose:

3. All such Warrants issued from any Court in Ireland, not From other

being within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, Courts to Sub shall be addressed to the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary c^maabulary. who shall act for the Place in which such Court shall be situated:

4. All such Warrants issued by any Justice or Justices out

of Quarter Sessions shall be addressed as required by the said Petty Sessions Act:

And the several Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act as Warrants to be to the certifying, indorsing, executing, or returning any War- backed

rant issued by a Justice at Petty Sessions, and as to the selling M In(jer P^ty of any Distress or otherwise acting thereunder, shall also apply Sessions Act. to any like Warrant issued by any Court Officer, or Divisional Justice under the Provisions of this Act, and to the selling of any Distress or otherwise acting thereunder; and in the Application of the said Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act to any such Warrants issued within the said Police District of Dublin Metropolis, whatever may be done by any Head or other Constable in executing any Warrant addressed to any Sub-Inspector shall and may be done in any like Case by any Member of the said Police Force (to be named by the said Commissioners or Divisional Justices) in executing any such Warrant, addressed either to the said Commissioners or to any other Member of the said Police Force; and whatever may.be done by any Bub-Inspector in certifying any Warrant to the Inspector General of Constabulary may be done by the Office Sergeant or other Member of the said Police Force to whom such Warrant shall be addressed, in certifying the same to the said Commissioners; and whatever may be done by the said Inspector General, or by either of the Deputy Inspectors General of Constabulary, in indorsing any Warrant certified by any Sub-Inspector, may be done by the said Inspector or Deputy Inspector General in indorsing any Warrant, which shall be so certified to the said Commissioners, or which shall be addressed to the said Commissioners in the first instance; provided that such Warrant shall have been first indorsed by One of the said Commissioners, and then transmitted by them to the said Inspector General.

V. The Manner in which all such Penal Sums as aforesaid Collection of shall be collected shall be as follows: Fines.

1. In every Case where any such Sum shall be levied under a ir levied under Warrant, the Sub-Inspector or the said Commissioners Warrant *, to or Office Sergeant, as the Case may be, to whom the officerofCoun

by

Collection of Fines,

If paid to Gaoler, to be paid over within certain Period to Officer of Court.

Board of Superintendence or Justices to compare Receipts and Warrants with the Gaol Books.

Officer to receive all Fines.

Officer to pay t Parties.

Penalty on any Persons but the proper Officers or their legal Deputies for receiving Fines, &c.

Cap. 90. Collection of Fines, &fc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

said Warrant shall be addressed, transmitted, or indorsed for Execution, as herein-before provided, shall either pay over the Amount direct to the said Officer of the Court from which the said Warrant was issued, or shall transmit the same to the said Officer through the Person to whom the said Warrant was addressed in the first instance, according as he shall be directed by the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant:

2. In every Case where such Sums shall be paid to the

Keeper of any Gaol or Bridewell he shall indorse on the Warrant of Committal the Amount and Date of Payment, and shall within Fourteen Days, or within such other Period as the Chief or Under Secretary shall direct, pay over the Amount to the said Officer of the Court from which the Warrant was issued; and the Board of Superintendence shall at least once in every Month in the Case of each Gaol, and the Justices of the Petty Sessions District shall at least once in every Three Months in the Case of each Bridewell, and any other Person or Persons duly authorized by the said Chief or Under Secretary in that Behalf shall at any other Times, examine the Prison Books, and shall require to see the Receipt of the Officer of the Court from which the Warrant was issued, in each Case in which it shall appear that the Person committed was discharged before the Expiration of the Period for which he was committed, and shall also compare the Sum mentioned in such Receipt with the Amount in the Warrant of Committal, and shall certify in the said Books that such Receipt has been produced to him or them, and that such Sums correspond, or otherwise, as the Case may be:

3. In every Case where any such Penal Sums shall be paid

in Court or to the said Officer of the Court (before the Issue of a Warrant), or shall be so paid over or trans^ mitted to the said Officer of the Court (after the Issue of a Warrant), he shall receive the same, and shall at the Time deliver or transmit a Receipt for the same in the Form (B a. or b.) to the Person by whom the same shall be so paid or transmitted:

4. The said Officer shall out of the Sums so received pay

to the several Parties such Portion of the .same as shall have been awarded to them by the Court, and which shall be claimed by them either in Court or at the public Office of the said Officer, taking from each of such Parties a Receipt for the same in the Form (B c.):

And it shall not be lawful for any Person, other than the said Officers herein-before mentioned respectively, or their lawfully authorized Deputies, if any, 6ave the Person to whom any Warrant shall be delivered for Execution, or the Keeper of any Gaol or Bridewell to which the Defendant shall be committed, as the Case may be, to receive any such Penal Sum

as

1851. Collection of Fines, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 90.

as aforesaid, or any Part of the same; and if any other Officer or Person than the several Officers or Persons herein-before mentioned respectively shall take or receive any such Sum, or any Part of same, from the Person by whom the same shall be ordered to be paid, he shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of the County sitting in Petty Sessions, forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

VI. The Manner in which all such Penal Sums as aforesaid shall be accounted for shall be as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Chief or Under Secretary to make such general Regulations as shall seem expedient for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, for the better Collection of all said Sums, and the regular accounting for the same by all Persons into whose Hands the same shall come; and such Persons shall keep and render Account of said Sums in such Forms, and shall pay over said Sums, and transmit for Examination said Warrant or Receipt, at such Times and in such Manner t as shall be directed by such general Regulations, or as shall be at any Time specially required by the said Chief or Under Secretary; and it shall also be lawful for the said Chief or Under Secretary to make such general Regulations os shall seem expedient for the Examination, checking, or countersigning of any of such Accounts by any of the Sub-Inspectors, Inspectors, or other Members of the Constabulary or Police Forces, as the Case may be:

2. And to every such Account shall be annexed a Declaration

in Writing under the Hand of the said Officer, to be made before a Justice, affirming the Truth and Accuracy of such Account; and every such Officer who shall make any such Declaration knowing the said Account to be false in any Particular, and being .thereof convicted, shall, in addition to any Penalty to which he may be liable under the Provisions of this Act herein-after contained, be also liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury:

And if Default shall at any Time be made by any such Officer or Person in paying over any Balance on such Accounts, or any of such Penal Sums received by him, at such Times as the said Chief or Under Secretary shall direct, it shall be lawful for the said Chief or Under Secretary to certify such Default to any Two Justices of the County, who shall thereupon issue the proper Warrant for the Levy of such Balance or Sums as shall have been so certified to be due by such Officer or Person, by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels.

VII. In every Case in which a Fine shall not be imposed by any Court of Justice, but by some public Officer or Person legally authorized in that Behalf, such Officer or Person shall make such Entries and render such Accounts of same, and shall pay over such Fine or Balance of Fines, according to Law, in

649

Collection of Fines.

Accounts of Fines.

Chief or Under Secretary may make general Regulations as to Accounts.

Declaration that Accounts are correct.

Mode of enforcing Payment of Balances or Sums.

Mode of accounting by Officers not being Officers of Courts of Justice.

Penal Clause

Penalties for Non-observance of Provisions of Act.

Officers of Courts.

Constabulary or

Metropolitan

Police.

Keepers of Gaols.

Other Persons.

Appeals.

Appeal against Imposition of Fine, &c. may be made to Court of Assize or Quarter Sessions, Ac .;

Cap. 90. Cdlleetum of tfc. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

such Manner and at such Times as the said Chief or Under Secretary shall from Time to Time direct and require.

VIII. Any of the Officers or Persons herein-after mentioned who shall commit any of the Offences or Neglects herein-after mentioned, and who shall be convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the County sitting in Petty Sessions, or at One of the said Divisional Police Offices, shall be liable to forfeit for every such Offence or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; (that is to say,)

1. Any such Officer or Person who shall at any Time make

default in making true and correct Entries of all such Penal Sums as aforesaid, or in rendering due Accounts of all such Sums passing through his Hands, or in paying over the same, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be required under the Provisions of this Act:

2. Any Member of the Constabulary or Metropolitan Police

Forces by whom any Warrant shall be executed, who shall neglect to pay over the Amount reoeived or levied thereunder, or to account for such Levies, at such Times and in such Forms and with such Vouchers as shall be. required under the Provisions of this Act:

3. Any Keeper of any Gaol or Bridewell who shall neglect or refuse to pay over any Sum so as aforesaid received by him to the Officer of the Court from which the Warrant shall have been issued, or to transmit any such Receipts or Warrants, or to account for the same, at such Time and in such Manner as shall be required under the Provisions of this Act:

4. Any such Officer or Person as aforesaid, or any other Person, having any Duty to perform under the Provisions of this Act, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform the same:

And the said Justices sitting as aforesaid are hereby authorized to impose the said Penalties; and a Certificate by the said Chief or Under Secretary of such Neglect or Refusal shall be prima facie Evidence of the same in any such Proceeding before such Justices.

IX. It shall be lawful for any Person against whom any Order shall be made for Payment of any such Penal Sum as aforesaid by any such Court or Officer as aforesaid, exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in Cases of Fines upon Jurors whatever the Amount may be, to appeal for the Reduction or Remission thereof by Petition to the Court of Assizes which shall be held next after such Order shall be made if the same shall be made at Assizes, or to One of the Superior Courts of Law in Dublin at the next Term if the same shall be made by a Superior Court, or to the Court of Quarter Sessions of the County which shall be held next after such Order shall be made if the same shall have been made at Quarter Sessions, or to the Recorder of Dublin at his next Sessions if the same shall have been made at any of the Divisional Police Offices of Dublin Metropolis, or to the next Quarter Sessions torbe held in the same Division of the

Collection of Fines, &c. (Ireland.)

Cap. 90.

051

the County where the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in any Petty Sessions District, or to the Recorder of any Corporate or Borough Town where the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in such Corporate or Borough Town (unless when any such Sessions shall commence within Seven Days from the Date of any such Order, in which Case it may be made to the next succeeding Sessions to be held for such Division or Town); and such Appeal, when made against any Order by the said Divisional Justices or by any other Justice upon Summary Conviction, shall be subject in all respects to the Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act, but in every other Case it shall be made by Petition to the Court which shall have Power to entertain the Appeal, and shall be subject to the Provisions following:

1. The Person so entitled to appeal shall not exercise such

Bight unless he shall enter into a Recognizance (Form C.), with Two Sureties, in double the Amount of the Sum ordered to be paid, before a toy Justice, conditioned for the due Prosecution of such Appeal, and unless he shall also lodge with the Officer of the Court a Certificate (Form D.) under the Hand of the Justice by whom such Recognizance shall have been taken, and which Certificate any such Justice is hereby required to give, that such Person has duly entered into such Recognizance:

2. In every Case where such Certificate shall be so lodged

with the said Officer he shall suspend the Issue of any Warrant to execute the said Order until such Appeal shall have been decided, or until the Appellant shall have failed to prosecute the same, as the Case may be, or if such Warrant shall have been issued he shall direct the Person to whom it was addressed to suspend its Execution for the like Period; and in every Case where such Warrant shall have been issued the Person to whom it was addressed shall, either upon being so directed by the said Officer, or upon the said Certificate being produced to him, suspend its Execution for the like Period; and in every Case where the Person against whom any such Warrant shall be issued shall be in Custody, or shall have been committed to Gaol under the same, the Court by which the Order shall have been made, or the Officer by whom the Warrant shall have been signed, shall, upon Application being made to him in that Behalf, forthwith order his Discharge:

3. In every Case where an Appeal shall be so made the Judges of the said Superior Courts, Judge of Assize, or Assistant Barrister, or Recorder, as the Case may be, shall and are hereby severally authorized to hear the Matter of the said Petition, and to make such Order thereon for confirming the original Order, or for reducing or wholly remitting the Fine or other Penal Sum, as may seem fit under all the Circumstances of the Case; and the proper Officer of such Court of Appeal shall there-

(j

Appeals.

but subject to following Pro-

Appellant t o enter into Recognizance to appeal.

To lodge Certificate of Justice.

In such Case no Warrant to be issued;

or, if issued, not to be executed until Decision of Appeal.

Party, if in Custody or Gaol, to be discharged.

Court of Appeal may entertain Appeal.

Order of Court of Appeal to be certified by its Officer.

Appeals.

Execution of Order of Court of Appeal.

Execution when Appeal dismissed or not prosecuted.

In Cases of Jurors Fines.

Party may hate further Appeal to Superior Courts.

Not to interfere with the Prerogative of the Crown, &c.

Estreat of Recognizances.

On Proof of Nonperformance of Condition Court may order Levy of Recognizance so forfeited.

Proof of Notice to be first given.

Cap. 90. Collection of Fines, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

upon certify the said Order under his Hand to the Officer of the Court by which the original Order shall have been made, who shall forthwith issue a Warrant for the Execution of same if no Warrant shall have been already issued, or shall indorse the same on the Warrant if a Warrant shall have been already issued, and direct the Person to whom it shall have been addressed to proceed in its Execution, or otherwise according to such Indorsement; and in every Case where such Appeal shall be dismissed, or shall not be duly prosecuted, the said proper Officer of the Court of Appeal shall so certify under his Hand to the Officer of the Court by which the original Order shall have been made, who shall thereupon proceed as if no such Appeal had been made:

4. In every Case where any Fine shall be imposed on any Person for Nonattendance as a Juror, and the Order imposing such Fine shall not be reversed upon any such Appeal, it shall be lawful for such Person in like Manner to make a further Appeal to One of the Superior Courts of Law in Dublin, during the Term next after such first-mentioned Appeal shall have been decided, and it shall be lawful for such Court to hear and determine such Appeal; and the several Provisions herein-before contained as to the Suspension and subsequent Execution of any Warrant for the Levy of such Fine shall also apply to such last-mentioned Appeal in like Manner as to such first-mentioned Appeal:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed in any way to limit or restrain the Lord Lieutenant, or the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, from reducing or remitting any Fine or Sum imposed or ordered to be levied which by Law he or they may be in any way authorized to reduce or remit.

X. In every Case where any Person who shall enter into a Recognizance to keep the Peace, or to appear to answer to any Complaint as to an Indictable Offence, or to prosecute or give Evidence in any Case of an Indictable Offence, or to perform the Duties of Petty Sessions Clerk, shall in any Manner fail to perform the Condition of such Recognizance, it shall be lawful for the several Assistant Barristers, Recorders of Cities or Boroughs, and for the Chairman of Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, upon Conviction of such Person of any Offence that shall be a Breach of the Condition of the said Recognizance, or upon the Production of a Certificate thereof, signed and attested by the proper Officer in that Behalf, that the Person so bound by Recognizance had failed to perform the Condition of the same, to order that such Recognizance shall be forfeited to such Amount as such Assistant Barrister, Recorder, or Chairman shall think fit, and to direct a Warrant to issue to levy such Amount in like Manner as other Penal Sums are directed to be levied by this Act: Provided always, that Proof shall be first made on Oath b#fQ^e such Assistant Barrister,

1851. Collection of Fines, , fyc. c. (Ireland.) Cap. 90.

ter, or Recorder, or Chairman, that Notice in Writing has been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Party or each of the Parties, if there be more than One, against whom it 'shall be sought to put such Recognizance in force. Seven Days at the least before the Commencement of the Sessions at which such Application shall be made, and such Notice shall state in Substance the Cause or Matter on which it is intended to sustain the Application.

XI. The Forms in the Schedule to this Act contained, or Forms to the like Effect, shall be deemed good, valid, and sufficient in Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant from Time to Time to alter the said Form of Book (A.) so far as to introduce into it such further Particulars as may be necessary in order to adapt it to any State of Facts either new or not provided for therein.

XII. No Receipt, Voucher, Document, or Instrument required to be given, made, or provided in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty payable to the Crown.

XIII. In every Case where the Act under which any Penal Sum shall be ordered to be paid as a Penalty for an Offence (and no Sum shall be awarded to the Complainant as Compensation for Damage), it shall be lawful for the Court to award any Sum not exceeding One Third of such Penalty to the Prosecute* or Informer, and the Remainder of such Penalty and all other Penalties shall be awarded to the Crown, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter the Appropriation or Application of any Fine or Penalty imposed at any of the Divisional Police Offices of Dublin Metropolis or by the Justices in any Corporate Town, and payable to any Borough Fund, but the same shall continue to be appropriated and applied as is now by Law authorized, and shall be paid over to the 6ame Purposes from Time to Time in such Manner and at such Times as the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

XIV. All Fines or Penalties payable to the Crown, not being Fines or Penalties imposed at any of the said Divisional Police Offices or by the Justices in any Corporate Town as aforesaid, and the Amount levied under any forfeited Recognizance, shall be from Time to Time lodged in the Bank of Ireland by the said several Officers into whose Hands the same shall come, in such Manner as shall be from Time to Time directed by the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, to the Credit of the same Fund and for the same Purposes to which all Fines and Penalties payable to the Crown are now by Law directed to be lodged.

XV. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to charge the said Fund with the Payment of such Expenses as may be necessarily incurred in the Examination of the Accounts to be rendered under the Provisions of this Act, and in the Supply of Books for the Entry of Orders at Petty Sessions, and in otherwise

653

Appeal».

Forms of Procedure,

Forms in the Schedule deemed valid. Form of Book may be extended.

Receipts not to be subject to Stamps.

Application of Fines.

Appropriation of Fines and Penalties;

but not to apply to Fines at Divisional Police Offices.

Crown Fines, &c. to be lodged in Bank.

Lord Lieutenant to charge Expense of Audit on the Fund.

MisctUantous

Provisions,

Clerks of Divisional Offices to give Security.

Annual Ac* cotint to be laid before Parliament.

Interpretation of Terms.

Fines and Penalties Act, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 56. repealed.

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Act to extend to Ireland only.

Schedule to be Part of Act.

Cap. 90. Collection of Fines, &c. (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VICT.

wise carrying the Provision* of this Act and of the said Petty Sessions Act into effect.

XVI. The several Chief Clerks of the said several Divisional Police Offices, or such other Clerks as may be deputed as aforesaid at the said Divisional Police Offices, shall give such Seat* rity for the proper accounting for all Fines or other Monies which may pass through their Hands, under the Provisions of this Act, as the said Chief or Under Secretary shall direct, in like Form and Manner as is required to be given by each Clerk of Petty Sessions under the Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act.

XVII. An Abstract Account of all Fines and other Penal Sums accounted for under the Provisions of this Act shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as the Accounts for each Year shall have been examined and declared.

XVIII. In the Interpretation of this Act, save where there is anything in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " County " shall be deemed to include " County of a City," " County of a Town," or u Riding of a County;" the Words " Lord Lieutenant" shall include any other " Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland the Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace, and include a Justice of the Divisional Police Office of Dublin Metropolis; the Word "Gaol" shall include any " House of Correction" or " Bridewell " or other legal Place of Imprisonment of the County; the Words " Keeper of the Gaol " shall include the Governor, Gaoler, or other Keeper of any such Gaol or Bridewell; the Word " Goods" shall include " Chattels;" and the Word " Oath " shall include "Affirmation f and the Reference to Forms by Letters shall be deemed to be to the Forms in the Schedule to this Act.

XIX From and after the Commencement of this Act a certain Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Collection of Fine *, Penalties, Issues, Deodands, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland, and for the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, together with all other Act or Acts or Parts of Acts which are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, except as to any Matter which shall have occurred before the passing of this Act, or any Accounts or Proceedings now pending, to which the same or any of them are applicable.

XX. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, or in any legal or other Instruments or Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851."

XXI. This Act shall commence and take effect upon the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XXII. This Act shall extend to Ireland only, except so fiuras relates to the backing and Execution of Warrants.

XXIII. The Schedule to this Act annexed shall be deemed and understood to be Part of this Act

SCHEDULE.

o-

o

Fobm (A.) — Officebs Fines Account Book. County of Court of

Month of Parti as. SUM8 AWARDED. Collection or Fines, &c. Act under which

No. in Order Book Natvrs Amount to each. If Warrant issued. Account by Officer of Sums paid in Court, or paid over to him by Constabulary, Gaolers, &c.

Pitff. *. or Case. To whom. £ f. d. To whom addressed. If committed, For what - Receipts. 1 — Payments. Fine Remarks.

f0r t iTi i-i noa rr

Month.) Deft. Own CnmptainaMt Co$U to what Gaol. Date when issued* Amount. From* whom. Date. Amount. To whom. Date. Amount. iQjpOScui

t t £ 8. cL £ 8. <L £ i s. d.

185). Collection of Fines, §-c. (, Ireland.) Cap. 90.

Form (B.) — Receipts.

(B a.) Receipt for Sums paid to Officer of Court by Parties.

__________Plaintiff. 1 Court of

__________Defendant. J County of

I have received from C.D. the Sum of an Order of the above Court, made on the of

Sum, £:

Costs, £:

Signed__________

Officer of said Court of This Day of 185 .

under

Day

(B b.) Receipt for Sums paid to Officer of Court by Gaolers.

__________Plaintiff. 1

__________Defendant. J

I have received from at the Sum of

Sum in a Warrant under which Day of

above Court to the said Gaol. Sum, £:

Costs, £:

Court of__________

County of__________

Keeper of [Gaol] stated to be the C.D. was committed on the under the Order of the

Signed

Officer of said Court.

This Day of 185 .

(B c.) Receipt for Sums paid to Parties by Officer of Court

__________Plaintiff.

__________Defendant

I have received from Court, the Sum of Day of

Sum, £:

Costs, £:

Witness___

This

1 Court of__________

J County of__________

the Officer of the above awarded to me on the

Signed

of Constabulary.

Day of 185 .

L.

Collection of Fines, &c. (Ireland.) Cap. 90.

657

Form (C.) — Recognizance.

__________Plaintiff. 1 Court of__________

_______ Defendant. J County of__________

Whereas an Order was made on the Day

of by the above Court, That (x) (*) Order of

Court against which Party appeals.

The undersigned principal Party to this Recognizance hereby binds himself to perform the following Obligation; viz.

To attend the (*) (*) the Court of

Aeeizet, or

Quarter See.

lions, or other Court of AppeaL

to be held at on the Day of

at o'Clock in the Forenoon, and there to prosecute

his Appeal against the said Order.

And the said principal Party, together with the undersigned Sureties, hereby severally acknowledge themselves bound to forfeit to the Crown the Sums following; viz. the said principal Party the Suip of and the said Sureties the

Sum of r each, in case the said principal Party

fails to perform the above Obligation.

Principal Party j- Sureties.

Taken before me, this Day of

nt

Signed

Signed

Justice.

I certify. That the said the above Obligation. Signed has not performed certificate of Forfeiture.

This Day of 185 .

I order, That the Sum of be levied off the Goods Order to estreat, of the said principal Party, and the Sum of off the Goods of each of the said Sureties.

Signed

This Day of 185 .

Form (D.) — Certificate of Recognizance to appeal.

0) Order of Court against which Party appeals.

__________Plaintiff. 1 Court of__________

__________Defendant J County of__________

Whereas an Order was made by the Court of on the Day of against

of

To the following Effect; viz.

I certify, That he has duly entered into a Recognizance in the Sum of with Two Sureties in the Sum of each, conditioned to prosecute his Appeal

against the said Order.

Signed__________Justice.

This Day of 185 .

CAP. XCI.

An Act to authorize the Application of Advances (out of Money now authorized to be advanced for the Improvement of Landed Property) to facilitate Emigration from certain distressed Districts of Scotland.

[7th August 1851.]

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

10 & 11 Vict c. 11.

11 & 12 Vict c. 119.

IS & 14 Vict. c, 81.

WHEREAS great Distress prevails in certain " Highlands and Islands of Scotland, which wc

Parts of the would be most

effectually relieved by affording Facilities for the voluntary Emigration of a Portion of the Population of those Districts, and it is expedient to enable Owners of Land in the said Highlands and Islands to defray the whole or Part of the Expense of the Emigration of poor Persons desirous of emigrating from the Parishes or Combinations in which such Land is situate, and to charge their Estates for that Purpose in like Manner as they are now authorized to do under the Acts herein-after mentioned, for Purposes of Improvement: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter One hundred and one) ," to authorize the Advance of Money to a " limited Amount to promote the Improvement of Land in " Great Britain and Ireland, by Works of Drainage;" and the said Act was explained and amended by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Eleven; and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter 'One hundred and nineteen, to simplify the Forms of Certificate under the said first-mentioned Act; and an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament (Chapter Thirty-one) ," to authorize further Advances of Money for <c Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the " United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such

" Advances

Emigration Advances (Distressed Districts, Scotland). Cap. 9 L

i " AdvancesAnd whereas Funds remain applicable for Advances under the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Any Owner of Land in the Highlands or Islands of Scotland, who may be desirous of obtaining an Advance by way of Loan, under this Act, for defraying in whole or in part the Expenses of the Emigration of any poor Persons in the Parishes or Combinations in which such Land is situate, willing to emigrate to Parts beyond the Seas, may make Application to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales for such Advance: Provided always, that such Application shall be with the Consent of the Board of Supervision for the Relief of the Poor in Scotland, who shall signify in Writing under the Hand of One of the Members of such Board, or of their Secretary, their Opinion that such Emigration would be expedient, and that Notice of such Application, with Lists and Particulars of the Persons the Expenses of whose Emigration it is so proposed to defray in whole or in part, shall be transmitted by such Owner to the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners.

II. The Inclosure Commissioners shall make such Inquiries in relation to any such Application as they may think necessary, and shall report their Opinion thereon to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, after making arry Inquiries which they may think proper in relation to the proposed Emigration, shall report their Opinion to the said Commissioners of the Treasury as to the Propriety of such Emigration; and if it appear to the said Commissioners of the Treasury that an Advance should be made, they may direct the said Inclosure Commissioners to issue a Provisional Certificate for such Advance, and such Inclosure Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Provisional Certificate, which shall declare, that upon its being certified to them, by the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, that the proposed Emigration has taken place, and that the Expense or Portion of the Expense thereof in respect of which the Advance is to be made has been actually defrayed by the Owner of the Land mentioned in such Provisional Certificate, the said Inclosure Commissioners will certify to the Commissioners of the Treasury their Opinion that such Advance should be made out of the Monies applicable under the said Acts, and such Advance maj be made accordingly, and the Land mentioned in such Provisional Certificate shall be charged in respect thereof, in like Manner as the same may be charged in respect of Advances made for the Improvement thereof under the said Acts.

III. So much of the said Acts as limits the Amount for which a Provisional Certificate may be issued upon any Application or Applications by the same Owner or in respect of the same Land, shall not extend or be applicable to or in the Case

659

Landowners in the Highlands or Islands of Scotland may make Application for Loans for defraying Expenses of Emigration of the Poor.

After Inquiries by Inclosure Commissioners and Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, Treasury may direct the Issue of a Provisional Certificate.

Restrictions on Amount of Loans not to be applicable to Loans under this Act.

660

Emigration Commissioners may circulate Notices of Particulars.

Provisions of recited Acts to extend to Applications and Advances under this Act.

Justices may decide all Cases under this Act on Evidence of Witnesses or Confession. '

Cap. 91, 92. Emigration Advances {Distressed Districts, Scotland.)

of any Provisional Certificate to be issued upon any Application under this Act, and no Provisional Certificate issued or Advance made under this Act shall be taken into account in computing the Amount for or in respect of which Provisional Certificates may be issued under the said Acts.

IV. The Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners may issue and cause to be circulated, as they may think proper, Notices of the Particulars which should be transmitted to them in respect of Applications under this Act

V. All the Provisions of the said Acts in relation to and consequential upon Applications and Advances, and the Charges in respect of such Advances, under the said Acts or any of them, shall (so far as the Nature of the Case permits, and subject to* the Provisions of this Act) extend and be applicable to and in the Case of Applications and Advances, and the Charges in respect of such Advances under this Act; and the said Acts and this Act shall be read together as One Act.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the

Acts by which Justices of the Peace are empowered to

adjudicate in a Summary Way as to certain Offences and other

Matters in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices sitting in Petty Sessions (or for any Two Justices sitting out of Petty Sessions, when the Offender shall be unable to procure Bail far his Appearance at Petty Sessions,) within his or their respective Jurisdictions to hear and determine, either on the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Person against whom the Complaint shall be made, all Complaints relating to any Offences, Claims, or other Matters under the Provisions of this Act, and to order such Fine, Imprisonment, Compensation, Expenses, and Sums, or to make such other Order relating to each Offence or other Matter as such Person shall be liable to under the said Provisions; and all Proceedings as to compelling the Appearance of any such Person or of any Witness, and as to the Hearing and Determination of such Complaints, and as to the making and executing of such Orders, shall be subject in all respects to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions Act, Ireland, 1851," (when the Case shall be heard in any Petty Sessions District,) and to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Divisional Police Offices (when the Case shall be

heard

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland).

Cap. 92.

heard in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis), so far as the said Provisions shall be consistent with any special Provisions of this Act.

II. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case;

1. Any Person who shall unlawfully assault or beat any other Person shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Two Months:

2. Any Person who shall assault or beat or use any other

Violence to any other Person, with Intent to deter him from baying or selling any Corn or other Agricultural or Garden Produce in any Market or other Place, or to stop the Conveyance of the same, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

Provided always, that in case the Justices shall find any such Assault as aforesaid to have been of a trifling or justifiable Nature, they shall give to the Person against whom the Complaint shall have been made such Certificate as is authorized by the said Petty Sessions Act; and provided also, that in case they shall find any such Assault to have been accompanied by any Attempt to commit Felony, or shall be of opinion that the same is from any other Circumstance a fit Subject for a Prosecution by Indictment, they shall abstain from adjudicating summarily thereupon, and shall deal with the Case in all respects asf One to be prosecuted at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions; but nothing herein contained shall authorize any Justices to hear and determine in a Summary Way any Case of Assault in which any Question shall arise as to the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to any Interest therein or accruing thereupon, or as to any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or any Execution under the Process of any Superior Court.

III. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences (whether from Malice conceived against the Owner of such Property, or not,) shall be liable to the Punishment hereinafter specified in each Case:

1. Any Artificer, Workman, Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or Labourer who shall unlawfully and wilfully damage, spoil, or destroy any Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials committed to his Care or Charge, without the Consent of the Person by whom he shall be hired, retained, or employed, (the Injury done being under the Value of Five Pounds,) shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

T t 3 2. Any

661

CRIMINAL

Jurisdiction,

Malicious Injury to Persons.

Common

Assaults.

Assaults with Intent to prevent Sale of Corn, Sec.

Certificate of trifling or justifiable Assaults.

The preceding Provisions not to apply to felonious Assaults;

nor to any Assault where a Title to Lands, See. is in ques-

Wilfitl Injury to Property.

Journeyman. &c. for spoiling Goods or Work, (under the Value of 5/.)

662

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (.14 & 15 VICT.

Destroying, &c. any Fruit or Vegetable Production in a Garden, &c.

Destroying, See. Vegetable Productions not growing in Gardens, &c. First Offence.

Second Offence.

Destroying or damagingTrees, Shrubs, &c. (the Value being under 5L)

Destroying, 8cc. any Fence, Wall, Stile, or Gate.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Obstructing Export of agncul-tural Procfee.

2. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully destroy, or

damage with Intent to destroy, any Plant, Fruit, or Vegetable Production growing in any Garden, Orchard, Nursery Ground, Shrubbery, Pleasure Ground, Hothouse, Green-house, or Conservatory, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months:

3. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully destroy, or

damage with Intent to destroy, any Plant, Fruit, or cultivated Vegetable Production growing in any Land, open or inclosed, not being a Garden, Orchard, or Nursery Ground, shall for the First Offence pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month; and for any Second or subsequent like Offence shall, in addition to any like Compensation, be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

4. Any Person who shall, between Sunrise and Sunset, unlaw-

fully and wilfully cut, break, bark, root up, or otherwise destroy or damage the whole or any Part of any Trees, Sapling, or Shrub, or any Description of Underwood, (the Injury done being under the Value of Five Pounds), shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

5. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully damage or destroy any Fence of any Description whatsoever, or any Wall, Stile, or Gate, or any Part thereof respectively, shall for the First Offence pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months; and for any Second or subsequent Offence he shall, in addition to any Compensation ordered, be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned fora Term not exceeding Twelve Months:

6. Any Person who shall unlawfully stop or seize upon any

Cart or other Carriage, or Horse, loaded with Corn or other Provisions, in or on the Way to or from any Place of Sale or shipping, or shall wilfully injure the same or

any

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 663

any Part thereof, or the Harness of the Horses drawing Wilful injury to

the same, or shall unlawfully take off, drive away, or

injure any of such Horses in order to stop the same, or shall scatter or throw away such Com or other Provisions,

or shall carry away or damage the same or any Part

thereof, or shall distribute the same, or compel the Owner

or his Servant, or the Carrier of the same, to distribute

or otherwise depart from the Possession of the same or of

any Part thereof, contrary to his Consent, shall be liable

to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be

imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

7. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully break any Breaking Win-

Pane of Glass in the Windows of any Workhouse of a

Poor Law Union, or damage or destroy any of the Fur- of aeWorkhouL

niture, Clothes, or other Property of the Guardians of (where Value

the Poor of any Poor Law Union, (the Injury done under 40*.)

being under the Value of Forty Shillings,) shall be liable

to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

8. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully commit any Damage to Pro-

Damage, Injury, or Spoil to or upon any Real or Per- pertyinanyCase sonal Property whatsoever, either of a public or private for 7

Nature, for which Offence no Punishment is already (where Value otherwise provided by this Act, (the Injury done being &) under the Value of Five Pounds,) shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

And any Person found committing any of the said Offences may Persons in the be immediately arrested, without a Warrant, by any Sub- Act of offending Inspector, Head or other Constable, or by the Owner of the h^dedwSSmut Property in respect of which the Offence shall have been com- Warrant, mitted, or by the Servant of such Owner, or by any other Person authorized by such Owner, or by any other Person in care or charge of such Property, and shall with all convenient Speed be taken before some neighbouring Justice, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that nothing herein con- Exception of tained -shall extend to any Case where the Party offending acted unintentional! under a fair and reasonable Supposition that he had a Right to Trespas$es* do the Act complained of, nor to any Trespass (not being wilful and malicious) committed in Hunting, Fishing, or the Pursuit of Game; but every such Trespass shall be punishable in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act.

IV. Whenever any credible Witness shall prove upon Oath Accounting for before a Justice that there is reasonable Cause to suspect that Property.

any of the Articles of Property herein-after mentioned has been Justice may taken or stolen, and is to be found in any House or other Place, Search it shall be lawful for such Justice to issue a Warrant to search ^r^Art[cles, such House or Place for such Property; and any Person in and require Per-

T t 4 whose 801110 account

for haring same in his Possession;

and on failing so to do he may be committed to Gaol till next Petty Sessions.

Possession of shipwrecked Goods.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Possession of stolen Mutton, &c.

Possession of stolen Wood.

Offering shipwrecked Goods for Sale.

whose Possession or on whose Premises any of the said Articles of Property shall be found by virtue of any such Search Warrant (or by any Member of the Constabulary or Metropolitan Police Forces when executing any Warrant, or otherwise acting in the Discharge of his Duty), and who shall not satisfy the Justice before whom he shall be brought that he came lawfully by the same, or that the same was on his Premises without his Knowledge or Assent, may be committed by such Justice to Gaol until the next Day of holding Petty Sessions for the District, unless he shall enter into a Recognizance with One or more Sureties to appear at such Petty Sessions; and if such Person shall be convicted at such Petty Sessions of any of the next following Offences he shall be liable to the Punishment hereinafter specified in each Case:

1. Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises

any Goods, Merchandise, or other Articles belonging to any Ship or Vessel in distress, or wrecked, stranded, or cast on shore, shall be so found, and who shall not satisfy the Justices that he came lawfully by the same, or that the same was on his Premises without his Knowledge or Assent, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Twelve Months:

2. Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises

the Carcase of any Sheep, Lamb, or Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, or any Venison, Mutton, Fat, Skin, or Fleece of such Deer, Sheep, or Lamb, shall be so found, and who shall not account for the same in manner aforesaid, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

3. Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises

the whole or any Part of any Tree, Sapling, or Shrub, or any Underwood, or any Part of any live or dead Fence, or any Post, Pale, Rail, Stile, or Gate, or any Part thereof, (being of the Value of One Shilling at the least,) shall be so found, and who shall not account for the same in manner aforesaid, shall pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Article or Articles so found, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term |not exceeding One Month:

4. Any Person who shall offer or expose for Sale any Goods,

Merchandise, or Articles which shall have been unlawfully taken, or reasonably suspected to have been taken, from any Ship or Vessel in distress, or wrecked, stranded, or cast on shore as aforesaid, (whether found by virtue of a Search Warrant or not,) and who shall not account for the same in manner aforesaid, shall pay such Sum as the Justices shall fix as a reasonable Reward to the Person who shall have seized the same, and shall also be liable

i0

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 665

to a Fine not exceeding Thirty Pounds, or to be im- Accounting ft* prisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months (and in stolen ProPertr-every such Case any Person to whom the same shall be (Officers of offered for Sale, or any Officer of the Customs or Excise Customs, &c. or Constabulary Force, or other Peace Officer, may law-

fully seize the same, and shall with all convenient Speed carry the same or give Notice of such Seizure to some neighbouring Justice):

And in every Case where any such Articles of Property shall Justices may be of a perishable Nature it shall be lawful for the Justice by Son^Uw^Sen whom such Person shall be bound to appear at Petty Sessions Property, to direct that the same shall in the meantime be delivered over to such Person as he or they shall be clearly satisfied to be the rightful Owner thereof; and in every Case where any such Articles of Property shall not be so delivered over in the first instance, it shall be lawful for the Justices by whom the Case shall be heard at Petty Sessions to direct that the same shall be delivered over to the rightful Owner, if known, or if the rightful Owner shall not be known, that the same shall be sold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in like Manner as any Penalties awarded to the Crown: Provided always, that if any Person shall not in case the Per-under the Provisions last aforesaid be liable to Conviction, then, son* in posses-for the Discovery of the Person who actually stole such Articles X^Vusti^" of Property, it shall be lawful for the Justices, at their Discre- may summon tion, as the Evidence given and the Circumstances of the Case other Person *, shall require, to summon before them any Person through whose Hands such Articles of Property or any Part thereof shall appear to have passed; and if the Person from whom the same shall have been first received, or any Person who shall have had Possession thereof, shall not satisfy the Justices that he came lawfully by the same, he shall be liable to the Punishment herein-before specified in each Case.

V. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following stealing Offences as to any of the Articles of Property in this Section Property. mentioned, (or who shall receive any of the same knowing them to have been stolen or unlawfully come by,) shall for the First Offence be liable to the Punishment (and for any second or subsequent Offence to double the Amount of Punishment) hereinafter specified in each Case:

1. Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully course, Stealing. &e.

hunt, snare, or carry away, or kill or wound, or attempt Deer in any into kill or wound, any Deer in any Park, Paddock, or cl c, roun inclosed Land wherein Deer shall be usually kept, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

2. Any Person who shall steal any Dog, or any Beast or Bird Stealing Dogs

ordinarily kept in a State of Confinement, not being the Subject of Larceny at Common Law, or in whose Pos- keptluOuffine-session or on whose Premises the same, or the Skin or ment. and not Plumage thereof, shall be found, by virtue of a Search ^unbject of Warrant, such Person knowing that the said Dog, Beast, Dy *

or

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (14 & 15 VICT.

Stealing

Property.

Stealing, &c. any live or dead Fence, Wooden Stile or Gate.

Stealing Trees, Shrubs, &c. (under the Value of 5l.) growing anywhere.

Stealing Trees, Plants, Vegetables, &c. severed from the Soil, or Turf Fuel (not exceeding 40s. in Value).

Workman making away with Goods (not exceeding 51 in Value) committed to his Care.

or Bird has been stolen, or that the Skin is the Skin of a stolen Dog or Beast, or that the Plumage is the Plumage of a stolen Bird, shall pay the Value of the Property stolen to the Party aggrieved, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

3. Any Person who shall steal, or damage with Intent to

steal, any Part of any live or dead Fence, or any Wooden Post, Pale, or Rail set up or used as a Fence, or any Stile or Gate, or any Part thereof respectively, shall pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Property stolen, or the Amount of the Injury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

4. Any Person who shall steal, or shall cut, break, root up,

or otherwise destroy or damage with Intent to steal, the whole or any Part of any growing Tree, Sapling, Shrub, or Underwood, or any growing Fruit or Vegetable Production, or any growing cultivated Root or Plant, shall (in case the Value of the Property stolen or the Amount of the Injury done shall not exceed Five Pounds) pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Property stolen or the Amount of the Injury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Three Months:

5. Any Person who shall steal, or damage with Intent to

steal, the whole or any Part of any Tree, Sapling, Shrub, or Underwood, or any cultivated Plant, Root, Fruit, or Vegetable Production, severed from the Soil, or any Turf or Peat manufactured or partly manufactured for Fuel (in case the Value of such Article or Articles stolen or the Amount of the Injury done shall not exceed Forty Shillings), shall pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Property stolen or the Amount of the Injury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

6. Any Artificer, Workman, Journeyman, Apprentice, Ser-

vant, or other Person who shall unlawfully dispose of, or retain in his Possession without the Consent of the Person by whom he shall be hired, retained, or employed, any Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials committed to His Care or Charge, (the Value of such Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds,) shall pay to the Party, aggrieved such Compensation as the Justices shall think reasonable, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

7. Any

1851.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 667

7. Any Person who shall steal, or injure with Intent to steal, StealingPoultry any Turkey, Goose, or other Poultry, (where the Value (not. e«eding of such Poultry so stolen or injured shall not exceed *m ue'* Five Shillings,) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Two Weeks:

And if any credible Witness shall prove upon Oath before a A Justice may Justice that there is reasonable Cause to suspect that any such sjf11* a Search stolen Property is in any House or other Place, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search such House or other Place for Property, such Property; and any Person found committing any of the offenders may said last-mentioned Offences may be immediately arrested, with- be apprehended out a Warrant, by any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, ^£out or by the Owner of the Property with respect to which the Offence shall be committed, or by the Servant of sucl} Owner, or any Person authorized by such Owner, and such Offender shall with all convenient Speed be taken before some neighbouring Justice, to be dealt with according to Law; and any Any Person to Person to whom any such Property shall be offered to be sold, whom the stolen pawned, or delivered, if he shall have reasonable Cause to sue- seise

pect that any such Offence has been committed on or with the Party, respect to such Property, is hereby authorized, and, if in his Power, is required to arrest, without a Warrant, and with all convenient Speed to carry before a neighbouring Justice, the Person offering the same, together with such Property, to be dealt with according to Law; and in every such Case any such justices may stolen Property shall, by Order of the Justices by whom the order Restitu-Case shall be heard and determined, be delivered over to the tj^he^cu rightful Owner, if known, or if the rightful Owner shall not s*dTffOwner u be known, the same shall be sold, and the Proceeds thereof not known, applied in like Manner as any Penalties awarded to the Crown:

Provided always, that if the Justices before whom any Person If Offence be charged with any of such last-mentioned Offences shall be deemed fit for brought shall be of opinion that the Case is a fit Subject for c^b^dealt Prosecution by Indictment for Larceny, such Justices shall, with as such, instead of summarily adjudicating thereupon, deal with the Case as One to be prosecuted by Indictment at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions.

VI. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following stealing by Jwe-Offences (and whose Age at the Time of the Commission thereof nile offendert. shall not, in the Opinion of the Justices, exceed the Age of Fourteen Years,) shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified:

1. Any such Person who shall commit, or attempt to commit, Persons not cx-or who shall aid or abet the Commission of any Offence seeding Four-which now is or hereafter shall or may be by Law ^eco^mittfn deemed or declared to be Simple Larceny, or punishable certain Offences as Simple Larceny, shall, upon Conviction thereof before ay be summa-the Justices sitting in Petty Sessions and in open Court, Tl]y convicte<1» be liable to a Fine not exceeding Three Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Three Months:

668

if a Male, may be whipped.

Justices may dismiss Parties, with or without Sureties.

No other Forfeiture; but Justices may order Restitution of Property, or Compensation.

If the Charge is thought fit for Indictment, &c. Case to be dealt with as such.

Frauds as to Provisions.

Offering adulterated Corn, &c. for Sale.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

2. If a Male, such Person shall, if the Justices shall see fit,

be liable to be once privately whipped, either instead of or in addition to such Imprisonment, and the Justices shall from Time to Time appoint some fit and proper Person to inflict said Punishment of Whipping, when ordered to be inflicted out of Prison:

3. And if the Justices, upon the Hearing of any such Case,

shall deem the Offence not to be proved, or that it is not expedient to inflict any Punishment, they shall dismiss # the Person charged, on his finding a Surety or Sureties for his future good Behaviour, or without such Sureties, if the said Justices shall so think fit:

And no Conviction of any such Juvenile Offender for any such Offence shall be attended with any Forfeiture, save as hereinbefore mentioned; but whenever any such Person shall be convicted of such Offence it shall be lawful for the Justices to order Restitution of the Property in respect to which such Offence shall have been committed to the rightful Owner; or if such Property shall not then be forthcoming, the Justices, whether they shall award Punishment or dismiss the Complaint, may, if they shall think fit, order Payment of the Value of such Property in Money to the rightful Owner by the Person convicted: Provided always, that if the Justices shall be of opinion, before any such Person shall have made his Defence, that the Charge is from any Circumstance a fit Subject for Prosecution by Indictment, (or if the Parent or next Friend of such Person shall, upon his being called upon to answer the Charge, object to the Case being summarily disposed of under the Provisions of this Act,) the Justices shall, instead of summarily adjudicating thereupon, deal with the Case as One to be prosecuted by Indictment at Assizes or Quarter Sessions.

VII. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case:

1. Any Person who shall sell or offer for Sale any Wheat, Rye, Meslin, Peas, Beans, Barley, Bere, Oats, Shillin, Cutlings, Meal, Flour, Malt, or other Corn which shall in the whole or in part be spoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith any Sand, Gravel, Dirt, or rotten or damaged Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, or grown or blighted Corn, or other kind of Stuff, or which shall not be in Quality of equal Goodness to that produced to the View of the intended Buyer or Buyers thereof, or shall use any other Fraud or Deceit therein, in order to make such Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour appear heavier than it would have been without such Mixture, Fraud, or Deceit, shall forfeit all such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to be disposed of as the Justices shall direct, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Month:

2. Any

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92.

2. Any Person who shall exhibit for Sale any unwholesome or fraudulently prepared Meat, Fish, or other Provisions or Food of any kind for Man or Beast, or shall practise any Deceit or Fraud in respect to the Quality of any such Meat, Fish, or other Provisions, shall forfeit all such Meat, Fish, or other Provisions, to be disposed of as the Justices shall direct, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Month:

And it shall be lawful for any Justice to seize or cause to be seized any of the Articles herein-before last mentioned as to which any such Offence shall have been committed; and the said Justice may, if he shall deem it expedient, either proceed at once to hear and determine the Case, or may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next Petty Sessions of the District.

VIII. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, and in default of Payment thereof at such Time as the Justices shall fix shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding One Week:

1. Any Person who shall wilfully trespass in any Field,

Garden, Pleasure Ground, Wood, Plantation, or o&er Place, and shall neglect or refuse to leave any such Place after he shall have been warned to do so by the Owner, or by the Caretaker or Servant of the Owner, or by any Person authorized in that Behalf by the Owner:

2. Any Person who shall again trespass in any such Place

within Three Months from the Time when any such Warning shall have been so given to him:

Provided always* that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Case where the Party trespassing acted under a fair and reasonable Supposition that he had a Right to go into or upon any such Place, nor to any Trespass (not being wilful or malicious) committed in Hunting, Fishing, or the Pursuit of Game, but nothing herein contained shall prevent any Person from maintaining any Civil Action or Suit for any such Trespass, instead of proceeding under this Act

IX. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences on or relating to any public Road shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case:

1. Any Owner or Occupier of any Lands contiguous to any public Road who shall omjt to scour any Ditch or Drain leading from such Road, so as to allow the Water to pass away, within Ten Days after Notice shall have been given to him so to do by the County Surveyor or by the Contractor for the Repair of such Road, or who shall suffer the Passage of the Water to be obstructed by making or leaving any Way or Passage from any Road into the adjoining Lands, or into his House, without a sufficient Pipe, Sewer, or Gullet underneath it, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

2. Any

669

Offering unwholesome or fraudulently prepared Meat, &c. for Sale.

Trespass of Person*.

Trespass on Fields, &c. and refusing to leave.

Repetition of Trespass after Warning.

But not to extend to certain Cases of Trespass;

nor to prevent Right of Civil Action.

Injuries to public Roads.

Omitting to scour Ditches, or to have Drains under Passages in and out of Roads, after Notice.

Build ingHouws within SO Feet.

Deepening Ditches or altering Fences without Consent of County Surveyor, &c.

f What shall be deemed the Centre of the Road*)

Scraping Roads without such Consent, or drawing Timber, &c. so as to injure Road, or riding on Footpaths.

Taking Materials to the Injury of any Road or Building.

Destroying any Pay Gate or Turnpike Gate,

&c .;

or rescuing any Person in Custody for such Offences.

Cap. 92.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

2. Any Person who shall build or cause to be built any House or Part of a House within Thirty Feet of the Centre of any public Road, except in the Streets of Corporate or Market Towns, or where a House now stands, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and to a further Sum of Ten Shillings a Week from the Time of his Conviction until the same shall be pulled down or removed:

3. Any Person who shall scour, deepen, widen, or fill up any

Ditch or Drain on the Side of any public Road, or who shall alter the Fences of any public Road; or who shall build any Wall, or make any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, or dig any Pit or Hollow, on any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof (save upon or within any ancient Fence adjoining such Road); or who shall otherwise break up the Surface of any Road or Footpath, unless with the Consent of the County Surveyor, or by the Authority of any Presentment, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings (and the Centre of the Road, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed to be the Centre of the Part thereof

# made with Gravel or Stones):

4. Any Person who shall, without the Consent of such Sur-

veyor or Contractor, scrape any public Road, or cut any Turf or Sods on the Side of any such Road, or take any Earth, Clay, Stone, or Gravel from any such Road, or who shall draw any Timber or Stones along any Part of a public Road without being supported by Wheels from touching the same, or who shall nde or drive any Horse or other Animal, willingly and unnecessarily, on any Footpath, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

6. Any County Surveyor or Road Contractor, or other Person, who shall dig, raise, and carry away any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials from the Side of any public Road, or from any Beach or Sea-shore, whereby a public Road, or Bulwark or Defence to any Bridge or like Building, or any Land within the Fences of any such Road, may be injured, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Shillings for every Cartload of such Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials so dug, raised, or carried away:

6. Any Person who shall wilfully damage or destroy any Pay Gate or Turnpike Gate, or any Post, Rail, Wall, Chain, Bar, or other Fence of any kind whatsoever, which shall be used to prevent Passengers from passing by without paying the Toll payable by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or any Toll House for the Use of any such Pay Gate or Turnpike Gate, or who shall forcibly rescue or attempt to rescue any Person or Persons, being lawfully in Custody of any Constable or other Person for any

suc"

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 671

such Offences, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding l»j*rk$topwbBc Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for any Term not Roads, exceeding Two Months:

7. Any Person who shall wilfully prevent or assault, or Assaulting

threaten to prevent or assault, any County Surveyor or Engineers, Road Contractor in the Execution of his Duty, or any c^Sctowmi Person or Persons employed by proper Authority in public Roads, surveying or measuring or laying out any Line intended for a new Road, or who shall wilfully destroy, pull up, deface, or injure any Surveyors Instruments or Implements used in making or laying out any public Road, or any Milestone, Milepost, or Direction Post, or any Bridge, Battlement, Wall, Railing, Mound, or Fence belonging to any public Road, or who shall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take away Stones out of any such Battlement, Wall, Mound, or Fence, or out of any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet belonging to any public Road, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds^ or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

8. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the County, Using new

upon Application of the County Surveyor, to forbid any E?adfr^or

rr j* j - i ., > tain Time after

Person or Persons from nding or driving any kind of making.

Beast or Carriage on any new Road for such Space of Time as shall to them appear necessary, not exceeding Six Months after such new Road shall have been made, and the Expenditure thereon duly accounted for at Special Sessions; and any Person who shall wilfully disobey such Order (the same being duly notified by a Notice affixed to a Board or Boards erected upon such Road) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

And if the County Surveyor or the Contractor for the repairing County Sur-o£ any public Road in any County shall think that such Road vey°r or Con* is prejudiced by any of such Neglects or Offences as aforesaid, r^u^e^wners or by the Shade of any Hedges or Trees (except those planted of Land to for Ornament or Shelter of any Dwelling House, Courtyard, or rem^ °bJbc< Garden), or that any Obstruction is caused in any public Road to°prune ' by any Hedge or Tree, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Hedges or Contractor, by Notice in Writing, to require the Person who Tre« injuring shall be guilty of any such Neglect or Offence, or the Owner of the Land on which such Hedges or Trees are growing, as the Case may be, to fill up any Ditch or Drain which shall have been so scoured, deepened, or widened, or to scour any Drains which have been so filled on the Side of any public Road without the Consent of the said County Surveyor or the Authority of a Presentment, or to scour or deepen any Drain or Ditch leading from any Road which shall be omitted to be scoured or deepened after due Notice by such Surveyor or Contractor, or to remove any Way or Passage from any Road into any adjoining Land or to any House which may obstruct the free Passage

of

Injuries to public Roads.

Owners not complying to be summoned before Justices at Petty Sessions; who may order Obstructions, &c. to be removed; and on Refusal of Owner, the Surveyor or Contractor may do it at Expense of Owner.

Expenses may be levied by Distress and Sale;

but Trees, See. not to be cut or pruned at certain Seasons.

Nuisances on public Roads.

Turning Horse, &c. loose.

Negligence in driving Cattle, &c.

Flying Kites or making Slides.

Fireworks, &c.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

of the Water, or to remake the same by building a Gutter, Sewer, or Arch therein, or to pull down any Wall or fill up any Ditch or Drain the building of which shall have been an Offence against the Provisions of this Act, or to cut or plash such Hedges, or to prune or lop such Trees, so as that such Road may not be prejudiced or obstructed by the same; and if such Person or Owner shall not comply with such Request within Ten Days after such Notice, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor as aforesaid to summon such Person or Owner before the Justices assembled at any Petty Sessions of such County, to show Cause why he has not complied with such Request; and upon the Hearing of such Case it shall be lawful for such Justices, if they shall see fit, to order that such Person or Owner shall act as required by such Notice as aforesaid; and if the said Person or Owner shall not obey such Order within Ten Days after the making of the same, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor, if so directed by the Justices, to do all or any of the said Acts so required by such Notice, for the Benefit and Improvement of such Road, or to remove such Obstruction as aforesaid, to the best of his Skill and Judgment, and at the Expense of such Person or Owner; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, upon Complaint of such Surveyor or Contractor as aforesaid, and upon Proof of the Expenses incurred, to issue their Warrant for the Levy of such Expenses by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Owner: Provided always, that no Person shall be compelled, nor any such Surveyor or Contractor as aforesaid permitted, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last Day of September and the last Day of March.

X. Any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case:

1. Any Person who shall in any public Road or Street of a

Town turn loose any Horse or Cattle, or set on or urge any Dog or other Animal to attack or worry any Person, Horse, or other Animal, or who by Negligence or Ill-usage in driving Cattle shall in any public Road or any Street of a Town cause any Mischief to be done by such Cattle, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

2. Any Person who shall fly any Kite or play at any Game,

or make or use any Slide upon Ice or Snow, on any public Road or in any Street of a Town, to the Danger of the Passengers; or who shall cast or throw any Fireworks or discharge any Fire-arms on any public Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or in any Street or Passage of a Town, or who shall cast, throw, or discharge the same, or suffer the same to be cast, thrown, or discharged, from out of his House, Shop, Dwelling, Lodging, or Habitation, or from out of any Place thereto

T belonging,

51. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 673

belonging, into any public Road, Street, or Passage, shall NuUancn tm be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings: publxc Road*m

3. Any Person who shall leaye or permit to be left on any Leaving

public Road any Plough, Harrow, Cart, or other Car- Ploughs, Har-riage, without the Horse or other Animal being harnessed °n

thereto, unless such Carriage shall have been accidentally broken down there, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

4. Any Person who shall slaughter any Beast, or leave any Slaughtering

dead Beast, or skin or permit to be skinned any Beast, on a on any public Road, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, (save within any House or inclosed Yard,) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

.5. Any Person who shall lay any Stones, Timber, Dirt, Laying Stones, Dung, Turf, Straw, Rubbish, or Scourings of any Timber, &e. Ditches or Drains, or other Object, on any public Road or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, or in any Street of a Town, so as to cfuise Danger or Mischief to any Passengers, and shall allow the same to remain there longer than shall be absolutely necessary, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings; and for Fine for every every Cartload of Dung, Rubbish, Scourings, Clay,

Stones, Bricks, Sand, or Lime, or other like Materials, R^dafter °n

which shall have been so laid on any public Road or Notice to re-

Street, and which shall be allowed to remain there for TOOve the 8ame-

more than Twenty-four Hours after the Owner thereof

shall have been required by any Justice or by the County Surveyor, by Notice in Writing, to remove the same, such Owner shall, in addition to the above Fine

for so leaving the same there in the -first instance, be also

liable to a further Fine not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Day that the same shall be allowed to remain there after the Expiration of the said Period of Twenty-four Hours:

* 6. Any Person who shall hoop, scald, or fire any Cask, or Scalding Casks, bind any Car or Cart Wheels, or beat any Flax, or beating Flax, thresh or winnow any Corn, on any public Road or .Street of a Town, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, (save within any House or inclosed Yard,) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten -Shillings:

7. Any Person who shall keep or suffer to be at large within Keeping Dogs Fifty Yards of any public Road any Dog, without either unlogged having such Dog muzzled, or without having a Block or uumu22 e of Wood fastened to the Neck of such Dog, of sufficient Weight to prevent such Dog from being dangerous, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Petty Ses- Justices may sions District to issue a Warrant to any Sub-Inspector,

Head or other Constable, directing him to seize or kill killed. any dangerous Dog which shall be so kept near any public Road contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and

Lv.

674

Nuisances on public Roads,

Drying Flax or burning Weeds, &c.

Carrying Timber crosswise.

Exposing Horses, &c. for Show, Sale, or Hire.

Allowing Swine, &c. to wander on Roads.

Swine, &c. may be impounded if Owner is not known.

Surveyor or Contractor not liable to Fine, except in certain Cases.

Public Stage Carriages.

Carrying more than a certain Number s

Cap. 92.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

may

8.

10.

11

such Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, accordingly seize or kill any such Dog:

Any Person who shall dry any Flax, or burn any Bricks or Lime, or any Weeds or Vegetables for Ashes, or make or assist in making any Fires commonly called Bonfires or any other kind of Fire, upon any public Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, (save within any House or inclosed Yard,) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

9. Any Person who shall lead or drive on any public Road or Street of a Town any Car or other Carriage with Timber, Boards, or Iron laid across, so that either End shall project more than Two Feet beyond the Wheels or Sides thereof, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

Any Person who shall expose upon any public Road or in any Street of a Town any Horse or other Animal for Show, Hire, or Salt, except in any Fair or Market or other Place lawfully appointed for that Purpose, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings:

Any Person who shall allow any Swine or other Beast to wander upon any public Road, or about the Streets or Passages of any Town, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Two Shillings; and in case the Owner shall not be known, it shall be lawful for any Person by whom any such Swine or other Beast shall be found wandering upon any such Road, Street, or Passage to impound the same, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained as to the impounding of Distresses:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall render any County Surveyor or Road Contractor liable to any Fine for any Act done by such Surveyor in the Discharge of the Duties of his Office, or by such Contractor in the necessary Execution or Performance of his Contract; but if any such Surveyor or Contractor shall lay or cause to be laid any Heap of Stones, Gravel, Rubbish, or other Matter whatever, upon any public Road, and allow the same to remain there at Night to the Danger or personal Damage of any Person passing thereon, (all due and reasonable Precautions not having been taken by him to prevent any such Danger or Damage,) such Surveyor or Contractor shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI. Any of the Persons herein-after mentioned who shall commit any of the next following Offences on any public Road or in any Street of a Town shall (in addition to any Civil Action to which he may subject himself) be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings:

1. Any Driver, Owner, or Guard of any Coach, Omnibus, Car, Caravan, or other Carriage, by what Name soever the same is or shall hereafter be called or known, which shall be employed as a public Stage Carriage for con-

Veybg

1851.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 67fi

* eying Passengers for Hire, who shall permit more Pas- stag *

sengere to be carried by the same than the Number for Carriage*. whom Seats shall be respectively provided, inside or outside of the same, allowing a Space of at least Sixteen Inches for each Passenger, over and above the Space allotted to the Driver and Guard when there is a Guard; but no Child under Seven Years of Age shall be included in or counted as One of such Number; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, to stop any such Carriage which shall appear to carry a greater Number of Passengers than the above, and to measure the Seats of same, in order to ascertain whether sufficient Space has been allotted to the Passengers:

2. Any Driver, Owner, or Guard of any such public Stage Carrying Lug-

Carriage who shall allow any Passenger to sit upon the g»ge on Top of any Luggage, or upon any Part of such Carriage c^iigT'with not intended to carry Passengers, or who shall carry or insidePwsen-permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels of Luggage what- *er» exceeding ever exceeding Two Feet in Height above the Roof to HeSt" be conveyed on any such Carriage carrying Inside Passengers:

3. Any Person who shall keep and employ any such public Omitting to

Stage Carriage, and who shall not paint or cause to be P"nt Number painted on the Outside of the Door, or of each Door {£ro^yedoo* when there shall be more than One, of such Carriage, or the Doors, on some other conspicuous Part of such Carriage where of Public there shall be no Door, in legible Letters of at least One Carm^e8:

Inch in Height, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at Length, the Number of Passengers which such Carriage shall be intended to carry, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or Firm of the Company of Proprietors to whom such Carriage shall belong, or who shall cause any such Carriage as aforesaid to be employed or used for carrying any Passengers for Hire without having the said Words painted in such Manner as is herein-before directed:

4. Any Driver or Guard of any such public Stage Carriage Misconduct of

who shall wilfully mis-spend or lose Time on the Road, &c*-to *

or who shall use abusive or insulting Language to any as#enKer*> Passengers, or who, by reason of Intoxication, Negligence, or other Misconduct shall endanger the Passengers in their Lives or their Property, or the Property of any other Person with which they may be intrusted, or who shall demand or exact more than the proper Fare due from any Passenger; and in any such Case the Justices may, in addition to the Fine, order such Offender to repay to any Party so aggrieved any Sum so exacted, or a reasonable Compensation for any Damage or Loss caused by any such Offence:

Uu 2

GoAgte

Drivers leaving their Horses until a proper Person shall stand at their Head;

or allowing others to drive.

Carts and Cars.

Where Names of Owners aro not painted on Carts, &c .;

One Driver taking charge of more than One Cart, &c., except in certain Cases:

Drivers of Carts riding thereon without some other Person to guide them:

Drivers leaving their Carts;

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

5. Any Driver of any such public Stage Carriage who shall (at any Place or Places where Assistance can be procured) quit his Horse or Horses, or the Box of such Carriage, until a proper Person or Persons shall stand at the Head of the Horse or Horses or Fore Horse or Fore Horses, or shall hold the Reins so as to prevent them from running away; or any such last-mentioned Person or Persons who shall not remain at their Head or hold the Reins until the Driver has returned to his Box; or any Driver of any such Carriage who shall intrust the Reins to any other Person to drive such Carriage, or any Person who shall so take such Reins and drive such Carriage.

XII. Any of the Persons herein-after mentioned who shall commit any of the next following Offences on any public Road, or in any Street of a Town, shall (in addition to any Civil Action to which he may subject himself) be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

1. Any Owner of any Cart, Car, Dray, or other such Carriage used for the Conveyance of Goods who shall use or allow the same to be used on any public Road or Street without having his Name and Residence painted upon some conspicuous Part of the Right or Off Side of such Carriage, in legible Letters not less than One Inch in Height, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at Length, or who shall paint or cause to be painted any false or fictitious Name or Residence on such Carriage:

2. Any Person who shall act as the Driver or have the sole

Charge of more than One such Carriage as last aforesaid on any public Road or Street, unless in the Cases where Two of such Carriages and no more shall be drawn each by One Horse only, and the Horse of the hinder of such Carriages shall be attached by a sufficient Rein to the Back of the foremost of such Carriages:

3. Any Person having the Care and Charge of any such

Carriage as last aforesaid who shall ride upon the same, or upon any Horse drawing the same, on any public Road or Street, except where he shall be accompanied by some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the same, or where such Carriage shall be. driven with Reins, and be conducted by some Person holding the Reins of all the Horses drawing the same:

4. Any Driver of any such Carriage as last aforesaid who shall negligently or wilfully be at such Distance from such Carriage, or in such a Situation, that he cannot have the Direction of the Horse or Horses drawing the same, or who shall leave any such Carriage on such Road or Street so as to obstruct the Passage thereof:

5'Anjr

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland.) Cap. 92. 677

5. Any Driver of any such Carriage as last aforesaid, not Driver refus-having the Owner's Name thereon as hereby required, Owner^Names. and remaining legible thereon, who shall refuse to tell or to discover the true Christian and Surname and Residence of the Owner of such Carriage.

XIII. Any Person who shall on any public Road or Street Ruietofth* commit any of the next following Offences shall (in addition Hoad. to any Civil Action to which he may make himself liable) be also liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case:

1. Any Person driving any Carriage whatsoever, or riding Keeping on

any Horse or other Animal, who, meeting any other ^Suieof Carriage or Horse or other Animal, shall not keep his Carriage or Horse or other Animal on the Left or Near Side of the Road or Street, or, if passing any other Carriage or Horse or other Animal going in the same Diretion, shall not in all Cases where it is practicable go and pass to the Right or Off Side of such other Carriage or Horse or other Animal, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

2. Any Person riding any Horse, and leading any other Passing with a

Horse, who shall not keep such led Horse on the Side led Horse: farthest away from any Carriage or Person passing him on any public Road or in any Street of a Town, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

3. Any Person who shall in any Manner wilfully or by Obstructing

Negligence or Misbehaviour prevent or interrupt the or free Passage of any Person or Carriage on any public ros8in^8. Road or Street, or Crossing, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

4. Any Person riding any Horse or Animal, or driving any Furious

Sort of Carriage, who shall ride or drive the same driving: furiously on any public Road or Street so as to endanger any Passenger or Person, or who shall by Carelessness Negligent or wilful Misbehaviour cause any Injury to any Person driving: or Property on any public Road or Street, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

5. And no Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage, children under and no Hackney Car or Carriage, or Car or Carriage Thirteen Years let on Hire, travelling on any public Road or Street, not dnve* shall be driven by any Person who shall not be of the full Age of Thirteen Years, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be paid by the Owner of such Carriage.

XIV. The Mode of proceeding as to any of the said Offences Special ProvU

committed upon public Roads or Streets shall be subject to the v"*, ?9 for following special Provisions: Road offbeat.

1. The County and Sub-Inspectors, Head and other Con- -

stables of the Constabulary Force, shall take cognizance

of all such Offences, and shall, in every Case where the of OffencesT

Name and Residence of any such Offender is known or and summon

can be ascertained, summon him either before the J us- offen<le^»lf TT o /-v x* known, in any

U U o by v^jOvlaCes Petty Sessions

District where found.

If Name not known, may be arrested.

Proceeding if Offender will not discover his Name.

Horses, Carriages, &c. of Offenders may be detained.

Justice may order Removal of Nuisances.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland), 14 & 15 VICT.

tices of the Petty Sessions District in which the Offence shall be committed, or before the Justices of any other Petty Sessions District in which such Offender may reside or be at the Time of taking such Proceeding, and such Justices are hereby authorized to hear and determine such Case, either upon the Complaint of such County or Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, or of any other Person:

2. Where the Name and Residence of such Offender shall be unknown and cannot be ascertained, he may, with or without any Warrant, be arrested by any such County or Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, or any Persons whom he may call to his Assistance; and if any such Person shall refuse to discover his Name, it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom he shall be taken, or to whom any such Complaint shall be made, to commit him to Gaol for any Time not exceeding One Month, or to entertain any Proceeding against him for the Penalty aforesaid by a Description of his Person and Offence only, without adding any Name or Designation, but expressing in the Proceedings that he refused to discover his Name; and whenever any Person having charge of any Horse or other Animal, or of any Cart or other Carriage, shall be so taken into Custody by any County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, it shall be lawful for such County or Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, also to take charge of such Horse, Animal, Cart, or Carriage, and to deposit the same in some Place of safe Custody, as a Security for Payment of any Penalty to which the Person having had charge thereof may become liable; and it shall be lawful for the Justices by whom the Case shall be heard to order that, in default of such Penalty, and the Expenses of keeping such Horse, Animal, Cart, or Carriage, being paid, the same shall be sold, for the Purpose of satisfying such Penalty and Expenses, in like Manner as if the same had been subject to be distrained and had been distrained for the Payment of the same:

3. It shall be lawful for the County Surveyor or Road Con-

tractor, or any Head or other Constable duly authorized in Writing by any Justice of the County, to remove any of the herein-before mentioned Objects which may be left on any public Road or Street contrary to the Provisions of this Act, at the Expense of the Offender, and it shall be lawful for the Justices at any Petty Sessions of the County, upon Complaint of such Surveyor, Contractor, or Constable, and upon Proof of the Expense incurred, to issue a Warrant for the Levy of such Expenses by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender:

4. Ia

1851- Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap- 92.

4. In every Case where any Hurt or Damage shall have been

caused by the Commission of any of the said Offences, the Justices, upon the Hearing of the Complaint, may, in addition to any Penalty herein provided, order the Party offending, or, in case of an Offence by the Driver of any Carriage, the Owner of such Carriage, forthwith to pay for Compensation to the Party aggrieved a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings (provided such Amount of Damage shall have been proved); and any Sum which shall be so paid by lie Owner shall and may in like Manner be recovered by him in a Summary Way before the Justices from the Driver through whose Default such Sum shall have been so paid, upon Proof of the Payment thereof pursuant to the Order of the Justices:

5. Any Summons issued by any Justice, requiring any Owner,

Driver, or Guard of any public Stage Carriage to appear before him to answer any Complaint for any such Offence, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service in case the same be left with the known or acting Book-keeper, or with any other Person having the Care of any Office where Places are usually taken or Parcels received for such Carriage.

XV. The Decision of Claims to the Possession of small Tenements in certain Towns and Villages shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever the Term or Interest of the Tenant of any

House or of any Part of a House situate in any City, Town, Borough, or Village in which any Fair or Market is usually held, and which shall be held by him for any Term not exceeding One Month, at a Rent not exceeding the Rate of One Pound Sterling by the Month, shall have ended, or shall have been duly determined by a legal Notice to quit, if such Tenant, (or where such Tenant shall not himself occupy the Premises, or only a Part thereof, if the Person by whom the same or any Part thereof shall be occupied,) shall neglect or refuse to deliver up Possession of the same, it shall be lawful for the Landlord of the stud Premises, or his known Agent, or for the Receiver of the Rents of his Estate, to cause such Tenant or Occupier to be served with a Summons in Writing, signed by any Justice having Jurisdiction in the Place in which the said Premises shall be situated, to appear before the Justices at the Petty Sessions of the District in which the said Premises shall be situated, to show cause why Possession of the said Premises should not be delivered up:

2. Such Summons may be served upon such Tenant or Occu-

pier either personally or by leaving the same for him with some Person in Occupation of such House or Part of a House, and where the Tenant of such House or Part of a House shall not reside therein either by serving

oogK1

679

Compensation (not exceeding 40*.) for Damage recoverable before Justices in such Cases.

Owners may recover over against Drivers.

Summons for the Driver of Stage Carriage left with the Book-keeper to be good Service.

Civil

Ju&isdictiox.

Possession of small Tenements

Possession of small Tenements may be recover by Order of Justices.

Manner in which such Summons shall be served.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Possession of small Tenements,

Substitution of Service in certain Cases.

On Proof of Right, Justices may issue Warrant to deliver Possession.

If Party summoned undertakes to deliver up Possession and pay Arrears of Rent in 14 Days, no Warrant to issue till the Expiration of that Period, when, if Possession continued, Justices may issue Warrant without further Notice.

the same personally upon him or by leaving the same at his usual Place of Abode Four clear Days before the Day appointed for the Hearing of the Matter of the said Summons; but if the Person so holding over cannot be found, and Admission into the Premises so overheld cannot be obtained, and the Place of Abode of such Person not residing as aforesaid shall either not be known or Admission thereto cannot be obtained, the posting of the said Summons on some conspicuous Part of the said Premises shall be deemed to be good Service upon such Person:

3. If such Tenant or Occupier shall not appear at the Time

and Place appointed, or shall appear, but shall not show to the Satisfaction of the Justices reasonable Cause why Possession should not be given, and shall still neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, it shall be lawful for the Justices, upon Proof of the Holding, and of the End or Determination of the Tenancy, with the Time and Manner thereof, (and, where the Title of the Landlord shall have accrued since the letting of the Premises, upon Proof of the Right by which he claims the Possession,) to issue a Warrant to the Sub-Inspector of the District within which such Premises shall be situated, or to any other Person as a special Bailiff in that Behalf, requiring and authorizing him, within a Period to be therein named, not less than Seven or more than Ten clear Days from the Date of such Warrant, to give Possession of the Premises to such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Warrant to the said Sub-Inspector or Bailiff to enter upon the Premises, with such Assistants as he shall deem necessary, and to give Possession accordingly; but such Entry shall not be made on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, or at any Time except between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon:

4. But if such Tenant or Occupier shall appear before the Justices, and shall give an Undertaking (to be entered in Writing by the Clerk of Petty Sessions) quietly and peaceably to deliver up, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, Possession of the Premises of which he shall be such Tenant or Occupier, in good Order and Repair, to such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, and in, the meantime to pay all Rent and Arrears of Rent claimed by such Landlord in respect to such Premises, the Justices shall not issue their Warrant for giving Possession till the Expiration of such Period of Fourteen Days; and if such Tenant or Occupier shall at the Expiration of such Period continue in possession or occupation of the said Premises, save by the Permission of such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, it shall be lawful for the Justices,

681

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92.

Justices, at the Instance of such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, to issue a Warrant for giving Possession of the same as aforesaid, and such Warrant shall be executed forthwith, without further Notice to such Tenant or Occupier:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to protect any Person by whom any such Warrant to deliver Possession of any such Premises shall be sued out as aforesaid from any Action which may be brought against him by any such Tenant or Occupier for or in respect of such Entry and taking possession, where such Person had not, at the Time of suing out the same as aforesaid, lawful Right to the Possession of the said Premises.

XVI. The Decision of certain Disputes between Employers and the Persons employed by them shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. It shall be lawful for the Justices to hear and determine

any Disputes concerning any Sums which shall be due for Wages by any Master to his Apprentice, or by any Employer to any Artificer, Labourer, Servant, or other Person employed by him to do any Species of Work or Labour whatsoever (whether he shall find Materials for the Performance of the same or not, and whether such Wages shall be due in respect to any Day's Work or to any Labour done or performed by Task, Job, or Contract); or which shall be due by any Person for the Hire of any Horse, Ass, Mule, Bullock, or other Animal for Draught, or of any Cart, Dray, Car, Plough, Harrow, or Vehicle drawn by any such Animal for the Purpose of any labouring Work, (and not being for the Carriage of any Passenger or Passengers), or for the Hire of any Boat for the Purpose of any labouring Work (and not being for the Carriage of any Passenger or Passengers), and whether such Hire shall be by the Day or by Contract or otherwise; or which shall be due to any Schoolmaster or Teacher for the teaching of any Child in any School or other Place, and whether the Engagement shall be for a Payment by the Day or for any other Period, or in any other Manner (provided that the Amount of the Demand for such Wages, Hire, or Tuition, in any of such Cases, whether originally greater or not, shall not exceed Ten Pounds); and to make such Order as they shall see fit for Payment of such Sums as shall appear to be justly due to the Complainant by his Master or Employer, or, in case of any Sum claimed for the teaching of any Child, by the Parent or other Person who shall have engaged the Complainant to teach such Child:

2. Whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Jus-

tices that any Schoolmaster, Teacher, Servant, Artificer, Labourer, or other Person so employed as aforesaid has

Gobeen

Possession of small Tenements.

But Act not to protect Persons who liaye no legal Right.

Matter and Servant.

Justices may order Payment of Sums duo: For Wages:

For the Hire of Horses, Carts, &c .:

For Tuition s

(The Demand not exceeding 10/.)

Justices may award further Sum to Servants, &c. as Compensation

(not eieeeding 40*) for Loss of Time in recovering Wages.

How Servants, &c. shall recover their Wages in Cases of Absence of Masters, &c.

Justices may punish Servant, &c. for not observing Contract.

been or is likely to be detained from his Home or usual Place of Residence, or has suffered or is likely to suffer any additional Loss by reason of the Nonpayment of any Sum which such Justices shall so adjudge to be . due to him, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order that there shall be paid to him by such Master or Employer, not only the Sum so due to him, but also such further Sum as Compensation, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Time during which he shall have been so detained from his usual Place of Residence, or for the Loss suffered or likely to be suffered, as such Justices shall think to be reasonable, having regard to the Length of such Detention, the Diligence or Remissness of either Party, the usual Earnings of such Schoolmaster, Teacher, Servant, Artificer, Labourer, or Person, and the Sum which within the Time of such Detention he did earn, or under all the Circumstances of the Case might have earned:

3. In every Case where any such Master or Employer shall

intrust his Business to the Management and Superintendence of any Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager, it shall be lawful for the Justices to summon such Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager to appear at Petty Sessions, and to hear and determine the Matter of the Complaint in such and the like Manner as Complaints of the like Nature against any Master or Employer, and to make an Order for the Payment by such Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager, to the Complainant, of such Sum or Compensation as shall be justly due to him; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any such Sum or Compensation at such Time as shall be directed by such Justices it shall be lawful for them to issue a Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Master or Employer:

4. Whenever any Servant, Artificer, Labourer, or other Person shall engage, by an Agreement in Writing signed by both Parties, with any Person, to serve him at any Time and in any Manner, and he shall not enter into or commence his Service according to such Agreement, or whenever, having entered into any Service under any Agreement, whether in Writing or not, he shall absent himself before the Term specified in such Agreement shall be completed, or shall neglect to fulfil the same, or shall be guilty of any Misconduct or Misdemeanor in the Execution of the same or in any way respecting the same, it shall be lawful for the Justices to hear and determine such Complaint as may be made against him by his Employer, or by the Steward, Manager, or Agent of his Employer, and if it shall appear that he has not fulfilled his Agreement, or has been guilty of any Misconduct in respect to the same, to impose upon him a Fine

not

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92.

not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and in default of Payment of such Fine to commit him to Gaol for any Term not exceeding Three Months, and to abate the whole or a Part of his Wages, and to discharge him from his Agreement or Service, by Writing under their Hands, if they shall see fit:

5. Any Servant or other Person who shall hire or engage with any Master or other Person under any false or forged Discharge or Certificate of Character, shall be liable to forfeit all the Wages which shall be due to him by such Master or Person at the Time of his Conviction, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, and in default of Payment to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months.

XVII. The Decision and Regulation of certain Matters relating to Fairs and Markets shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever any Dispute shall arise between any Buyer and

Seller relating to the Terms of Sale, Delivery, Price, or Payment for any Article, Matter, or Thing which shall be exhibited for Sale in any Fair or Market, (and which shall not be of a greater Value than Five Pounds,) it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction either to proceed at once to hear and determine such Dispute, (upon the Complaint of either Party, and in Presence of both Parties, and after causing all Parties to be brought before him for that Purpose,) or to adjourn the hearing thereof to the next Petty Sessions of the District; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or the Justices at such Petty Sessions, having examined into the said Complaint upon the Oath of either of the Parties or of any Witness or Witnesses, to make an Award thereon according to the Merits of the Case, and such Award shall be in Writing, and shall have the like Force and Effect as any Order made at Petty Sessions:

2. It shall be lawful for the Town Commissioners acting

under an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, and for the Commissioners acting under any other Local or Special Acts giving them like Powers in their respective Towns not being Corporate Towns, and for the Justices at Petty Sessions in other Market Towns, not being Corporate Towns, from Time to Time to appoint, by Order in Writing, such Place or Places in such Towns as they shall think fit for any Public or Hackney Car or Carriage to stand in for Hire; and also to make (and vary from Time to Time) such Regulations as they shall see fit for keeping or causing to be kept free and clear from Obstruction all Passages or Thoroughfares in and through the said Markets, and for keeping or causing to be kept all said Markets, and all Passages therein and thereto, dear and

V free

683

Master and Servant.

Justices may punish Servants, Sec. for hiring under false Discharges.

Fairs and Markets.

Justices may make Awards as to Disputes at Sales in Fairs and Markets (where Value does not exceed

a.)

Justices to appoint Stands for Cars, kc.

and make Regulations as to Thoroughfares in Markets.

Fairs and Markets.

Punishment for Offences against these Provisions: Breaking through the Regulations, &c.

Obstructing Streets or Market Places.

Weights and Measures.

Head Constable shall be Inspector of Weights and Measures.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

free from any Dirt or Nuisances of any kind whatever, and for preventing all Indecencies being committed therein; provided that no such Regulations shall interfere with or impede the due Accommodation of Persons lawfully exposing Goods or Wares for Sale therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Town Commissioners or Justices, as the Case may be, to give due Notice of such Regulations, by causing the same to be painted on a Board, and affixed in some conspicuous Place in any such Market, in like Manner as Schedules of Tolls and Customs in Markets are now required by Law to be affixed:

And any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified:

3. Any Person who shall offend against any of the said

Regulations, by exhibiting Goods or Wares in any such Market in any Place other than that appointed for the Sale of the same, or by refusing to remove the same when required so to do, or by obstructing the Passages or Thoroughfares in and through such Market, or by placing or leaving any Impediment of any kind therein, or by leaving or causing to be left any Dirt or Nuisance of any kind therein, or who shall commit any Indecency in said Market or in the Passages thereto, shall be liable to a Fine for a First Offence not exceeding Five Shillings, and for a Second Offence not exceeding Ten Shillings:

4. Any Person who shall, within any City, Borough, or

Market Town in Ireland, or within a Quarter of a Mile from the Boundary thereof, cause any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage, or any Public or Hackney Car or Carriage, to stand in any public Road or Street longer than may be reasonable or necessary for loading or unloading, or for taking up or setting dfcwn Passengers, (except any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage lawfully standing in any Place customarily used for such Purpose in any public Market or Fair, and except any Public or Hackney Car or Carriage standing for Hire in any Place which shall be fixed as a Standing for that Purpose in manner aforesaid,) shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twrenty Shillings.

XVIII. The Decision and Regulation of certain Matters relating to Weights and Measures shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Such Head or other Constables in each Petty Sessions District as shall be selected by the County Inspector of Constabulary, with the Approval of the Justices for that Purpose, shall henceforth be ex officio Inspectors of Weights and Measures within such District, and shall possess and exercise all the Powers and Authorities,

except

1851.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland).

Cap. 92.

685

Weights and Measures.

except the Power of adjusting and stamping with the County Stamp, and be subject to the like Penalties for _______

any Neglects or Offences in the Discharge of such Duties, which any Inspector of Weights and Measures may possess or exercise, or be liable to, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, and shall perform such Duties, under the Direction of the Justices at Petty Sessions, without Fee or Reward, and notwithstanding any manorial Jurisdiction or Claim of Jurisdiction within such District:

2. It shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County from Grand Jury Time to Time to procure as many Copies, in Iron or other sub-Staniud sufficient Material, of the County Copies of the Imperial weights and Weights and Measures, as they shall see fit, and to direct Measures; that the same shall be duly stamped by such Sub-Inspector as the said Grand Jury shall appoint for that Purpose, with the Approval of the said Inspector General; and the said Copies shall be called the County Sub-Standard Weights and Measures, and shall be deposited in the Custody of the said Head or other Constables so as to enable them the more easily to discharge^the Duties of Inspectors of Weights and Measures; and shall at least once in every Year, and also at any other Times when required by the County Inspector of Constabulary of the County or by the Justices at Petty Sessions, be compared with and corrected by the said County Standard Weights and Measures, by the said Sub-Inspector of Constabulary so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall adjust the same, and also affix the County Stamp thereto; and such Copies so adjusted and stamped shall, until the next Comparison of the same, to be made in manner aforesaid, be considered to all Intents the same as the said County Standard Weights and Measures, for all Purposes of Comparison and Verification, and for all other Purposes for which such County Standard Weights and Measures are required under the Provisions of the said recited Act, by any Inspector of Weights and Measures; and it shall be lawful for the said Grand Jury to present and pro-the Amount of such Expenses as shall be incurred either 56111 ExPenae* in the procuring or Transmission of such Copies of the Weights and Measures, and also of such reasonable and necessary Expenses as shall be incurred by any such Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, in carrying these Provisions into effect; and such Sums so presented shall be levied off the County in like Manner as any other Sums presented by such Grand Jury; and any Person who shall use the said Copies for any other Purpose shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence:

And

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Punishment for false Weights and Measures.

Impounding

Distrtua.

Establishment of Pounds.

Grand Jury may present Expense of erecting or repairing Pounds.

Justices to appoint Keeper of County Pounds,

No Persons to act os Pound Keepers unless when licensed by the Justices.

And any Person who shall use any Weight or Measure, other than those authorized by the said recited Act, for the Sale of any Article, shall on Conviction thereof be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, and, in default of Payment thereof, to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Two Months; and any Contract, Bargain, or Sale by any fraudulent Weights or Measures so used shall be void; and every such light or unjust Weight or Measure so used shall, on being discovered by any such Head or other Constable as aforesaid, be seized by him, and upon the Conviction of the Person so using or possessing the same shall be forfeited, and forthwith destroyed.

XIX. The Decision and Regulation of certain Matters relating to the Establishment and Use of Pounds for the impounding of Distresses, or of Animals found trespassing, wandering, or straying, shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. It shall be lawful for the Justices of each Petty Sessions

District, whenever there shall be no Pound or an insufficient Number of Pounds established therein, to authorize the Establishment of such Pound or Pounds in such Place or Places in such District (not being within any Manor in which a Manor Pound shall have been already established) as they shall think necessary; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County, upon the Requisition of any Three or more of such Justices, to present such Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as they shall think fit, (to be levied off the County in like Manner as any other Sums presented by the Grand Jury,) for the Erection, Part Erection, or Repair of any Pouhd, upon such Condition as they shall fix as to the Keeper of such Pound paying to the Treasurer of the County, for the Use of the County, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as an annual Rent for the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices from Time to Time to appoint some fit Person to be the Keeper, during their Pleasure, of any Pound upon which any Sum so presented shall have been expended:

2. It shall not be lawful for any Person to act as the Keeper

of any Pound, now or hereafter to be established, (except of a Manor Pound,) unless he shall be authorized so to act by the Justices of the Petty Sessions District in which such Pound shall be situated, by Licence in Writing signed by any Two or more of them, and which Licence such Justices are hereby authorized to give, and also from Time to Time to withdraw in case of the Neglect or Misconduct of such Person: Provided always, that every Pound so to be licensed shall be of such Area as the said Justices shall think fit, and that the Walls thereof shall be at least Seven Feet high, and securely built, either of Stones or Bricks, or of such other Material as the said Justices shall think sufficiently substantial:

3. Any

1851.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 687

3. Any Person so licensed shall, before acting as such Pound Pound Keeper

Keeper, enter into Recognizance (in like Form and Renter into Manner as any Clerk of Petty Sessions is required to do ecosnizance* under the said Petty Sessions Act), himself in such Sum not less than Ten Pounds, with Two Sureties in such Sum not lees than Five Pounds each, as the Justices shall fix, conditioned for the due Discharge of his Duties as Pound Keeper under this Act, and shall from Time to Time renew the same when required by such Justices:

4. Every Pound Keeper shall be entitled to receive from Pound Fees to

the Person by whom any Animal shall be impounded in be as follows, such Pound, or from the Owner when such Animal shall be delivered up to such Owner by proper Authority, the following Pound Fees:

For any One Horse, Mare, Mule, or Homed Beast, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours: - - 6d.

And for any greater Number of same, for same Period, each - - 3d.

And if impounded for longer than Seventy-two Hours, One Half or the above Sums for every additional Seventy-two Hours;

For any One Sheep, Calf, Lamb, Goat, or Pig, for any Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours - - - 2d.

And for any greater Number of same, for the same Period, each - 1 cL

And if impounded for longer than Seventy-two Hours, One Half of the above Sums for every additional Seventy-two Hours:

He shall also be entitled to demand and receive from the Rates of Suste-like Owner or Person, as the Case may be, such Sum nance to be fixed for the Sustenance of any such Animals, for the Time by U8tices' during which they shall be so impounded, as the said Justices shall fix as the proper Rates of Sustenance for Animals impounded in such Pound, and which they are hereby required to do by Writing under their Hands:

5. The Pound Keeper shall post, and continue posted, in a Tables of Fees

conspicuous Place on or close to his Pound, a Table of and Rates to be the Scale of the Pound Fees authorized by this Act, pos and also a Table of the Rates which shall be so fixed by the Justices for the Sustenance of Animals impounded therein:

6. No Animals (except in Ca^es of Distresses for Rent) shall No Animals to

be impounded in any other Place than in the nearest Pound of the County so licensed (or in the Pound of than"! licensed the Manor), unless where any Assault shall be threatened Pound or or made upon the Person impounding or proceeding to ^cc°tin°Ca^s impound any Animal, or where any Rescue of such of Emergent Animal shall be attempted or threatened, and the impounding

A

Impounding

Distresses.

Notice of impounding to Owner, &c.

Public Notice of impounding v straying Animals to be giren by Pound Keeper and Constabulary.

When Owner of Animal is not known, it may be sold.

Notice of Sale to be posted.

How Produce of Sale to be applied.

B>unding in any other Place shall be necessary for the etention of such Animal, or the Safety of such Person:

7. Whenever any Animal shall be impounded in any Pound the Person by whom such Animal shall be impounded shall at the Time give Notice to the Pound Keeper, and also to the Owner of such Animal (when known), specifying the Parish and Townland in which such Animal shall have been seized, and the Reasons for impounding the same, and when given to the Owner, he shall specify the Pound in which such Animal shall have been impounded:

8. And whenever any Animal found wandering or straying shall be impounded in any Pound, the Pound Keeper shall immediately give a Notice to the Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, of the nearest Constabulary Station, describing such Animal, and stating the Parish and Townland where such Animal shall have been seized (unless where such Animal shall have been impounded by any Member of the Constabulary Force), and such Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, shall post such Notice (or a like Notice when the Animal shall have been impounded by any Member of the Constabulary Force), and keep the same posted at such Station until such Animal shall be claimed or otherwise disposed of according to Law*; and whenever the Owner of such Animal cannot be discovered, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Petty Sessions District, upon being satisfied that all possible Means have been adopted for the Discovery of the Owner, and that he cannot be discovered, to direct that the same shall be sold by the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary of the District in like Manner as any Animal may be sold under any Warrant of Distress (due Notice of such Sale, and of the Parish and Townland where such Animal shall have been seized, having been previously posted by such Sub-Inspector at the Constabulary Station, and also in some conspicuous Place in the Parish where such Animal shall have been seized, and also at the Place where impounded, Forty-eight Hours at the least before the Time of Sale); and the Proceeds of such Sale, after paying to the Keeper of the Pound the Amount due to him for Pound Fees, and for the Rates of Sustenance of such Animal, shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the County, to the Credit of the County, in any Case when the Grand Jury of such County shall have presented any Sum for the Erection of any Pound therein, but when no Sum shall have been so presented such surplus Proceeds shall be applied in like Manner as any Penal Sums payable to the Crown, or, with the Consent of the Chief or Under Secretary to

1851.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland).

Cap. 92.

689

Impounding Distresses. 9

the Lord Lieutenant, may be applied by the said J us-tices in the Erection or Repair of any Pounds within the # Petty Sessions District.

And any Person who shall be guilty of any of the next fol- Punishment lowing Neglects or Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified: SovSons:

9. Any Pound Keeper who shall act as such without being Pound Keepers duly authorized by the Justices, and without having duly without entered into a Recognizance in manner aforesaid, or who before entering shall neglect to keep such Pound clean and well sup- into Recogni-plied with wholesome Water, and in such a secure and or not wholesome State as shall insure the due forthcoming and cSn^f c., Health of the Animals impounded, or who shall demand demanding or receive any Sum for the Keeping or Sustenance of more than J?1 any Animals in such Pound greater than the Sums fixed by this Act or by the Justices as aforesaid, as the Case or give Notices, may be, or who shall neglect to feed any Animal im- or liberating pounded in such Pound, or who shall omit to post in a conspicuous Place any such Table or Notice, or to give any such Notice, as is directed by this Act, or who shall without due Authority liberate or permit to be liberated from such Pound any Animal impounded therein, or who shall refuse or neglect, when required by the Justices, to give up to them any Pound built in the whole or in part at the Expense of the County, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds:

10. Any Person who shall rescue or attempt to rescue any Persons resou-

Animal out of any such Pound or out of any other Place Distresses, in which any Animal shall be impounded for greater p0Sld*or Safety, under the Circumstances herein-before men- liberating tioned, or who shall break down or injure any such Distresses: Pound or Place, or do any Act by means of which any Animal impounded therein shall escape or be unlawfully liberated therefrom, shall be liable to pay the Amount of the Injury done, and also a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds; but in every Case of the Commission of any But such such Offence in rescuing or attempting to rescue any Offences may Distress, or in breaking or injuring any Pound, the Justices shall, if they shall so think fit, abstain from adjudi- 7 eating summarily thereon, and deal with the same as a Case to be tried by Indictment at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions:

11. Any Person who shall impound any Animal (except in Any Person

Cases of Distresses for Rent) in any other Place than in a Manor Pound, or in such Pound as shall be licensed *n jice^j under the Provisions of this Act (except under the Pound, or Circumstances herein-before mentioned), or who shall omitting to omit to give such Notice to the Pound Keeper or to hn^UIJdh ^, the Owner of any Animal impounded as is required by or injur log this Act, or who shall wilfully damage or injure any Distresses: Animal while driving or conveying the same to

any

Xx

Found,

gle

690

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Impounding

Distresses.

But no Interference with Establishment, &c. of Manor Pounds.

Trespass of Animals.

No impounding when Owner of

Anfmalg J

known; .but Occupier of Land to delirer up Animals - found trespassing to thsir Owner, and shall then be entitled to the following Rates of Trespass.

But when Owner of Animal is not known it may be impounded.

Pound, shall be liable to a Pine not exceeding Five Pounds:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall interfere with the Bight of any Lord of a Manor to establish or continue any Manorial Pound for the impounding of Distresses made in such Manor which he is now by Law entitled to establish or continue, or to appoint from Time to Time any Person to be Keeper of such Pound; but the Regulation of such Pound, and the Duties of such Pound Keeper, shall in all other respects be subject to the Provisions of this Act, in like Manner and to the like Extent as any Pound established or any Pound Keeper licensed by the Justices at Petty Sessions in manner aforesaid.

XX. The Decision and Regulation of certain Matters relating to the Trespass of Animals shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. It shall not hereafter be lawful to impound any Animal

found trespassing upon any Land when the Owner of such Animal shall be known, but the Occupier of such Land or the Person by whom such Animal shall be found trespassing shall either deliver up such Animal to the Owner, or to his Steward, Herdsman, Caretaker, or other Servant, or he shall show such Animal in the Act of trespassing to such Owner, Steward, Herdsman, Caretaker, or other Servant, and allow such Animal to be taken away by him; and the Owner of such Animal shall thereupon be liable to pay to the Occupier of such Land the Rate of Trespass fixed by the following Scale for according to such Scale as the Justices at Quarter Sessions shall from Time to Time fix, and which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall see fit):

Where the Trespass shall be on any Common Pasture Land, or on any arable uncropped Land, the Rate shall be:

For every Horse, Mare, Pony, Mule, Ass, *. &

Bull, Cow, Bullock, Heifer, or Pig - 0 6

For every Calf, Sheep, or Lamb - 0 2

For every Goose - -01

For every other Fowl - - 0

For every Goat - - 3 0

And where the Trespass shall be upon any Fattening Pasture or Meadow Land, or upon any Land cropped with Corn, Peas, Flax, Vetches, Turnips, Rape, Potatoes, Green Crop, or other cultivated Vegetable, or by any Goat in a Plantation, the Rates shall be double the Amount of the preceding Rates:

2. But when the Owner of any such Animal shall not be

known, it shall be lawful for the Occupier of such Land, or for his Servant, or for any other Person on his Behalf, to impound such Animal in the nearest Pound of the County, (or in the Pound^of the Manor,) spedfj-

mg

1.

m

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Caip. 92.

ing in the Notice which he is required to give to such Tmptm of Pound Keeper (under the Provisions herein-before con- Animals. tained relating to the impounding of Animals) the Nature of the Land or Crop in which such Animal shall have been found trespassing; and such Pound Keeper Pound Keeper shall afterwards deliver up such Animal to the Owner, up if known, or to any Person on his Behalf, either upon owner1 on being so authorized in Writing by any Justice, or upon Authority of being paid by such Owner or Person the Amount legally Justice, on due for Pound Fees and Rates of Sustenance, and also the Amount due under the above Scale of Rates, for a Trespass on any Land or Crop of the Nature specified in such Notice; and such Pound Keeper shall there- Pound Keeper upon pay over the Amount of such Rate of Trespass to w^xrw the Person by whom such Animal shall have been im- except in pounded, unless when required by any Justice, or by certain Cases, such Occupier by Notice in Writing, to hold over the same until any Dispute as to the same shall have been decided at Petty Sessions:

3. Whenever either the Occupier of such Land or the Owner When Parties of such Animal shall not be satisfied with the Amount of such Rates (whether paid at the Time or not), it Te*tigatetbe shall be lawful for the Justices at Petty Sessions, upon Case and award Complaint of such Occupier or Owner, to investigate ^eACTMtuJ the Case, and to make such Award against either Party Damage proved as shall seem just, under all the Circumstances; and the or not), unless Principle upon which they shall make such Award shall be, that the Owner of such Animal shall be deemed occupier of the liable to pay to such Occupier the above Rate for a Land:

First Trespass, and double the above Bate for a Second First Trespass, Trespass, and treble the above Rate for a Third or sub- Secon^(JVe" sequent Trespass, (whether any actual Damage shall paM' have been done or not,) unless they shall be satisfied that such Trespass was caused by any neglectful Conduct on the Part of such Occupier, or that there are any other justifying Circumstances, in which Case they may declare him to be entitled either to no Rates or to a Part only of the Rates; and in any Case where any But in case of actual Damage shall have been done by such Trespass, it shall be lawful for the Justices to award a like Pay- c^pmLtion. ment of such further Sum as, together with any Rates awarded, shall be equal to the value of such Damage as shall be proved to their Satisfaction to have been actually caused by such Trespass; and in making any Justices may such Award the Justices shall allow Credit to the Owner of such Animal, for the Amount of any Rate of ISmdingrfany Trespass paid by him at the Time, or where they shall Rates already award either no Rates or a lesser Amount than any Sum so paid at the Time, they may order that the whole to c or a Part of such Sum, as the Case may be, shall be refunded to such Owner:

C

692 Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Justices may order Repair of Fences by Person who ought to repair the same.

Punishment for Offences against these Provisions: Impounding, when Owner is known, or without lodging proper Notice. Pound Keeper neglecting to liberate Animals, or to pay over Amount received.

Justices may adopt such Means of Proof as they shall see fit.

4. Whenever it shall appear, in any Case in which any Complaint of Trespass shall be so made, that the Trespass shall have been caused by the bad or imperfect State or Destruction of any Fences, it shall be lawful for the Justices at Petty Sessions by Order in Writing to direct that the Occupier of the Land to which such Fences shall belong shall repair the same when wholly on his Land, or join in repairing the same when partly on his Land, within such reasonable Time as they shall fix for that Purpose; and in default of his so doing within such Time, it shall be lawful for such Justices, by a like Order in Writing, to authorize such Fences to be repaired by the Person who shall have been aggrieved by any such Trespass, who may thereupon enter and repair the same; and afterwards, upon Proof of the Expenses incurred by such Person in making such Repairs beyond what he may be himself bound to expend in case of Fences common to both Parties, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order that the same shall be paid (to any Amount not exceeding Two Shillings per Perch) by such Occupier, unless it shall be shown that the Person under whom such Occupier shall hold is bound by any Lease or Agreement to keep such Fences in repair, in which Case such Amount shall be paid by such Person; and in default of such Payment it shall be lawful for such Justices to order that such Amount shall be levied by Distress of the Goods of such Occupier or Person, as the Case may be, and paid over to the Person by whom such Repairs shall have been made.

And any Person who shall be guilty of any of the next following Neglects or Offences shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds:

5. Any Person who shall impound any Animal found trespass-

ing, where the Owner of such Animal shall be known to him, or who shall impound any Animal without giving to the Pound Keeper the Notice required by this Act:

6. Any Pound Keeper who shall neglect or refuse to deliver

up any Animal so impounded to the Owner, when authorized in Writing by any Justice so to do, or upon such Owner paying to him the Amount of the Pound Fees and Rates of Sustenance legally due and the Amount legally due for the Trespass, or who shall neglect (except when any Justice shall authorize him to hold over the same until the Decision of any Dispute as to the same at Petty Sessions) to pay over to the Person entitled to receive the same the Amount which shall be paid to him for the Trespass upon the Liberation of any such Animal: Provided always, that in all such Proceedings under this Act it shall be lawful for the Justices to adopt such Means as they shall see fit, either by the Employment of a Valuator or Arbitrators or otherwise, for the Purpose of informing themselves as

to

1851. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 92. 693

to the Amount of any Damage done, or as to any other Circumstances proper to be inquired into on the Spot, or as to any other Facts of the Case upon which they shall be required to decide; and they may (if they shall think it necessary) order the Parties or either of the Parties to pay to any Person so employed such reasonable Sum as they shall fix, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence per Day, as Remuneration for his Trouble.

XXI. Where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence Genmi against this Act, and it shall be a First Conviction, it shall be lawful for the Justices, if they shall so think fit, to discharge the The Justice* Offender from his Conviction, upon his making such Satisfaction m*y discharge to the Party aggrieved, for Damages and Costs or either of them, as shall be ascertained by the Justices.

XXII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Pardon for Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to extend the Royal Nonpayment Mercy to any Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act, although of Moiwy' he shall be imprisoned for Nonpayment of Money to some Party other than the Crown.

XXIII. In any Case where an Order shall be made under In vrbat Cases the Provisions of this Act for the Payment of any penal or other Appeals shall Sum exceeding Twenty Shillings, or for any Term of Imprison- p*rmitte ment exceeding One Month, or for doing anything at a greater

Expense than Twenty Shillings, (but in no other Case,) either Party, (whether he shall be the Complainant or Defendant,) in Cases of a Civil Nature, or the Person against whom any such Order shall have been made in other Cases, shall be entitled to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions to be held in the same Division to *>e made to of the County when the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in any Petty Sessions District, or to the Recorder Division, or to at his next Sessions when the Order shall be made by the said Recorder* next Divisional Justices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, on8, or to the Recorder of any Corporate or Borough Town when the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in such Corporate or Borough Town (unless when any such Sessions shall commence within Seven Days from the Date of any such Order, in which Case, if the Appellant sees fit, the Appeal may be made to the next succeeding Sessions to be held for such Division or Town); and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sea-Quarter Sessions or Recorder, as the Case may be, to decide such Appeal, if made in such Form and Manner and with such Notices as are required by the said Petty Sessions Act as to Appeals against Orders made by Justices at Petty Sessions; and all the Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Act as to making Appeals, th* petty ges-and as to executing the Orders made on Appeal or the original ions Act as to Orders where the Appeals shall not be duly prosecuted, shall also £°rm» Noticts» apply to any Appeal or like Order to be made under the Provisions of this Act.

XXIV. No Order made under the Provisions of this Act, No Order or

nor any Adjudication made on Appeal therefrom, shall be quashed A^udi^on for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise pe^shallbT into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record. quashed for

Xx3 XXV., IliV. of Form.

x

Interpretation

Clause.

Repeal of certain Acts.

10 C. 1. c. 25. 37 G. 3. c. 27. 40 G. 3. c. 71. 5 G. 4. c. 43.

7 G. 4. C. 42.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 102.

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

XXV. In the Interpretation of this Act, save where there is anything in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " County" shall be deemed to include " County of a City" or "County of a Town;" the Word " Justice shall mean "Justice of the Peace," and shall include a "Divisional Justice " of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or " Chief Magistrate " of any Corporate Town; the Word " County Surveyor " shall include and mean any District Surveyor in the County of Dublin; the Word "Petty Sessions" shall include a " Divisional Police Office " of Dublin Metropolis; the Word " Gaol" shall include any " House of Correction " or " Bridewell " of the County to which any Person may be legally committed by any Justice; the Word "Oath" shall include " Affirmation " or " solemn Declaration," as the Case maybe; the Word "Month" shall mean " Calendar Month;" the Word "Road" shall include "Highway" or other public Thoroughfare, and " Street " shall include any Lane or Passage in any Town; and the Word " Horse " shall include any other Animal of any kind commonly used or employed in drawing any kind of Carriage.

XXVI. From and after the Commencement of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Acts herein-after mentioned shall be and the same are hereby repealed, together with all other Acts and Parts of Acts inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, except as to any Offence committed before the passing of this Act, or any Proceedings now pending to which the same or any of them are applicable; that is to say,

An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, Chapter Twenty-five, intituled An Act for impounding of Distresses *

An Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-seven, relating to the Trespass of Animals:

An Act passed in the Fortieth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Seventy-one, relating to the Trespass of Animals:

An Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign (f King Charles the First, for impounding of Distresses in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-two, relating to the Trespass of Animals:

An Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise summary Jurisdiction in Ireland:

But the Repeal of the last-mentioned Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter

Summarij Jurisdiction (Ireland).

Cap. 92;

695

Chapter One hundred and two, shall not be deemed to revive any of the Acts or Parts of Acts repealed thereby; that is to say.

An Act to prevent the throwing or firing of Squibs, Serpents, 5G. 2. c. 12.

and other Fireworks:

So much of an Act ^passed in the Eleventh Year of King nG.s. c. 7.i.i« George the Third, intituled An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violence to the Persons or Properties of His Majesty's Subjectsr, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

An Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of 27 G. s. c. 5s. King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing the wilful Destruction of Turnpike Gates, and for the better securing the Payment of Tolls at such Gates:

So much of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the 49G.s. c. 84. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for *8a emending the Irish Road Acts, as relates to the Mode in which Carriages and Persons shall pass each other on any public Road:

An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King 50 G. 3.C. 32. George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto:

An Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the 54G.s.o.Uf. Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland, and to make other Provisions for Recovery of such Wages:

An Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the 58 G.s. c. 82. Third, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King 4 G. 4.©. $4. George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enlarge the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, and between Masters, Apprentices, Artificers, and others, so far as relates to Ireland:

So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George 9 G. 4. c. 55. the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and consolidating the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George 9 G. 4. c. 56. the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating the Laws in Ireland relative to malicious Injuries to Property, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

So much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King George io G. 4. c. 94." the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending

Go*le

696

4&SW.4, c. 50.

6&7 W. 4. c. 116.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106.

11 & 12 Vict c. 28.

i

11 & 12 Vict c. 59.

7 & 8 Vict c. 8.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 15.

12 & 13 Vict.

c. 30.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act to extend to Ireland only.

Short Title of Act

Cap. 92. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the Person, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

An Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for amending the Irish Road Acts:

So much of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland, as relates to the summary Jurisdiction of Justices as to any of the Offences upon or relating to public Roads hereinbefore mentioned:

So much of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reigp of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin, as relates to the summary Jurisdiction of Justices as to any of the Offences upon or relating to public Roads herein-before mentioned: So much of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts, and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns, in certain Cases, as relates to the Recovery of the Possession of small Tenements:

An Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Recovery by summary Process of small Sums due to the Teachers of Schools in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Sheep and more speedy Detection of Receivers of stolen Sheep t in Ireland.

XXVII. This Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of November in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XXVIII. This Act shall extend and be construed to extend to Ireland only.

XXIX. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, or in any legal Instrument or Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851."

1851.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

697

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the

Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and ' the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions,

in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

I. The several Petty Sessions Districts into which any County or Riding of a County in Ireland is now divided, and the Places and Times at which Petty Sessions are now appointed to be held therein, shall, until altered in the Manner hereinafter provided, be the several Districts, Places, and Times in such County or Riding for the Purposes of this Act; but whenever it shall appear to the Justices at Quarter Sessions that any of the said Districts, Places, and Times now fixed (or which shall hereafter be fixed) in any County or Riding require Alteration, or whenever they shall be called upon so to do either by the Lord Lieutenant or by a Requisition signed by any Seven or more of the Justices of any County or Riding, they shall proceed at the next Quarter Sessions which shall be held for such County or Riding, or at any Adjournment of the same for that Purpose, to revise the said Districts, Places, and Times, subject to the following Provisions:

1. They shall divide such County or Riding into convenient

Petty Sessions Districts for the Purposes of this Act, and shall declare the several Parishes or Townlands of which each of such District^ shall consist; and in so doing it shall be lawful for them, with the Concurrence of the Justices of any adjoining County assembled at any like Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment of the same, to include in any of such Districts any Townlands of such adjoining County, where it shall be conducive to the Public Convenience, and where no Part of such Townlands shall be at a greater Distance than Seven Miles from the Place where Petty Sessions shall be held for the District to which same shall be annexed:

2. They shall also fix some One convenient Place within each District at which Petty Sessions shall be held for the same:

3. They shall also fix the Times when Petty Sessions shall be regularly held in each District; but it shall be lawful for the Justices of each District afterwards to fix the

particular

Formation of Petty Sessions Districts.

Existing Districts, &c. to be confirmed where they do not require Alteration; but where th ey do. Justices at Quarter Sessions may revise them, proceeding as follows:

To divide the County into Petty Sessions Districts:

Parts of an adjoining County may be included:

To fix Place for holding Petty Sessions i

To fix Frequency of holding Petty Sessions:

The Clerk of the Peace to enter all Particulars of any Alterations in the Crown Book, and transmit Copy to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Appointment of Clerk.

Districts being formed, Justices to appoint a Clerk.

Clerk to give Security by Recognizance.

The Clerk to be entitled to certain Fees.

Scale of Fees:

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

particular Days in each Week upon which such Petty Sessions shall be held:

And whenever any of the said Districts, Places, and Times shall have been so fixed or altered, the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith enter all Particulars as to the same in the Crown Book, and shall transmit a certified Copy of such Entries to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be laid before such Grand Jury at the then next ensuing Assizes, (and in the County of Dublin at the then next ensuing Presentment Term,) and the same shall printed with the Presentments: Provided always, that when it shall appear to such Justices at Quarter Sessions that such Alteration is required, or whenever a Requisition for the Consideration of an Alteration shall be received from the Lord Lieutenant, or from Seven or more Justices as aforesaid* the Clerk of the Peace of the County shall transmit a Notice in Writing of the intended Consideration of such Alteration to every Justice of the County or Riding, as the Case may be, and such Notice, stating the Time and Place appointed for the Consideration of such Alteration, shall be transmitted at least One Month before the Time so appointed.

II. It shall be lawful for the Justices of each Petty Sessions upon the passing of this Act, or whenever afterwards any Vacancy shall occur by reason of the Death, Resignation, or Dismissal of any Clerk, to appoint some One fit Person to act as Clerk of such Petty Sessions; but previous to entering upon the Duties of the said Office the said Clerk shall enter into a Recognizance (Form C.) before some Justice of the County, conditional for the due Discharge of the several Duties required of him under the Provisions of this Act, with One or more Sureties, and in such Amount as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct.

III. The said Clerk of Petty Sessions shall be entitled to demand and receive, from the Persons at whose Instance the several Proceedings by or before any Justice or Justices shall be taken, the following Fees in respect to the same: s. d.

Drawing each Information, Deposition, or solemn Declaration (not being a Declaration as to the Loss of Pawnbrokers Duplicates, or as to the Admission of Paupers into Poorhouses,) - - 1 0

Copy of any written Information or Complaint in

Summary Proceedings - - 0 6

Drawing any Notice required by Law in Proceedings by or before Justices (when required by the Party) 0 6 Summons, and Copy - 0 6

Warrant (except in any Case of a Committal for an Offence in which the Justices may see fit to remit the Fee) 0 6 Entry of each Order - - 0 6

Certificate of Order - - 1 0

Recognizance (when required by the Party or by the Justices to prepare the same, and when not at foot of a Deposition or Information,) - 1 0

Appeal (including the Recognizance to prosecute) -20

Bat

1851.

699

Petty Sessions (Ireland). Cap. 93.

But the Clerk shall not be entitled to demand or receive a greater Amount of Fees for any Set of Informations, or for any Set of Summonses, or for may Set of any other Documents of the same kind in the same Case than Two Shillings in the whole for each Set, unless the Justices shall specially authorize a greater Amount, but not in any Case exceeding the above Fees; nor shall he be entitled to demand or receive any of such Fees in any Case in which the Justices shall see fit to remit the same; nor shall he be entitled to receive any of such Fees in any Case of an Offence prosecuted by the Constabulary, or by any public Officer on behalf of the Crown, unless where Costs shall be awarded to the Prosecutor and recovered by him, in which Case such Clerk shall be entitled to demand and receive from such Prosecutor the legal Fees to an Amount not exceeding the Amount of such Costs; and the said Clerk shall keep an Account of all Fees received by him under this Act in such Form and Manner as the Justices shall direct; and in case the said Fees shall amount to a greater Sum than the Justices shall deem an adequate Remuneration for such Clerk they may appropriate the Surplus to the Payment of Postage or to the Purchase of Stationery or other Court Requisites for their Use at Petty Sessions; and a printed List of Fees which the Clerk shall be entitled to receive under this Act shall be posted in a conspicuous Part of the Court House or Place in which the Petty Sessions shall be held in such Manner as the Justices shall direct

IV. The said Clerk shall hold the said Office of Clerk of Petty Sessions subject to the following Provisions:

1. He shall not, during the Time that he shall hold such

Office, practise as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Case either at such Petty Sessions or at the Quarter Sessions of the Division of the County in which such Petty Sessions shall be situated, nor shall he act as the Clerk of any Attorney or Solicitor so practising, or as the Clerk of a Poor Law Union, or as a Collector of any Public Tax, or as a Pound Keeper, or as the Keeper or Partner in keeping any Inn or Public House, nor shall he engage in any other Business or Occupation which shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant or to the Justices to be inconsistent with his Duties as Petty Sessions Clerk; or if he shall so act or engage he shall ipso facto cease to hold such Office of Petty Sessions Clerk, and shall also be liable to the Penalties herein-after provided:

2. He shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Justices of the District:

3. He shall be subject to be dismissed by the Lord Lieute-

nant for Neglect, Misconduct, or Incompetency in the Discharge of his Duties as Petty Sessions Clerk:

And the said Clerk shall perform the Duties of his Office in Person, and not by Deputy, except in case of his Sickness, unavoidable Absence, or other Emergency, when the Justices at Petty Sessions may appoint some other Person to act as Clerk

But not to ex* ceed a certain Amount,

and not to be payable in certain Cases,

nor in Cases prosecuted by Crown or Con* sta biliary when no Costs are recovered.

Clerk to keep an Account of Fees.

Justices may apply Surplus to Court Requisites.

List of Fees to be posted in Court House.

Clerk to hold subject to the following Provisions:

To follow no Occupation inconsistent with his Duties, and to forfeit his Office if he engages in certain Employments:

To hold his Office at the Pleasure of the Justices, and may be dismissed by Lord Lieutenant:

Substitute may be appointed.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Duties of Clerk of Petty Sessions:

To make Minutes of Proceedings and Entries in Books:

To hare Custody of Books:

To prepare all Forms, &c .:

To copy in a Book all Orders, Circulars, and Opinions of Law Officers of the Crown, &c .:

To enter Cases in consecutive Order:

To enter and account for all Fines, &c. under Fines Act:

To make Returns, and to observe general Regulations:

at such Petty Sessions for the Time being, who shall, if required by the Justices, enter into Security in like Manner as hereinbefore provided as to any Clerk.

V. The Clerk of Petty Sessions shall perform the following Duties:

1. He shall make, when required by any of the Justices, a

Minute of all special Proceedings, taken either in or out of Petty Sessions, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, to be called the " Minute Book," and shall also make such Entries in the " Order Book" (Form D.) hereinafter mentioned, as the Justices shall direct:

2. He shall also have the Care and Custody of such Books,

subject to their being kept at the Court House or Place where the Petty Sessions shall be held, or otherwise as the Justices shall direct, and also subject to their being at all Times open to the Inspection of the Justices and of any other Person or Persons whom the Lord Lieutenant may at any Time appoint to examine the same:

3. Heshall also prepare, under the Directions of the Justices,

all Informations, Summonses, Examinations, Warrants, Recognizances, and other documentary Forms of Proceeding:

4. He shall retain, or (if so directed by the Justices) shall copy

or cause to be copied into a Book to be kept for the Purpose, all Orders or Circulars, or Opinions of the Law Officers or Advisers of the Crown, addressed or transmitted to the Justices, and shall also make Copies of all Informations, Depositions, or Examinations, when so directed by the Justices, and shall also retain Copies of all Abstracts or Schedules of Documents transmitted to the Clerks of the Crown and Peace as herein-after provided: He shall enter all Cases in the Order in which the Summonses shall be issued at Petty Sessions, or if issued out of Petty Sessions then in the Order in which the Application shall be made to him by the Complainant or his Agent to enter the same:

He shall enter a true Account of all Sums paid into Court under any Orders of the Justices, and of all Warrants issued for the Execution of any such Orders, and of all Sums levied under the same, and paid over to him, (whether the said Sums shall be in the Nature of Penalties for Offences, or Sums awarded in Cases of a Civil Nature), and shall otherwise account and act as to the same as required by the Provisions of "The Fines Act, Ireland, 1851," as to any Penal Sums:

7. He shall also make such Returns of the Proceedings at Petty Sessions as the Chief or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant shall from Time to Time require, and shall observe such general Regulations in respect to the Discharge of his several Duties as the Lord Lieutenant shall from Time to Time prescribe:

And

5.

6.

1851. Petty Sessions (Ireland). Cap. 93.

And when required by the Clerks of the Crown or Peace, as the Case may be, the Clerk of Petty Sessions shall attend the Assizes or Quarter Sessions to which any Informations, Examinations, or Recognizances shall be returned by him, or to which any Informations, Examinations, or Recognizances prepared by him shall be returned, and as to which any Complaint shall have been made against him for Neglect, to answer such Inquiries respecting the same as shall be made by the Court; and in case it shall appear that such Clerk shall have committed any wilful Default or Neglect in preparing or in transmitting the same, or shall have improperly divulged the Contents of such Informations or Examinations, it shall be lawful for the Judge of Assize or for the Justices at Quarter Sessions, as the Case may be, for every such Offence to impose a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds on the said Clerk, and in default of Payment of the same to commit him to Gaol for any Term not exceeding Three Months.

YL Whenever a Vacancy shall occur by reason of the Death, Resignation, Suspension, or Dismissal of any Clerk of Petty Sessions, the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary, or the Head Constable of the District, or such other Person as the Justices shall authorize, shall take charge of all Books, Papers, and other Effects belonging to the said Petty Sessions, and shall retain them in his Care and Custody until a Successor shall be appointed to such Clerk; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, upon being satisfied upon Oath that any such Books, Papers, or other Effects as aforesaid are or are suspected to be in the Possession of any Person who shall refuse to deliver up the same to such Sub-Inspector, Head Constable, or other Person so authorized, to issue a Warrant to any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, to search the House of such Person for the same, and to seize and detain the same, if discovered therein; and such Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, so authorized by any such Warrant, may, upon the Refusal of such Person to open his Door for that Purpose, break it open.

VII. The Powers of Justices and others to act in and for different Localities shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. A Justice for any County may act as such in all Matters

arising within such County, although he may at the Time happen to be in an adjoining County, provided he shall be also a Justice for such adjoining County:

2. A Justice for any County may in like Manner act as such

in all Matters arising within such County, although he may at the Time happen to be in any City, Town, or Place, being a County of itself, situated within or adjoining to such first-mentioned County, whether he shall be a Justice of such City, Town, or Place, or not; but nothing herein contained shall extend to empower any Justice for any County, not being also Justice for any such City, Town, or Place as aforesaid, or any Person

701

Clerk to attend Assizes or Quarter Sessions, if required, to answer any Complaint of Neglect of Duty as to Informations.

On Death, Suspension, or Dismissal of Clerk, Sub-Inspector to take charge of all Books, &c.

Justice may grant Search Warrant for Books, &c. if detained.

Local

Jurisdiction.

Justice may act for One County whilst in another adjoining County, of which he is also Justice; or adjoining County of a City, though not a Justice of same;

but not as to Matters arising in such County of a City, See.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Inspector General of Constabulary may act wherever he may be.

Justices for One County may act for annexed Townlands of another.

acting under him, to act or intermeddle in any Matters arising within any such City, Town, or Place:

3. The Inspector General, or either of the Deputy Inspectors

General of Constabulary, being a Justice of any County, may act in all Matters arising within such County, wherever he may happen to be at the Time:

4. Whenever any Townland belonging to One County shall be included in any Petty Sessions District of the adjoining County under the Provisions of this Act, any Justice having Jurisdiction in such Petty Sessions District shall have the like Jurisdiction in such Townland, although he may not be a Justice of the County to which such Townland belongs; and any Committal to any Gaol or Bridewell of such last-mentioned County, or any other magisterial Act done by any such Justice* in any Case in which the Offence or Cause of Complaint shall have arisen in such Townland, shall have the like Force and Effect as if such Justice was also a Justice of

Constables, Sec. may take Offenders before Justice in adjoining County.

Place of Hearing.

Petty Sessions to be held in Court House.

Where no Court House, Grand Jury may present Rent of Justice Room.

Summary Complaints not to be determined

such last-mentioned County:

And all Constables or other Persons apprehending any Person whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend by virtue of their Office or otherwise in any such County or Place as aforesaid may lawfully convey such Person before any Justice for such County or Place whilst such Justice shall be in such adjoining County or Place as aforesaid, and such Constables or other Persons are hereby authorized and required in all such Cases to act in all things as if such Justice were within the County or Place for which he shall so act.

VIII. The Places where Justices shall sit in the Discharge of their Duties shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever a public Court House shall be maintained by

County Presentment at any Place fixed for the holding of Petty Sessions the Petty Sessions shall be hela therein, if not inconvenient to the Public; but whenever no such public Court House shall be so maintained, or the holding of Petty Sessions therein would be inconvenient to the Public, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County to present an annual Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for the Rent of a public Justice Room in which the Petty Sessions shall be held, and of a Lock-up; provided that such Room shall not be in a House where spirituous or fermented Liquors are sold, or in a Constabulary Barrack, or in any Building maintained in the whole or in part at the public Expense, and that it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the County Presentment Sessions where Application shall be made for such Rent that at least Four Meetings of Justices shall have been held in such Room during the Four Months next preceding such Application:

2. It shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices to hear

and determine any Cases of Summary Jurisdiction out

1851.

Petty Sessions (Ireland), Cap. 93. 703

of Petty Sessions, except Cases of Drunkenness or out of Petty Ses Vagrancy, or Fraud in the Sale of Goods, or Disputes slo"^*xi^|1>ri as to Sales in Fairs or Markets; but it shall be lawful j^t Two Jus_' for Two Justices, if they shall see fit, to hear and deter- tices may act mine out of Petty Sessions any Complaint as to any out Petty Offence when the Offender shall be unable to give Bail n#'°T w^re

0 n o Offender cantor his Appearance at Petty Sessions: not find Bail.

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Justice or Justices acting out of Petty Sessions from making any Order (not being in the Nature of a

Conviction, or of an Adjudication upon a Complaint,) which a

Justice or Justices may be authorized or required by Law to

malrp.

IX. The Right of the Public to have Access to the Place in which Justices shall sit shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. In all Cases of Summary Proceedings the Place in which

any Justice or Justices shall sit to hear and determine any Complaint shall be deemed an open Court, to which the Public generally may have Access, so far as the same can conveniently contain them; and the Parties by and against whom any Complaint or Information shall there be heard shall be admitted to conduct or make their full Answer and Defence thereto respectively, and to have the Witnesses examined and cross-examined by themselves or by Counsel or Attorney on their Behalf:

2. In all Cases of Proceedings for Indictable Offences the

Place in which any Justice or Justices shall sit to take any Examination or Statement relating to any such Offence shall not be deemed an open Court for that Purpose, but it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, in his or their Discretion, to order that no Person (the Counsel or Attorney of any Person then being in such Court as a Prisoner only excepted) shall have Access to or be or remain in such Place without the Consent or Permission of such Justice or Justices, if it appear to him or them that the Ends of Justice will be thereby best answered:

And if any Person shall wilfully insult any Justice or Justices so sitting in any such Court or Place, or shall commit any other Contempt of any such Court, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices by any verbal Order either to direct such Person to be removed from such Court or Place, or to be taken into Custody, and-at any Time before the Rising of such Court by Warrant to commit such Person to Gaol for any Period not exceeding Seven Days, or to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

X. Whenever Information shall be given to any Justice that any Person has committed or is suspected to have committed any Treason, Felony, Misdemeanor, or other Offence, within

Goo$£

Publicity of Proceedings.

Place in which Justices sit to hear Summary Proceedings to be deemed an open Court.

Parties to be allowed to plead by Counsel or Attorney.

Place where Examinations in Proceedings for Indictable Offences are taken not to be deemed an open Court without Consent of Justice.

Power to commit and fine for Contempt of Court.

Information *

and

Complaint*.

Justice may receive Inform*-

tion ox Complaint:

As to Offences within his Jurisdiction:

As to Offences out of his Jurisdiction:

As to Civil Cases:

It may be verbal, and without Oath, T in certain Cases.

It must be in Writing, and on Oath, in certain other Cases.

Binding the Informant to prosecute.

Complaints must be made for Poor Rate, &c. at any Time after the Date of the Warrant; for Wages, &c. within One Year; for

Cap. 93.

Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justice, for which such Person shall be punishable either by Indictment or upon a Summary Conviction; or that any Person has committed or is suspected to have committed any such Crime or Offence elsewhere out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice, either in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Isles of Man* Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, and such Person is residing or being, or is suspected to reside or be, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justice; or that any Person has committed or is suspected to have committed any Crime or Offence whatsoever on the High Seas, or in any Creek, Harbour, Haven, or other Place in which the Admiralty of England or Ireland have or claim to have Jurisdiction, or on Land beyond the Seas, for which an Indictment can be legally preferred in any Place in the United Kingdom of England and Ireland, and such Person is residing or being, or is suspected to reside or be, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justice; or whenever a Complaint shall be made to any Justice as to any other Matter arising within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, upon which he shall have Power to make a Summary Order, it shall be lawful for such Justice to receive such Information or Complaint, and to proceed in respect to the same, subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever it is intended that a Summons only shall issue

to require the Attendance of any Person, the Information or Complaint may be made either with or without Oath, and either in Writing or not, according as the Justice shall see fit:

2. But whenever it is intended that a Warrant shall issue for the Arrest or Committal of any Person, the Information or Complaint shall be in Writing, and on the Oath of the Complainant or of some Person or Persons on his Behalf:

3. Whenever any such Information shall have been taken on

Oath and in Writing that any Person has committed or is suspected to have committed any Indictable Crime or Offence, (or any Offence for which such Person shall be punishable upon Summary Conviction, and for whose Arrest the Justice shall issue a Warrant,) it shall be lawful for the Justice, if he shall see fit, to bind the Informant or Complainant by Recognizance (A a.*) or (C.) to appear at the Court or Place where the Defendant is to be tried or the Complaint is to be heard, to prosecute or give Evidence, as the Case may be, against such Person:

4. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction the Complaint shall be made, when it shall relate to the Nonpayment of any Poor Rate, County Rate, or other public Tax, at any Time after the Date of the Warrant authorizing the Collection of the same, and when it shall relate to the Nonpayment of Money for Wages, Hire, or Tuition, within One Year from the Termination of the Term or

Penod

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

705

Prooeu to enforce Appearance,

Period in respect of which it shall be payable, and when Trespass, with-it shall relate to any Trespass, within Two Months from j" the Time when the Trespass shall have occurred, and within^x*6* in any other Case within Six Months from the Time Months, when the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, but not otherwise:

And in all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction any Person against Defendant en-whom any such Information or Complaint shall have been of Wbriw^n made in Writing shall, upon being amenable or appearing in or Complaint Person or by Counsel or Attorney, be entitled to receive from yhen " Writ* the Clerk of Petty Sessions a Copy of such Information or Com- lDg* plaint, on Payment of the Sum of Sixpence to such Clerk; and such Clerk shall in no Case allow the original Information or Complaint to be taken out of his Possession.

XI. The Manner in which Persons against whom any such Informations or Complaints as aforesaid shall have been received by any Justice shall be made to appear to answer to the same shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. In all Cases of Indictable Crimes and Offences (where an In Ca of In-

Information that any Person has committed the same shall have been taken in Writing and on Oath) the Justice to issue in the shall issue a Warrant (B b.) to arrest and bring such first instance; Person before him, or some other Justice of the same County, to answer to the Complaint made in the Information (and which Warrant may be issued or executed on a Sunday as well as on any other Day); or if he shall ^ut in think that the Ends of Justice would be thereby suffi- mo^iLj^uc. ciently answered, it shall be lawful for him, instead of issuing such Warrant, to issue a Summons in the first instance to such Person, requiring him to appear and answer to the said Complaint; but nothing herein contained shall prevent any Justice from issuing a Warrant for the Arrest of such Person at any Time before or after the Time mentioned in such Summons for his Appearance; and whenever such Person shall afterwards If Party ap-appear or be brought before any such Justice he shall proceed according ^to the Provisions herein-after con- proceed ^nder tained as to taking the Evidence against such Person, subsequent Pro-and committing such Person for Trial: visions.

2. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction the Justice may In Summary

issue his Summons (B a.) directed to such Person, re- £roceedin

.. v y - . Summons to

qvunng him to appear and answer to the Complaint, issue in the first

and it shall not be necessary that such Justice shall be instance; the Justice or One of the Justices by whom the Complaint shall be afterwards heard and determined; and in but in certain all Cases of Offences where such Person shall not appear Cases a ^yar* at the required Time and Place, and it shall be proved rant may lssue* on Oath either that he was personally served with such Summons or that he is keeping out of the Way of such Service, (the Complaint being in Writing and on Oath,) the Justice may issue a Warrant to arrest and bring

706

Process to enforce Appearance.

If Party is arrested Justice may either commit or discharge on Recognizance.

Warrant or Summons to be signed, but not in Blank. Summons or Warrant may run into an adjoining County.

Service of Summonses.

Justices to appoint a Summons Server.

By whom Summons to be served.

What shall be due Service.

Cap. 93# Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

such Person before him or some other Justice of the same County, to answer to the said Complaint; and when such Person shall afterwards be arrested under such Warrant, the Justice before whom he shall be brought may either by Warrant (E b.) commit him to Gaol, until the Hearing of the Complaint, or may discharge him upon his entering into a Recognizance (C.), with or without Sureties, at the Discretion of the Justice, conditioned for his Appearance at such Hearing:

And each Summons or Warrant shall be signed by the Justice or One of the Justices issuing the same, and it shall state shortly the Cause of Complaint, and no Summons or Warrant shall be signed in Blank; and in every Case where the Offence shall have occurred or the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen within the Petty Sessions District for winch the Justice issuing any such Summons or Warrant shall act, but the Party or Witness to whom such Summons shall be directed or against whom such Warrant shall be issued shall reside in an adjoining County, it shall be lawful for such Justice to compel the Appearance of such Party or Witness at the Hearing of the Charge or Complaint within such District, in like Manner as if such Party or Witness resided in such District, although such Justice may not be a Justice of such adjoining County.

XII. The Manner in which Summonses shall be served shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. It shall be lawful for the Justices of each Petty Sessions

to [appoint some One or more Persons, who shall be able to read and write, to act as Summons Server or Servers of the District during the Pleasure of such Justices; and any such Summons Server shall be entitled to be paid by the Complainant or Person for whom he may be employed such Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for the Service of each Summons upon each Party or Witness (or upon any Number of Parties or Witnesses in the same Case who shall be served in the same House) as the Justices shall fix:

2. In Cases of Offences 'prosecuted by the Constabulary the

Summons shall be served by a Head or other Constable, but in all other Cases it may be served by the Summons Server of the District, or (if the Justice issuing the same shall so direct or permit) by any other Person whom the Complainant shall employ, and who shall be able to read and write, but in no Case by the Complainant himself:

3. Every Summons shall be served upon the Person to whom

it is directed by delivering to him a Copy of such Summons, or if he cannot be conveniently met with, by leaving such Copy for him at his last or most usual Place of Abode, or at his Office, Warehouse, Counting-house, Shop, Factory, or Place of Business, with some Inmate of the House not being under Sixteen Years of Age,

Area-

Petty Sessions (Ireland)* Cap. 93.

a reasonable Time before the Hearing of the Complaint; and stich last-mentioned Service shall be deemed sufficient Service of such Summons in every Case except where Personal Service shall be specially required by this Act; and in every Case the Person who shall serve such Summons shall endorse on the same the Time and Place where it was served, and shall attend with the same at the Hearing of the Complaint, to depose, if necessary, to such Service:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Provisions of any Act authorizing the Substitution of Service in particular Cases.

XIII. Whenever it shall be made to appear to any Justice that any Person within the Jurisdiction of such Justice is able to give material Evidence for the Prosecution in Cases of Indictable Offences, or for the Complainant or Defendant in Cases of Summary Jurisdiction, and will not voluntarily appear for the Purpose of being examined as a Witness, such Justice may proceed as follows:

1. He may issue a Summons (B a.) to such Person, requiring

him to appear at a Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, to testify what he may know concerning the Matter of the Information or Complaint, and (if the Justice shall see fit) to bring with him and produce for Examination such Accounts, Papers, or other Documents as shall be in his Possession or Power, and as shall be deemed necessary by such Justice; but in any Case of an Indictable Crime or Offence, whenever the Justice shall be satisfied by Proof upon Oath that it is probable that such Person will not attend to give Evidence without being compelled so to do, then, (the Information or Complaint being in Writing and on Oath,) instead of issuing such Summons as aforesaid, he may issue a Warrant (B b.) in the first instance for the Arrest of such Person:

2. And in any Case when any Person to whom a Summons

shall be issued in the first instance shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then (the Information or Complaint being in Writing and on Oath), after Proof upon Oath that such Summons was personally served upon such Person, or that such Person is keeping out of the Way of such Service, and that he is able to give material Evidence in the Case, the Justice before whom such Person should have appeared may issue a Warrant (B b.) to arrest such Person, and to bring him at the Time and Place appointed for the Hearing of the Case, to testify and to produce such Accounts, Papers, and Documents as may be required as aforesaid:

707

Service if Summons ts.

Proof of Service.

But this not to affect any sj>e-cial Mode of Service.

Witnesses.

Justice may force Witnesses to attend and give Evidence.

Issue of Sum *

mons.

In Cases of Indictable Offences Warrant may issue in the first instance

If Summons be not obeyed, Justices may issue Warrant to arrest Witness.

Wiinetsu.

What Persons shmll be competent Witnesses: Prosecutors and Complainants in all Cases: Defendants in Wages Cases.

Witnesses to be examined on Oath.

Witnesses refusing to be examined may be committed from Time to Time till they consent to be examihed.

But this not to prevent Case from being disposed of on other sufficient Evidence.

In Cases of Indictable Offences Witnesses may be bound to give

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland.) 14 & 15 VlOfr

3. In all Cases of Prosecutions for Offences the Evidence

of the Informer or Party aggrieved shall be admissible in proof of the Offence; and in all Cases of Complaints on which a Justice can make an Order for the Payment of Money, or otherwise, the Evidence of the Complainant shall be admissible in proof of his Complaint; and in Cases of Wages, Hire, or Tuition the Evidence of the Master or Employer may, in the Discretion of the Justices, be admitted in proof against the Complaint:

4. All Witnesses shall be examined upon Oath, and any

Justice before whom any such Witness shall appear for the Purpose of being so examined shall have full Authority to administer to every such Witness the usual Oath:

5. Whenever any Person shall appear as a Witness, either in

obedience to a Summons or by virtue of a Warrant, (or shall be present, and shall be verbally required by the Justice or Justices to give Evidence,) and he shall refuse to be examined upon Oath concerning the Matter of the Information or Complaint, or shall refuse to take such Oath, or having taken such Oath shall refuse to answer such Questions concerning the said Matter as shall then be put to him, or shall refuse or neglect to produce any such Accounts, Papers, or Documents as aforesaid, (without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal,) the Justice or Justices then present may adjourn the Proceedings for any Period not exceeding Eight clear Days, and may in the meantime by Warrant (E b.) commit the said Witness to Gaol, unless he shall sooner consent to be sworn or to testify as aforesaid, or to produce such Accounts, Papers, or Documents, as the Case may be; and if such Witness, upon being brought up upon such adjourned Hearing, shall again refuse to be sworn, or to testify as aforesaid, or to produce such Accounts, Papers, or Documents, as the Case may be, the said Justices, if they shall see fit, may again adjourn the Proceedings, and commit the Witness for the like Period, and so again from Time to Time until he shall consent to be sworn or to testify as aforesaid, or to produce such Accounts, Papers, or Documents, as the Case may be (provided that no such Imprisonment shall in any Case of Summary Jurisdiction exceed One Month in the whole); but nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent the Justice or Justices from sending any such Case for Trial, or otherwise disposing of the same in the meantime, according to any other sufficient Evidence which shall have been received by him or them:

6. Whenever in Cases of Indictable Offences the Justice or Justices shall see fit, they may bind the Witnesses by Recognizance (A b.#) or (C.) to appear at the Trial of the Offender and give Evidence against him; and when-

ever

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

709

ever any Witness shall refuse to be so bound it shall Evidence, and be lawful for the Justice or Justices by Warrant (E b.) on Refusal may to commit him to the Gaol of the County or Place in commi 9 which the Person accused is to be tried, there to be imprisoned until the Trial of the Person accused, unless in the meantime such Witness shall duly enter into Recognizance (C.) before some Justice of the County in which such Gaol shall be situated; but if afterwards, but J? from Want of sufficient Evidence or other Cause, the orb^iiTd^Wit-Justice or Justices before whom the Person accused ness to be libe-shall have been brought shall not commit him or hold rated-him to Bail, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices or any other Justice of the County by Warrant (E d.) to order the Keeper of the Gaol to discharge such Witness:

7. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction it shall be lawful Justices may for the Justices by whom any Order for Payment of on^.Paymc?t Money, not being in the Nature of a Penalty for an civi^o^ilot Offence, shall be made, to order the Party at whose exceeding Instance any Witness shall have been summoned to pay 2* 6<L to such Witness such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as to such Justices shall seem fit, for his Expenses or Loss of Time for each Day of attending to give Evidence, and in default of Payment thereof at such Time as such Justice shall appoint, then to issue a Warrant to levy the Amount thereof by Distress of the Goods of such Party:

And no Person who shall be summoned to attend before any Witnesses to be Court of Petty Sessions, or before any Justice out of Petty ^rr^t for Debt-Sessions, as a Witness, shall be liable to Arrest for Debt whilst at such Court, or at the Place where such Justice shall sit, or whilst proceeding to or returning from the same, provided he shall proceed and return by the most direct Road without unnecessary Delay; and it shalt be lawful for the Court out of and if arrested which the Writ or Process shall have issued to order the ^/edb^the Discharge of any Person who shall be so arrested. Court. 7

XIV. The Manner in which the Evidence shall be taken Taking in Proceedings for Indictable Offences shall be subject to the the Evidence following Provisions: indictable

1. In every Case where any Person shall appear or be brought

before any Justice or Justices charged with any Indict- Justices to take able Crime or Offence, such Justice or Justices, before Depo^<>ns-committing such Person for Trial or admitting him to Bail, shall in the Presence of such Person, who shall be at liberty to put Questions to any Witness produced against him, take the Depositions (A b.) on Oath and in Writing of those who shall know the Facts of the Case, and such Depositions shall be read over to and signed respectively by the Witnesses who shall have been so examined, and shall also be signed by the Justice or One of the Justices who shall take the same; and if upon Y y 3 the

Depositions of Witnesses who have died.

Statement of Prisoner.

Justices to caution Prisoner, and then take down his Statement;

but Prosecutor may give any other Statement also in Evidence.

Remanding

Prisoner.

May be remanded for any] Time not exceeding Eight Days;

but may be ordered up sooner.

In Cases of Indictable Offences, after the Examinations, &c. have

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 YlOT.

the Trial of the Person so accused it shall be proved by the Oath of any credible Witness that any Person whose Deposition shall have been so taken is dead, and that such Deposition was taken in the Presence or Hearing of the Person accused, and that he or his Counsel or Attorney had an Opportunity of cross-examining such Witness, it shall be lawful to read such Deposition as Evidence on the Trial, without further Proof thereof, unless it shall be proved that the same was not signed by the Justice purporting to have signed the same:

2. Whenever the Examination of the Witnesses on the Part of the Prosecution shall have been completed the Justice or One of the Justices present shall (without requiring the Attendance of the Witnesses) read or cause to be read to the Person accused the several Depositions, and then take down in Writing the Statement (Ac.) of such Person (having first cautioned him that he is not obliged to say anything unless he desires to do so, but that whatever he does say will be taken down in Writing, and may be given in Evidence against him on his Trial); and whatever Statement the said Person shall then make in answer to the Charge shall, when taken down in Writing, be read over to him, and shall be signed by the said Justice or One of the Justices present, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown or Peace, as the Case may be, along with the Depositions, and afterwards, upon the Trial, may, if necessary, and if so signed, be given in Evidence against the Person accused, without further Proof thereof, unless it shall be proved that it was not signed by the Justice purporting to sign the same; but nothing herein contained shall prevent the Prosecutor from giving in Evidence any Admission or Confession, or other Statement made at any Time by the Person accused, and which would be admissible by Law as Evidence against such Person:

But if from the Absence of any Witnesses or from any other reasonable Cause it shall become necessary or advisable to defer the Examination or further Examination of the Witnesses for atiy Time, it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom the Person accused shall appear or be brought, either to admit such Person to Bail in manner herein-after provided, or by Warrant (E b.) from Time to Time to remand such Person to Gaol for such Time as the Justice shall deem expedient, not exceeding Eight clear Days; but any such Justice may order the said Person to be brought before him or some other Justice of the County, at any Time before the Expiration of the Period for which he shall have been so remanded: Provided always, that at any Time after the Examinations in any Proceedings for an Indictable Offence shall have been completed, and on or before the First Day of the Assizes or Sessions or other First Sitting

1851. Petty Sessions (Ireland). Cap. 93.

of the Court at which any Person committed to Gaol or admitted to Bail is to be tried, such Person may require and shall be entitled to receive from the Officer or Person having the Custody of the same Copies of the Depositions on which he shall have been committed or bailed, (or Copies of Depositions taken at any Inquest in case of Murder or Manslaughter,) on Payment of a reasonable Sum for the same, not exceeding a Sum at the Bate of Three Halfpence for each Folio of Ninety Words.

XV. The Manner in which the Person accused shall be disposed of when the Evidence shall have been taken in Proceedings for Indictable Offences shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever the Offence shall have been committed within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices present, and he or they shall be of opinion that the Evidence is not sufficient to put such accused Person on his Trial, he or they shall forthwith order such accused Person, if in Custody, to be discharged as to the Information then under Inquiry; but if in the Opinion of such Justice or Justices such Evidence is sufficient to put such Person on his Trial, or if such Evidence raises a strong or probable Presumption of Guilt, then such Justice or Justices shall either by Warrant (E b.) commit him to Gaol, to be there kept until his Trial for the said Offence, or shall admit him to Bail in manner herein-after provided, according as he or they shall see fit:

2. Whenever any Person shall appear or be brought before

any Justice charged with an Offence alleged to have been committed by him in any County or Place in Ireland wherein such Justice shall not have Jurisdiction, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required to examine such Witnesses, and receive such Evidence in proof of such Charge as shall be produced before him within his Jurisdiction; and if in his Opinion such Evidence shall be sufficient Proof of the said Charge, such Justice shall thereupon, either by a like Warrant (E b.) commit the Person accused to the Gaol of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be alleged to have been committed, or shall admit him to Bail, according as such Justice shall see fit; but if in his Opinion such Evidence shall not be sufficient to put the accused Party on his Trial, then such Justice shall bind over the Prosecutor, if he shall have appeared, and the Witnesses, to give Evidence when required so to do, and shall thereupon, by Warrant (E c.) order such Person to be taken before some Justice of the County in which and near the Place where the Offence is alleged to have been committed, and shall at the same Time deliver to the Person having the Execution of such Warrant the Information, Depositions, and Recognizances, if any, so taken, to be delivered to the Justice before whom the Y y 4 accused

711

been completed, Defendant entitled to Copies of Depositions.

Disposal of the Prisoner. — Indictable Offences.

When Evidence bos been completed, Justices to discharge, or commit, or admit to Bail.

Justice of One County may examine as to Offence committed in another County, and either commit Prisoner or admit him to Bail.

If Evidence is not sufficient, Justice may send Prisoner to County where Offence was committed;

Cap. 93.

Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

but if Evidence not sufficient, and Party not bailed, former Recognizance to be void.

Bailing

Prisoner. —

Indictable

Offences,

Persons charged with certain Felonies and Misdemeanors may be admitted to Bail at the Discretion of the Justice before Commitment for Trial.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 44.

In such Cases the committing

accused Person shall be taken in obedience to such Warrant, and such Information, Depositions, and Recognizances shall be treated to all Intents as if they had been taken before such last^mentioned Justice:

Provided always, that if such last-mentioned Justice shall not think the Evidence against such accused Party sufficient to put him on his Trial, and shall discharge him without holding him to Bail, any Recognizance so taken by the said first-mentioned Justice shall be null and void.

XVI. The Admission to Bail of Persons charged with Indictable Offences shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. In every Case where any Person shall be charged before any Justice in manner aforesaid with any Felony (save as herein-after excepted), or with any Assault with Intent to commit any Felony, or with any Attempt to ' commit any Felony, or with any Offence against an Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 'An Act to prevent and punish tumuU ' tuous Risings of Persons within this Kingdom, and for ' other Purposes therein mentioned or with obtaining or attempting to obtain Property by false Pretences, or with a Misdemeanor in receiving Property stolen or obtained by false Pretences, or with Perjury or Subornation of Perjury, or with concealing thp Birth of a Child by secret burying or otherwise, or with wilful or indecent Exposure of the Person, or with Riot, or with Assault in pursuance of a Conspiracy to raise Wages, or Assault upon a Peace Officer in the Execution of his Duty, or upon any Person acting in his Aid, or with Neglect or Breach of Duty as Peace Officer, or with any Misdemeanor for the Prosecution of which the Costs may be allowed out of the County Rate or Funds, it^shall be lawful either for the Justice before whom suqh Charge shall be made, at any Time before such Person shall be committed to Gaol, or for the Justice by whom the Warrant to commit shall have been signed, at any Time afterwards, and before the First Day of the Sitting of the Court before which he shall have been committed to be tried, if (having regard to the Nature of the Charge, and the Cogency of the Evidence adduced in support of it,) it appears to him to be a Case in which Bail ought to be taken, to admit such accused Person to Bail by Recognizance (C.), with One or more sufficient Sureties, at the Discretion of the Justice, conditioned that lie will appear at the Time and Place when and where he is to be tried for such Offence, and that he will then surrender and take his Trial, and not depart the Court without Leave; and whenever in any such Case the accused

Person

1851.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

713

Person shall not be so admitted to Bail, if the commit- Justice to cer-ting Justice shall be of opinion that he ought to be }\fy n Warrant admitted to Bail, he shall certify (I c.) on the Warrant Bail; ° of Commitment his Consent to his Deing boiled, stating

also the Amount of Bail which ought to be required; and any Justice of the County attending or being at the and any other Gaol where such- accused Party shall be in Custody, on Justice may Production of such Certificate at any Time before the adxmt 10 Bmil* First Day of the Sitting of the Court before which he shall have been committed to be tried, may admit such accused Person to Bail in manner aforesaid:

2. In every Case where any Person shall be charged before Persons charged any Justice with any Indictable Misdemeanor other than other those herein-before mentioned, such Justice, after taking the Examinations, instead of committing him to Prison, mitted to Bail shall, upon the Application of such Person (and upon at any Time " being satisfied as to the Sufficiency of the Bail offered), of Right' admit him to Bail in manner aforesaid, or if he shall have been committed to Gaol, and shall apply to any Justice for the same County to admit him to Bail at any Time before the First Day of the Sitting of the Court before which he shall have been committed to be tried, such Justice shall admit him to Bail in manner aforesaid:

And whenever it shall not be convenient for the Surety or when Sureties Sureties in any Case to attend at the Gaol to join with the cannot attend, accused Person in the Recognizance of Bail, then the com- Ju*t, c<lV°m g, ve mitting Justice or the Justice by whom such Person can be Certificate.6 admitted to Bail, as the Case may be, shall make a Duplicate of such Certificate (I c.) as aforesaid, and upon the same being produced to any Justice for the same County it shall be latoful for such last-mentioned Justice, before such Time as aforesaid, to take the Recognizance of the Surety or Sureties in conformity with such Certificate, and upon such Recognizance being transmitted to the Keeper of such Gaol, and produced to any Justice attending or being at such Gaol, it shall be lawful for such last-mentioned Justice, before such Time as aforesaid, to take the Recognizance of such accused Person in like Manner as if the Sureties were present; and in all Cases where a Justice shall admit to Bail any Person who shall then be in any Gaol charged with the Offence for which he shall be so admitted to Bail, such Justice shall send to or cause to be lodged with the h?s, m11 order Keeper of such Gaol a Warrant (E d.) requiring the said wJ*^*8*' Keeper to discharge the Person so admitted to Bail, if he be e Ce detained for no other Offence or under no Civil Process, and upon such Warrant being delivered to such Keeper he shall forthwith obey the same: Provided always, that no Justice NoBnil in Trea-shall admit any Person to Bail for Treason, or for any Felony k*ute-

under an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty's nam, or chief Reign, intituled An Act for the better Security of the Croton Secretary, and Government of the United Kingdom, nor shall any such 8

last-mentioned Person be admitted to Bail except by Order

When Justice admits a Person to Bail after Commitment,

Baiting Prisoner. — Indictable Offences.

Where Party is about to abscond, Justice may, upon Application of Bailsman, order Arrest, and require new Bail

Warrant to arrest a Party against whom an Indictment is found.

Party so arrested to be committed for Trial or bailed.

If Party indicted be in Prison for some other Offence, Justice to order his Detention.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vict.

of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or by Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench at lDublin, or a Judge thereof in Vacation.

XVII. Whenever any Person charged with any such Indictable Crime or Offence as aforesaid shall have been bailed in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Justice by whom he shall have been bailed, or for any other Justice, if he shall see fit, upon the Application of the Surety or of either of the Sureties of such Person, and upon Information being made in Writing and on Oath by such Surety, or by some Person on his Behalf, that the Person so bailed is about to abscond for the Purpose of evading Justice, to issue his Warrant for the Arrest of such Person so bailed, and afterwards, upon being satisfied that the Ends of Justice would otherwise be defeated, to commit such Person, when so arrested, to Gaol, until his Trial, or until he shall produce another sufficient Surety or other sufficient Sureties, as the Case may be, in like Manner as before.

XVIII. Whenever an Indictment shall have been found by the Grand Jury in any Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, against any Person who shall then be at large, and who shall not already have appeared and pleaded to such Indictment, (and whether such Person shall have been bound by Recognizance to answer to the same or not,) the Person who shall act as Clerk of the Crown at such Court, or as Clerk of the Peace at such Sessions, shall, at any Time after the End of the Assizes or Sessions at which such Indictment shall have been found, upon Application of the Prosecutor or of some Person on his Behalf, and free frojn Charge, grant unto such Prosecutor or Person a Certificate (I b.) of such Indictment having been found; and upon Production of such Certificate to any Justice for the County in which the Offence shall be alleged in such Indictment to have been committed, or in which the Person thereby indicted shall reside or be, or be suspected to reside or be, such Justice shall issue his Warrant to arrest such Person, and to cause him to be brought before him, or some other Justice for the same County, to be dealt with according to Law; and upon such Person being so brought before such Justice, and upon its being proved on Oath that the Person so arrested is the same Person who is charged and named in such Indictment, such Justice shall, without further Inquiry, either commit him for Trial or admit him to Bail, in manner aforesaid; and in any such Case as last aforesaid, if the Person so indicted shall at the Time be confined in any Gaol for any other Offence than that charged in such Indictment, such Justice shall, upon like Proof on Oath that the Person so confined is the same Person who is so charged in such Indictment, issue his Warrant (E b.) to the Keeper of such Gaol, commanding him to detain such Person in his Custody until he shall be discharged therefrom by due Course of Law; but nothing

herein

mi.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93. 715

herein contained shall be deemed to prevent any Clerk of the But not to inter-Crown or Peace or other Officer from issuing any Warrant in any such Case for the Arrest of any such Person which he otherwise by Law issue.

X. The Manner in which Informations, Examinations, D*po*ai Statements of accused Parties, and Recognizances, in Proceedings for Indictable Offences, shall be disposed of, when taken, in&ctabu shall be subject to the following Provisions: Offence*.

1. Every such Information, Examination, Statement, and informations.

Recognizance sworn, taken, or acknowledged by or before &c. taken before any Justice not sitting in Petty Sessions shall, with all Justice out of convenient Despatch, and at the latest before the Petty ^e^t^ons Sessions then next ensuing for the District where the mitted to Petty Case may have arisen, be transmitted by him to the Sessions. Justices at such Petty Sessions, except in Cases where the Person accused shall not have been committed or shall not be amenable, and such Justice shall deem it expedient to retain such Documents for a longer Period:

2. The Justices at Petty Sessions shall transmit or cause the informations,

Clerk of Petty Sessions to transmit every such Informa- mUted to ST*" tion, Examination, Statement, or Recognizance so received Clerks of the from any Justice out of Petty Sessions, or which shall Crown and be sworn, taken, or acknowledged at Petty Sessions, to Peace; the Clerk of the Crown of the County where the same shall relate to any Matter to be tried at the Assizes, or to the Clerk of the Peace where same shall relate to any Matter to be tried at Quarter Sessions, with all convenient Despatch, or at latest within Seven Days from the holding of each Petty Sessions where the Party shall have been committed or shall be amenable, (or at least Seven Days before the Assizes or Quarter Sessions, as the Case may be, where the Party shall not have been committed or shall not be amenable,) except in Cases of Indictable Offences where the Party shall not have been committed or shall not be amenable, and the Justices shall deem it expedient to retain such Documents for a longer Period:

3. In every Case where any such Documents, whether taken bu} whcn *k-in or out of Petty Sessions, shall be so retained by any "e^fy1*1* Justice for a longer Period than is herein-before pro- Reason.' vided, he shall endorse on the same his Reason for such Retention:

And in all Cases where the Justices shall deliver to the Clerk M.od.e of trmn*. of Petty Sessione any such Information, Examination, State- ^atfons, ment, or Recognizance to transmit to the Clerks of the Crown or Peace, the said Clerk of Petty Sessions shall forthwith make an Abstract or Schedule of the same, specifying the Dates of the same, and the Dates when the same were received by him; and, (when there shall be no more convenient or safe Mode of Transmission,) and he shall be so directed by the Justices, he shall transmit such Schedule, together with the Informations,

Cap. 93.

Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Dispotal of the Informa-tiomx, flrc. — Indictable Offences,

Grand Jury to present Amount of Postage.

Hearing the Cate, — Summary Jurisdiction.

Where both Parties appear, Case to be heard on both Sides.

Right of Reply.

Proof of a Negative.

Where Defen-daut does not appear Hearing may be ex parte.

Examinations, and Recognizances therein referred to, to the said Clerks of the Crown or Peace, as the Case may be, through the General Post Office, prepaying the same, and obtaining a Receipt from the Postmaster where the same shall be posted, specifying the Date of such posting, and for which the Postmaster by whom the same shall be delivered shall in like Manner obtain a like Receipt from the Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Crown, as the Case may be, and which Receipts such Postmaster and such Clerk of the Crown or Peace are hereby required to give; and the Grand Jury of the County shall at the Assizes present to be paid to such Clerks of Petty Sessions the Amount of the Postage prepaid by them for the Transmission of such Documents as aforesaid; and the Sums so presented shall be levied as other Monies presented by such Grand Jury.

XX. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction the Proceedings upon the Hearing of the Complaint shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever the Defendant or his Agent shall be present the

Substance of the Complaint shall be stated to him, and if he thereupon admit the Truth of the Complaint, then the Justices shall, if they shall see no sufficient Reason to the contrary, convict or make an Order against him accordingly, but if he do not admit the Truth of the Complaint, then the Justices shall proceed to hear such Evidence as may be adduced in support of the Complaint, and also to hear the Defence, and such Evidence as may be adduced on behalf of the Defence, and also such Evidence as the Complainant may adduce in reply, if such Defendant shall have given any Evidence other than as to his the Defendant's general Character; but the Complainant or his Agent shall not be entitled to make any Observations in reply upon the Evidence given by the Defendant, nor shall the Defendant or his Agent be entitled to make any Observations in reply upon the Evidence given by the Complainant in reply; and if the Information or Complaint shall negative any Exemption, Exception, Proviso, or Condition in the Statute on which the same shall be framed, it shall not be necessary for the Complainant to prove such Negative, but the Defendant may prove the Affirmative thereof, if he will have Advantage of the same:

2. Whenever the Defendant or his Agent shall not appear at

the Time and Place mentioned in the Summons, and it shall appear to the Justices on Oath that the Summons was duly served, a reasonable Time before the Time therein appointed for appearing, and no sufficient Grounds shall be shown for an Adjournment, the Justices may either proceed ex parte to hear and determine the Complaint, or may adjourn the Hearing to a future Day:

3' menever

Petty Session* (Ireland). Cap. 93. 717

3 Whenever the Defendant or his Agent shall appear at the Where Com-Time and Place appointed in the Summons, or shall be pkinent doe* brought before the Justice by virtue of any Warrant, bedewed then, if the Complainant (having in the Case of a War- or adjourned, rant had due Notice of the Defendant's Arrest) do not appear by himself or his Agent, the Justices may either dismiss such Complaint, or may adjourn the Hearing to a future Day:

4. Whenever any Justices shall proceed to hear and deter- Justices to take mine any Complaint or Information as to an Offence, down Evidence they, or One of them, shall, when required so to do by Wilting, if

either Party, or his Agent* take or cause to be taken required by

a Note in Writing of the Evidence, or of so much thereof Party* os shall be material, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of Petty Sessions, and which Book shall be signed by One of the Justices by whom such Information or Complaint shall have been heard on the Day on which the same shall have been determined:

And whenever all the Cases shall not have been heard and Justices may determined on any Court Day, the Justices then present may adjourn the remaining Cases either to the next Court Day or to ndly/oTmay such other Day as they shall see fit; and whenever, either adjourn parti-

before or during the Hearing of any Complaint, it shall appear cular Cases;

advisable, the Justices present may, in their Discretion, adjourn the Hearing of the same to a certain Time or Place to be then appointed and stated in the Presence and Hearing of the Party or Parties pr their Agents; and all Persons whose Attendance shall have been required by any Summons in any of the Cases so adjourned shall take notice of such Adjournment, and shall be obliged to attend on the Day to which such Adjournment shall take place, without the Issue or Service of any further Summons; and in all Cases of such Adjournments the and either allow said Justices may suffer the Defendant to go at large, or, in Defendant to go Prosecutions for Offences (where there shall be an Information ^om^it'him or in Writing and on Oath that the Defendant is guilty of the bind him by Offence,) may commit him to Gaol by Warrant (E b.), or may Recognizance discharge him upon his entering into a Recognizance (C.), with to*PPear-or without Sureties, at the Discretion of the Justices, conditioned for his Appearance at the Time and Place to which such Hearing or further Hearing shall be adjourned.

XXI. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction the Justices, Adjudication of having heard what each Party shall have had to say, and the Evidence adduced by each, shall either make such Order as jurisdiction.

shall be authorized by the Act under which the Complaint t -

shall be made, or shall dismiss the Complaint either upon the

Merits or without Prejudice to its being again made; and the to dismiss*the

Entry of the Order so made shall be as follows: Complaint on

1. One of the Justices then present shall thereupon enter ^i^ouY'pr^ or cause the Clerk to enter the Particulars of such Case judice. and the Substance of the Decision thereon in a Book Entry of to be kept for that Purpose, to be called the " Order Orders.

Book, "

Adjudication of Cam. — Summary Jurisdiction.

If Order made out of Petty Sessions.

Return and Entry of Cases decided out of Petty Sessions in which Constabulary prosecute or act.

Copies of Convictions need not be returned to Quarter Sessions as hitherto; but Certificate of Order to be given to Party;

and Certificate of a Dismissal on the Merits to be a Bar to ftiture Proceed-togs;

and to be good Evidence of Conviction.

Cap. 93.

Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Book," according to the Form (D.) (and shall, in ease of a Dismissal, state whether the same is upon the Merits or without Prejudice to a farther Complaint); and such Entry, when One of the Justices present shall have signed his Name opposite to it or after it (which One of the said Justices is hereby required to do), shall be deemed to all Intents and Purposes a Conviction or Order, as the Case may be:

2. Whenever any Justice or Justices shall have made any such Conviction or Order out of Petty Sessions, in the Cases permitted by this Act to be decided out of Petty Sessions, he or they shall either enter the same in the Order Book in manner aforesaid, or shall enter the Substance of the Decision in the Form of Certificate (1 a.), and shall forthwith, or at furthest before the next Court Day, deliver or forward such Certificate to the Clerk of Petty Sessions of the District, who shall enter the same in the proper Order Book (with a special Note that he has so done), and shall submit such Entry for Signature to the Justice or One of the Justices by whom the Order shall have been made upon the next Day of his Attendance at Petty Sessions; but in case such Justice shall not sign the same, the Clerk shall make a special Entry to that Effect in the Order Book opposite to such Case, and shall preserve the original Certificate as a Record of the Proceeding:

3. The Sub-Inspector of Constabulary of the District shall

make a Return to the Justices at each Petty Sessions of the Particulars of any Cases of Summary Jurisdiction in which any Justices of the said Petty Sessions shall have made any Order or issued any Warrant out of Petty Sessions, and in which any Head or other Constable of such District shall have been engaged, since the next preceding Petty Sessions:

And it shall not hereafter be necessary to return to Quarter Sessions Copies of the Summary Convictions so made and entered at Petty Sessions; but, if either Party shall require it, a Certificate (Form I a.) of any Order so made (signed by the Justice who shall have made the same, or by any other Justice of the same Petty Sessions,) shall be delivered to him at any Time, and such Certificate shall operate to all Intents as a good Form of Conviction or Order, as the Case may be, for any Purpose for which any Form of Conviction or Order may now by Law be required; and in case of a Dismissal, where the same shall be stated therein by the Justice to have been a Dismissal on the Merits, or that any Assault was of a trifling or justifiable Nature (and which he is hereby required to state if the Case be so), such Certificate upon being produced shall be a Bar to any subsequent Information or Complaint for the same Matter against the same Party; and in any such Case such Certificate shall, on Proof of the Signature of the Justice to the same, be

weeded

received as good Evidence of the Conviction or Order in all A%*Mca*mof Courts of Justice., cw —

XXII. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction it shall be law- J*rtidictuM. fill for the Justices in adjudicating thereon to exercise the Genend Powers following general Powers whether the same shall be authorized in adjudicating, by the Act under which the Complaint shall be made or not:

1. In every Case where the Justices shall be authorized to Justices may

award any Penal or other Sum, they may order that the same shall be paid either forthwith or at such Time as ManneTo^Pay-

they shall see fit to fix for that Purpose, and, in Cases ment.

of a Civil Nature, that such Sum may be paid either at

once or by Instalments:

2. In every Case where the Justices shall award any Penal In «U Cases

or other Sum to be paid, they may order that, in default ^£d^n

of the said Sum being paid at the Time and in the inpayment.

Manner directed by their Order, the Goods of the

Person against whom the said Order shall be made shall be distrained for such Sum, or for so much of such

Sum as shall remain unpaid at the Time fixed, and also

for the Costs of such Distress:

3. In every Case of an Offence where they shall order that In Offence

a Distress shall be made in default of Payment of any Casea Imprbon-Penal Sum, they may order that in default of the said de-

Sum being paid as directed the said Person shall be fault of Distress, imprisoned for any Term not exceeding the Period speci- according to fied in the following Scale: &ale;

For any Sum

The Imprisonment not to exceed

Not exceeding 5 s. ---- One Week

Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 10s. - Two Weeks.

!Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 21. - One Month.

Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 51. - Two Months.

Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 10/. - Three Months.

Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 30/. - Four Months.

Exceeding the last, but not exceeding 60/. - Six Months.

Exceeding the last - - One Year;

And any such Imprisonment shall be determinable upon may Payment of the said Sum and Costs and any Costs of directed by the Distress, where a Distress shall have been made; same Warrant and such Imprisonment may be directed in the same Warrant as such Distress; but if the said Person shall So also in like admit, or if it shall be otherwise proved on Oath, that Cases in the first he has no Goods, or that a Distress would be ruinous insJ?n? whei? to him or his Family, they may order that such Person Distress^Jould shall be imprisoned in the first instance for the like be ruinous. Period for which he might be imprisoned in default of Distress:

4. In every Case of an Offence, where the Order shall only In ommce have directed Distress in default of Payment of a Penal Cases Justices Sum, and it shall afterwards be found impossible to at Petty Sessions

execute ", 3riub, t, 'uto

Distress for Committal, and vice Tend on Failure of First Warrant.

Poorer to award Hard Labour in Offence Cases.

Imprisonment may commence at Expiration of Imprisonment under previou* Conviction.

Any Compensation awarded shall be paid to Party aggrieved, except in certain Cases.

Appropriation of Fines and Penalties.

Power to award

Costs in all Cases to either Party.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

execute a Warrant of Distress, it shall be lawful for the Justices at Petty Sessions to order a Warrant to issue to commit the Person against whom such Order shall have been made to Gaol for such Period as might have been directed by the original Order; and in like Manner where the Order shall have only directed Imprisonment, and it shall be found impossible to execute a Warrant of Committal, it shall be lawful for the Justices at Petty Sessions to order a Warrant to issue to levy by Distress of the Goods of such Person such Penal Sum as might have been awarded by the original Order; and in all such Cases a Note of such Proceeding shall be made by the Justices in the Order Book:

5. In every Case of an Offence, where the Act shall authorize

the Justices to order Imprisonment, they may adjudge by their Order that the said Imprisonment shall be either with or without Hard Labour, according as they shall see fit:

6. In every Case of an Offence, where the Person against

whom an Order to imprison shall be made shall then be in Prison undergoing Imprisonment upon a Conviction for any other Offence, it shall be lawful for the Justice issuing the same, if he shall think fit, to order therein that the Imprisonment shall commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced:

7. In every Case where any Sum shall be awarded under

the Provisions of any Act as Compensation for Damage, or as the Value of any Article, or as the Amount of any Injury done, such Sum shall be paid to the Party or Public Body aggrieved; but where the Party aggrieved is unknown, such Sum shall be applied in like Manner as any Penalties awarded to the Crown; and where several Persons join in an Offence, and are severally punished each in the Amount of the Injury done, no more than One of such Sums shall be paid to the Party aggrieved, and the rest shall be applied as other Penalties awarded to the Crown:

8. In every Case where the Act under which any Penal Sum

shall be ordered to be paid as a Penalty for an Offence (and no Sum shall be awarded to the Complainant as Compensation for Damage), it shall be lawful for the Justices to award any Sum not exceeding One Third of such Penal Sum to the Prosecutor or Informer, and the Remainder of such Sum and all other Penal Sums shall be awarded to the Crown, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding:

9. In all Cases the Justices may order that the Defendant

shall pay to the Complainant, or in case of a Dismissal that the Complainant shall pay to the Defendant, such Sum, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for Costs, as to

1851.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

72t

such Justices shall seem fit, and the same shall be recoverable in the same Manner as any Penal or other Sum adjudged to be paid by the Justices:

Provided always, that every Person who shall aid, 'abet, counsel, Aide" and or procure the Commission of any Offence which is or shall be comn^onof punishable on Summary Conviction, shall be liable to be pro- Offences to be ceeded against and convicted for the same, either together with punishable on the principal Offender or before or after his Conviction, and shall ^o^Pri^ be liable, on Conviction, to the same Forfeiture and Punishment cipals. to which such principal Offender shall be by Law liable (except where the Age of such Aider or Abettor shall exceed Fourteen Years, in which Case he shall be liable to the same Forfeiture and Punishment to which any principal Offender whose Age shall exceed Fourteen Years shall be liable), and maybe proceeded against and convicted either in the County where such principal Offender may be convicted, or in that in which such Offence of aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring may have been committed.

XXIII. In all Cases of Summary Jurisdiction, whenever an Enforcement of Order shall be made upon the Conviction of any Person for an 5^ Offence, the Justices shall issue the proper Warrant for its Exe- jurisdiction.

cution forthwith, when the Imprisonment is to take place im- -

mediately, or at the Time fixed by the Order for the Imprison- ca^Wrant ment to take place where it is not to be immediate, or directly to issue peremp-upon the Nonpayment of any Penal Sum or the Nonperform- torily. ance of any Condition at the Time and in the Manner fixed by the Order for that Purpose, or at furthest upon the next Court Day after the Expiration of the Time so fixed for the Imprisonment, Payment, or Performance of a Condition, as the Case may be, unless the Imprisonment or Penal Sum shall have been remitted by the Crown or other competent Authority in the Interval; and whenever an Order shall be made in any In Civil Cases Case of a Civil Nature, and the same shall not be obeyed, the li-

Justice shall issue the proper Warrant for its Execution at any cation of Party"; Time after the Time fixed for Compliance with its Directions, where required so to do, by the Person in whose Favour such Order shall have been made or by some Person on his Behalf, and it shall not be necessary that the Justice by whom any butnoExecu-such Warrant shall be issued shall be the Justice or One of the Justices by whom the Order shall have been made: Provided always, that in every Case where the Party being entitled to appeal against any such Order shall have duly given Notice thereof, and entered into a Recognizance to prosecute the same in the Manner herein-after provided, it shall not be lawful for any Justice to issue any Warrant to execute the said Order until such Appeal shall have *been decided, or until the Appellant shall have failed to perform the Condition of such Recognizance, as the Case may be, (except wrhere any Act shall expressly authorize or direct the Levy of any Sum to be made notwithstanding the Appeal); and in any Case where any Person or if Warrant shall be in Custody, or shall have been committed to Gaol, or i«wed, notto be [No.46 .Priced.-] Zz Miy executed, orif

tion of Order pending an Appeal:

except in certain Cases:

executed, Party to be discharged or Distress to be returned.

Cap. 93.

Petty Setsious (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Appeals.* —

Summary

Jurisdiction.

In what Cases Appeals shall be permitted.

Appeal only to ntoxt Quarter

Sessions of the Division.

Notice to be given within Three Days.

Recognizance to prosecute Appeal.

Amount of Recognizance.

Form of Appeal. 3.

Recognizance to appeal to be

any Warrant of Distress shall have been issued or executed, under any such Order, the Justice by whom the Warrant shall have been issued, or any other Justice of the same County, shall, upon an Application being made to him in that Behalf, forthwith order the Discharge of such Person from Custody or from Gaol, or that such Warrant of Distress shall not be executed, or that if executed the Distress shall be returned to the Owner, as the Case may be.

XXIV. In any Case of Summary Jurisdiction, where an Order shall be made by the Justices for Payment of any Penal or other Sum exceeding Twenty Shillings, or for any Term of Imprisonment exceeding One Month, or for the doing of anything at a greater Expense than Forty Shillings, or for the estreating of any Recognizance to a greater Amount than Twenty Shillings, (but in no other Case,) either Party (whether he shall be the Complainant or the Defendant) in Cases of a Civil Nature, or the Party against whom the Order shall have been made in other Cases, shall be entitled to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions to be held in the same Division of the County when the Order shall have been made by any Justice or Justices of any Petty Sessions District, (or to the Recorder of any Corporate or Borough Town at his next Sessions when the Order shall have been made by any Justice or Justices of such Corporate or Borough Town,) (unless when any such Sessions shall commence within Seven Days from the Date of the Order, in which Case the Appeal may be made to the next succeeding Sessions of such Division or Town); and such Appeal shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. The Appellant shall serve Notice in Writing of his Inten-> tion to appeal upon the Clerk of Petty Sessions, within Three Days from the Date of the Order against which the Appeal shall be made:

2. He shall also within Three Days after such Notice as

aforesaid enter into a Recognizance, according to the Form (C.), with Two solvent Sureties, conditioned to prosecute such Appeal, and the Amount of such Recognizance shall be double the Amount of the Sum and Costs ordered to be paid, where Payment only is ordered, or of such reasonable Amount as the Justices shall see fit, where Imprisonment is ordered:

Whenever die Appellant shall have given such Notice and entered into such Recognizance there shall be delivered to him the Form of Appeal (H.), containing a Certificate of the Order against which he shall appeal (signed by the Justice who shall have made the same, or by any other Justice of the same Pett^ Sessions); and it shall also be therein certified by the Clerk of Petty Sessions that the said Notice was duly given, and that the said Recognizance was duly entered into, if the Fact shall be so:

4. In every Case where an Appeal shall be so made, the Clerk of Petty Sessions shall transmit the Recognizance entered

into

1851.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 931

723

into to prosecute such Appeal and all other Proceedings transmitted to in such Case to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Clerk of Petoe* to the proper Officer of the Recorder's Court, at least Seven Days before the Commencement of the Sessions to which the Appeal shall be made, or as soon afterwards as may be practicable, in the same Manner as is hereinbefore provided for the Transmission of Informations as to Indictable Offences:

5. The Appellant shall give Notice in Writing to the opposite Appellant to

Party of his Intention to prosecute his Appeal at least *lve Seven clear Days before the Commencement of the Ses- 7 *

sions to which the Appeal shall be made:

6. Whenever an Appeal shall have been so made, and such Court of

last-mentioned Notice shall have been duly given, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Quarter Sessions (or Recorder) may corder, as the Case may be) to entertain the same, and decide Appeal, to confirm, vary, or reverse the Order made by the Justices not e^weecr"*8 (as so certified in such Form of Appeal), and to award to 4o«. " either Party any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for the Costs of such Appeal; and whenever the said Court of Clerk of Peace Appeal shall have decided any such Appeal, the Clerk of cordw^ofurT* the Peace or proper Officer of the Recorder's Court, as ^certify lithe Case may be, shall certify such Decision at Foot, of cision; the Form of Appeal, and return the same and the said Proceedings to the Justices of the Petty Sessions at which the Order shall have been made, within Seven Days after such Appeal shall have been decided; and whenever any or certify upon such Appeal shall not have been duly prosecuted, the afld «tum Re-Clerk of the Peace or proper Officer of the Recorder's AppeTnTnot Court, as the Case may be, shall so certify upon such prosecuted. Recognizance and return the same to the Justices of the Petty Sessions from which the same shall have been transmitted (in the same Manner and subject to the same Provisions as are herein-before contained as to, the Transmission of Informations for Indictable Offences,) within Seven Days after the Termination of the Sessions at which such Appeal ought to have been prosecuted, and which Certificate shall be free from any Charge:

7. And whenever it shall appear from such Certificate that Order is

such Appeal has not been duly prosecuted, or that the ^pe^J^ice original Order has been confirmed upon Appeal, the shall issue War-Justices who shall have made the original Order, or any rant for Exe-other Justice of the same Petty Sessions, shall issue the proper Warrant for the Execution of the same, as if no but where such Appeal had been brought; and in every Case in Order is varied, which it shall appear from such Certificate that the j^uTforExecu-Court of Appeal shall have varied the original Order, tion of Order of the said Justices shall forthwith issue the proper Warrant Quarter Ses-for the Execution of the Order so made by the Court of #Mmi *

Appeal, in like Manner as they might have issued a Warrant for the Execution of the original Order in caseno

Costs of Appeal

how recovered.

Where Party has been imprisoned, he is only to be imprisoned for Remainder of Period.

In certain Cases, where Party fails to prosecute Appeal, Justice may estreat Recognizance.

Addressing Warrants.

To whom to be addressed: in Offence Cases;

in other Cases.

Committals need not be addressed to Gaoler.

Gaoler to produce Prisoner in Cases of

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vict.

no Appeal had been prosecuted; and if upon any such Appeal either Party shall be ordered to pay Costs, it shall be lawful for such Justices to enforce Payment of the same, in like Manner as any Costs awarded by the original Order; and in any Case where any Order by which any Person shall be adjudged to be imprisoned shall be confirmed on Appeal, such Person shall be liable to be imprisoned for the Period adjudged by the original Order, where he shall not have been apprehended under the original Order, or where he shall have so been apprehended and discharged, then for such Period as, together with the Time during which he shall so have been in Custody, shall be equal to the Period adjudged by the original Order:

Provided always, that whenever the Party bound by Recognizance to prosecute an Appeal against an Order to imprison shall have absconded, or when the Party bound to prosecute an Appeal against an Order for Payment of any Penal or other Sum shall have no Goods whereon to levy same by Distress, it shall be lawful for the Justices at the Petty Sessions where the original Order was made, and after like Proof of Notice to the Parties as in estreating other Recognizances in Summary Proceedings, to make an Order for estreating the Recognizance in any such Case to such Amount as they shall sec fit, and for paying out of such Amount such Sum as shall have been directed to be paid to any Party by such original Order, and thereupon to issue a Warrant (E a.) for the Levy of the same upon the Goods of the several Persons bound thereby.

XXV. The Persons to whom Warrants shall be addressed for Execution shall be as follows:

1. All Warrants in Proceedings as to Offences punishable either by Indictment or upon Summary Conviction, which shall be issued in any Petty Sessions District, shall be addressed to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable of Constabulary who shall act for the Place where the Petty Sessions for such District shall be held:

2. All Warrants in other Cases shall be addressed either to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable of Constabulary in manner aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons (not being the Complainant or a Party interested), as the Justices issuing the same shall see fit:

And it shall not be necessary to address any Warrant of Committal to the Keeper of the Gaol, but upon the Delivery of any such Warrant by the Person charged with its Execution to the Keeper of the Gaol to which the Committal shall be made, such Keeper shall receive and detain the Person named therein, (or shall detain him if already in his Custody,) for such Period and in such Manner as it shall appear from the Warrant that the said Person is to be imprisoned; and in Cases of Adjournments or Remands such Keeper shall bring the said Person at

725

Petty Sessions (Ireland)* Cap. 93.

the Time and Place fixed by the Warrant for that Purpose Adjournments before such Justices as shall be there. or Remands *

By whom Warrants may be executed.

Executing Constabulary Warrants in the District.

Certifying to some other District of same County.

XXVI. The Execution of Warrants so addressed to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable of Constabulary shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. Whenever the Person against whom any Warrant so

addressed shall have been issued shall be to be found in case of Committal, or shall have Goods in case of Distress, in any Place for which such Sub-Inspector or Head Constable shall act, it shall be lawful for the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable who shall act for the Time being for such Place, or for any Head or other Constable to be appointed by him, to execute the same:

2. Whenever it shall appear that the said Person or his

Goods, as the Case may be, are not to be found in any Place for which such Sub-Inspector shall act, but that they are to be found elsewhere in the same County, the said Sub-Inspector or Head Constable shall certify on the Warrant, according to the Form (G b.), the Place where he believes that the said Person or his Goods are to be found, and also (having first satisfied himself as to the Fact) that he believes the Signature to the Warrant to be genuine, and shall forthwith transmit the said Warrant to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable who shall act for such last-mentioned Place, and the same shall be executed in like Manner as any Warrant addressed to him in the first instance:

3. Whenever it shall appear that the said Person or his Certifying out

Goods, as the Case may be, are not to be found in the of

County to which such Sub-Inspector or Head Constable shall belong, but that such Person or his Goods, as the Case may be, are to be found elsewhere out of the said County, the said Sub-Inspector or Head Constable shall, as before, certify on the Warrant, according to the Form (G b.), and forthwith transmit the same to the Inspector General of the Constabulary Force, to be backed as herein-after mentioned:

Provided always, that in any Case which shall appear to the Justice by whom any Warrant shall be issued, to be a Case of Emergency, he may address such Warrant to any Constable of the County; and it shall be lawful for such Constable to execute But in case of such Warrant at any Place within the County in which the Justice issuing such Warrant shall have Jurisdiction, or, in case be^cutTa by of fresh Pursuit of an Offender, at any Place in the next any Constable, adjoining County; but the Constable to whom any such Warrant &c* Y1 t.h? 8axne shall be so addressed shall, if the Time will permit, show or County.mng deliver the same to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable under whose Command the said Constable shall be, who shall proceed in respect to the same according to the Acts regulating the Constabulary Force.

Z Z 3 XXVII. When-

Backing

Warrants,

Constabulary Warrants:

To any Constabulary District in) Ireland:

To the Police District of Dublin Metropolis:

To England,

&c.

Inspector General, fee, to indorse;

and any Justice, &c. may back.

The above Provisions also to apply to other Cases.

Warrants addressed to other Persons than the Constabulary.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland), 14 & 15 VICT.

XXVII. Whenever any Warrant addressed to the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary, or to any Head or other Constable, shall be so certified and transmitted to the said Inspector General, the Manner in which it shall be backed for Execution elsewhere shall be as follows:

1. Whenever it shall appear that the said Person or his

Goods are to be found in any Place in Ireland (not being within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis), it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General or for either of the Deputy Inspectors General of Constabulary to indorse the said Warrant according to the Form (G c.) and to transmit the same to the Sub-Inspector who shall act for such Place, and the same shall be executed in like Manner as any Warrant addressed to him in the first instance:

2. Whenever it shall appear that the said Person or his

Goods are to be found in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General, or for either of the said Deputy Inspectors General, to indorse the said Warrant according to the Form (G c.), and to transmit the same to the Commissioners of Metropolitan Police, and the same shall be executed in like Manner as any Warrant addressed to them in the first instance:

3. Whenever it shall appear that the said Person or his

Goods are to be found in some Place in England or Scotland, or in the Isles of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General, or for either of the said Deputy Inspectors General, in like Manner as before, to indorse the Warrant, according to Form (G c.), and it shall thereupon be lawful for any Justice or Officer having Power to issue any Warrant, or Process in the Nature of a Warrant, for the Arrest of Offenders in any of the said Places, upon Proof on Oath of the Handwriting either of the Inspector or Deputy Inspector General by whom the same shall have been indorsed or of the Justice by whom the Warrant shall have been issued, to indorse the same, according to the Form (G c.), authorizing its Execution within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice or Officer by the Person bringing the same, or by any Constable or other Peace Officer of the County or Place where it shall be so indorsed:

And the said Provisions shall also apply to Cases in which the Sub-Inspector shall only certify that the Signature to the Warrant is genuine, but in which the Place where the said Person or his Goods are to be found shall appear by other Means than the said Certificate.

XXVIII. Whenever a Warrant shall be addressed to any other Person or Persons than the Constabulary, and it shall appear that the Person against whom the same shall have been

issued

1851. Petty Sessions (Ireland), Cap. 93.

issued or his Goods, as the Case may be, are not to be found within the County in which the Justice issuing the same shall have Jurisdiction, but in some other Place in Ireland, or in any of the Places out of Ireland herein-before mentioned, it shall be lawful for any Justice or other such Officer as aforesaid of such Place, upon Proof on Oath of the Handwriting of the Justice who shall have signed the Warrant, to indorse the same for Execution in such Place in like Manner as is herein-before provided as to any Warrant indorsed by the Inspector General of Constabulary.

XXIX. Whenever any Person against whom any Warrant

shall be issued by any Justice or other such Officer as aforesaid in England or Scotland, or in the Isles of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, for any Crime or Offence, shall reside or be, or be suspected to reside or be, in any Place in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General or for either of the said Deputy Inspectors General, or for any Justice of the said last-mentioned Place, to indorse the same in like Manner and upon like Proof as aforesaid, authorising the Execution of the same within his Jurisdiction. J

XXX. The aforesaid Provisions as to the Indorsement of Warrants shall equally apply to any Warrants for the Arrest of any Person charged with any Indictable Crime or Offence for which he is punishable by Law, whether the same shall be signed or indorsed or issued by a Justice of the Peace, or by a Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, in England or Ireland, or by the Lord Justice General, Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, or by any Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, or by the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant.

XXXI. Whenever any Warrant, addressed either to the Constabulary or to any other Person, shall be so indorsed by the said Inspector General or by either of the said Deputies Inspector General, or by any Justice or other such Officer as aforesaid, it shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person bringing such Warrant, and also to all Constables or Peace Officers of the County or Place where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the same by Arrest, Committal, or Levy, as the Case may be, within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice or Officer, and in case of a Warrant to arrest any Person, to convey him when arrested before the Justice or Officer by whom the same was issued, or before some other Justice or Officer of the same County or Place, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that if the Prosecutor, or any of the Witnesses for the Prosecution, in Cases of Indictable Offences, shall then be in the County or Place where any Person shall have been arrested under any Warrant so backed as aforesaid, the Constable or other Person who shall have arrested such Person shall, if so directed by the Justice who shall have indorsed the Warrant, bring the Person so arrested before him or some other Justice

m

Backing

Warranti,

Backing Warrants from . England, &c. into Ireland.

The above Provisions to apply also to Judges Warrants.

Warrants so backed to be valid for Execution;

but if the Pru-secutcr or Witnesses be on the Spot, Examinations may be taki n.

14 & 15 VICT.

Execution of Warranto.

When addreoed to Constabu-Ury;

When addressed to other Persons.

Distress maybe sold in a certain Tune.

On Payment of Penalty, &c. Distress not to be levied.

Distress may be sold by Auction vithoutLiccnce.

If Sum paid after Committal, Prisoner to be discharged.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland).

of the same County or Place, who may thereupon take the Examinations of such Prosecutor or Witnesses, and proceed in every respect as herein-before directed with respect to Persons charged before a Justice with an Indictable Crime or Offence alleged to have been committed in any other County or Place than that in which such Person shall have been arrested.

XXXII. The Manner in which Distresses and Committals under Warrants shall be made shall be as follows:

1* Whenever any Warrant to levy any Penal or other Sum by Distress shall be addressed to the Constabulary, the Sums levied under it shall be accounted for, under the Provisions of the "Fines Act, Ireland, 1851;" but whenever any such Warrant shall be addressed to any other Person than the Constabulary, such Person shall pay over the Sum levied under it to the Person who shall appear by such Warrant to be entitled to the same, or in such other Manner, and subject to such Account of the same, as the Justices shall direct:

2. In every Case where a Distress shall be made under any such Warrant it shall be lawful for the Person charged with its Execution to sell the said Distress within such Period as shall be specially fixed by the said Warrant, or if no Period shall be so fixed, then within the Period of Three Days from the making of the Distress, unless the Sum for which the Warrant was issued, and also the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, shall be sooner paid; and in every Case where he shall sell any such Distress he shall render to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after retaining the Amount of the said Sums and Charges:

3. In every Case where any Person against whom any such

Warrant shall be issued shall pay or tender to the Person having the Execution of the same the Sum in such Warrant mentioned, or shall produce the Receipt of the Officer of the Court for the same, and shall also pay the Amount of the Expenses of such Distress up to the Time of such Payment or Tender, sifch Person shall refrain from executing the same:

4. In every Case where any Sub-Inspector or Member of the Metropolitan Police Force shall be empowered to distrain any Goods under such Warrant, he may and is hereby authorized to sell or cause the same to be sold by Auction by any Head Constable of the said Constabulary Force, or by any Member of the said Metropolitan Police Force, as the Case may be, without procuring any Licence to act as an Auctioneer, and may deduct out of the Amount of such Sale all reasonable Costs and Charges actually incurred in effecting the same:

5. In every Case where any Person who shall be apprehended

under any such Warrant shall pay or cause to be paid to the Keeper of the Gaol in which he shall be im-

T prisoned

Petty Sessions [Ireland).

Cap. 93.

prisoned the Sum in the Warrant mentioned, the said Keeper 'shall receive the same, and shall thereupon discharge such Person if he be in his Custody for no other Matter:

8. Whenever the Warrant shall be to commit any Prisoner to Gaol, the Head or other Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to convey such Prisoner to Gao} shall deliver over the said Warrant and the said Prisoner to the Keeper of the Gaol, who shall thereupon give to such Head or other Constable or other Person a Receipt for such Prisoner (Form F.), setting forth the State and Condition in which he shall have been delivered into the Custody of such Keeper:

7. In any Case of Summary Jurisdiction in which a Justice shall order any Person to be committed to Gaol for any Period, either in default of Payment of any Sum, or in default of Distress, or as a Punishment for any Offence, such Committal shall be to the County Gaol, District Bridewell, or House of Correction of the County in which the Party shall be arrested, unless where such Arrest shall be made in any County adjoining to that in which the Warrant shall have been issued, in which Case the Committal shall be to any of the said Prisons of such last-mentioned County; and whenever any ^Justices shall order any Person to be committed on account of any Adjournment of the Hearing, or until the Return of a Warrant of Distress, or for any like temporary Pur-

See, such Committal shall be either to the Gaol or ouse of Correction, District Bridewell, or to any Bridewell or Lock-up of the County built or supported by County Presentment, "according as shall appear to the Justice8 most convenient for that Purpose.

XXXIII. Whenever the Person to whom any Warrant shall be so addressed, transmitted, or endorsed for Execution shall be unable to find the Person against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, or his Goods, as the Case may be, or to discover where such Person or his Goods are to be found, he shall return such Warrant to the Justices by whom the same shall have been issued within such Time as shall have been fixed by such Warrant (or within a reasonable Time where no Time shall have been so fixed), and together with it a Certificate (G a.) of the Reasons why the 'same shall not have been executed; and it shall be lawful for such Justice to examine such Person on Oath touching the Nonexecution of such Warrant, and to reissue the said Warrant again, or to issue any other Warrant for the same Purpose from Time to Time as shall seem expedient.

XXXIV. Whenever any Person shall be bound to appear, or to keep the Peace, it shall be done by a separate Recognizance (C.); but whenever any Person shall be bound to prosecute or to give Evidence as a Witness, it may be done either by Recognizance at Foot of his Deposition (A b.), or by a separate

Recognizance

729

Execution of Warrrant*.

Gaoler to give Receipt for Prisoners.

To what Prisons Offenders shall be committed in Summary Proceedings.

Return of unexecuted Warrants.

Recognizance»#

Mode of binding by Recognizance.

730

Rtcognizancts.

Amount of Recognizance:

To contain particular Description of Partita bound:

To be in Form in Schedule.

Recognizances to appear, &c. at Assizes, &c. to be sent to Clerks of Crown, &c., and to be estreated by Court

Recognizances to appear before Justices, or to keep the Peace, &c. to be deposited with Clerk of Petty Sessions;

and may be estreated by Justices;

after Proof on Oath of Notice to Parties.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Recognizance at the Discretion of the Justice; and the taking of every Recognizance shall be subject to the following Provisions:

1. It shall be in such Amount as the Justice shall, in

his Discretion, think expedient, except in Cases of Appeal, in which the Amount shall be as herein-before provided:

2. It shall particularly specify the Profession, Trade, or

Occupation of every Person entering into the same, together with his Christian and Surname, and the Name of the Parish and Townland or Town in which he resides, and if he resides in a Town the Name of the Street, and the Number (if any) of the House in which he resides, and whether he is Owner or Tenant thereof, or a Lodger therein:

3. Every Recognizance so taken according to the Form in the

Schedule to this Act, or to the like Effect, either at Foot of the Deposition or by a separate Form, shall have the like Force and Effect in binding the Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels of the Persons acknowledging the same, and in all other respects, which any Recognizance now by Law has:

And whenever the Condition of any such Recognizance shall be to appear at Assizes or Quarter Sessions, or at any Place other than before any Justice or Justices, or to perform the Duties of Petty Sessions Clerk, it shall be forwarded to the Clerk of the Crown or Peace as herein-before provided, and shall be liable, upon any Breach of the Condition thereof, to be estreated in the same Manner as any forfeited Recognizance to appear is now by Law liable to be estreated by the Court before which the principal Party thereto shall have been bound to appear: But whenever the Condition of such Recognizance shall be to keep the Peace, or to appear before any Justice out of Quarter Sessions, or to perform the Duties of a Pound Keeper, it sbaD be deposited with the Clerk of Petty Sessions of the District by the Justice by whom it shall have been taken, and upon Non-

Krformance of the Condition thereof any Justice who may then there present may certify on the Recognizance the Nonperformance of the said Condition, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Justices sitting at the Petty Sessions of the District^ and in open Court, upon Proof of the Nonperformance of the said Condition, to make an Order to estreat such Recognizance to such Amount as they shall see fit, and thereupon to issue a Warrant (E a.) to levy such Amount by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties who shall have acknowledged the same: Provided always, that in every Case where any Justices shall order any Such Recognizance to be estreated, Proof shall be first made on Oath that Notice in Writing (stating the general Grounds on which it is intended to sustain the Application) was left at the usual Place of Abode of the Party, or of each of the Parties if more than One, against whom it is sought to put

8, 1011

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

731

Offencet against this Act,

such Recognizance in force, at least Seven Days before the Day oh which the Application to estreat such Recognizance shall be made.

XXXV. Any of the Officers or Persons herein* after mentioned who shall commit any of the Offences or Neglectp hereinafter mentioned, and who shall be convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the County sitting at Petty Sessions, shall be liable to forfeit for every such Offence or Neglect the Penalties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

Any Clerk of Petty Sessions who shall neglect or refuse to Entry of enter any Summons in the Order required under the Summon8es' Provisions of this Act shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings:

Any Clerk of Petty Sessions who shall demand or receive clerk taking any other or different Fees, or any greater Amount of Fe^.hia Fees, as to any Proceedings in any Case, than he can legally demand or receive under this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds:

Any Person who whilst he shall hold the Office of Petty perk engaging Sessions Clerk shall practise as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Case at such Petty Sessions or at the Quarter ^tb his Duties. Sessions of the Division of the County in which such Petty Sessions shall be situated, or who shall act as the Clerk of any Attorney or Solicitor so practising, or as the Clerk of a Poor Law Union, or as a Collector of any Public Tax, or as a Pound Keeper, or as the Keeper or Partner in keeping any Inn or Public House, or who shall engage in any other Business or Occupation which the Justices or the Lord Lieutenant shall have forbidden as inconsistent with his Duties as Petty Sessions Clerk, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds:

Any Summons Server or other Person who shall make any wilful Default in serving any Summons shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings:

Any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, or other Person Constabulary, who shall wilfully neglect to return any unexecuted WarraS" Warrant at the Time required by the Justices, or who or committing shall commit any wilful Default in respect to the Exe- any wilful cution of the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not De&ult-exceeding Five Pounds:

Any Person in whose Possession any Books, Papers, or other Retaining Effects belonging to the Justices at Petty Sessions, or Booksf&c10"8 relating to such Court, shall be, upon or after the Death, °° Resignation, Suspension, or Dismissal of any Petty Sessions Clerk, and who shall refuse to deliver up the same to the Sub-Inspector or Head Constable or other Person directed by the Justices under the Provisions of this Act to demand the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds:

Any Person who shall oppose or hinder any Search under any Hindering Warrant issued by the Justices for thqjpjgppy^of any

Service of Summonses.

I

732

Any other Neglect of Duty.

Justices may award the foregoing Penalties.

Forms of Procedure *

Forms in the Schedule to be deemed valid, fend the proper Forms in all Proceedings, but Informality not to vitiate any Proceeding.

Form of Order Book may be extended.

Warrants, &c. need not be sealed.

General Terms to be used in the Forms of Procedure.

Description of the Property of Partners, &c.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

such Books, Papers, or other Effects, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds:

Any Person having any other Duty to perform under the Provisions of this Act, and who shall wilfully neglect to perform the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds:

And it shall be lawful for the said Justices to award the said Penalties; and if the same shall be imposed upon any Member of the Constabulary Force, the Amount shall be deducted from his Pay; but if imposed on any other Person, then in default of Payment thereof forthwith, or at such Time as the Justices shall fix, such Person may be committed to Prison for the like Period, in proportion to the Amount of the Penalty imposed, for which the Justices are authorized to commit any Offender in default of Distress for any other Penalty under the Provisions of this Act

XXXVI. In all Proceedings under this Act the several Forms in the Schedule to this Act contained, or Forms to the like Effect, shall be deemed good, valid, and sufficient in Law, and shall be the proper Forms to be used, even in Cases in which other and different special Forms shall be or shall have been provided by the particular Act or Acts under which the Information or Complaint shall be made; but no Departure from any of the said first-mentioned Forms, or Omission of any of the Particulars required thereby, or Use of any other Words than those indicated in such Forms, shall vitiate or make void the Proceeding or Matter to which the same shall relate, if the Form used be otherwise sufficient in Substance and Effect, and the Words used clearly express the Intention of the Person who shall use the same; and it shall be sufficient in any of the Forms provided by this Act to state Sums of Money either in Words or Figures, according as the Person using the same shall see fit: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, from Time to Time, with the Advice and Consent of the Privy Council, to extend the said Form of Order Book (D.) so far as to adapt it to any like Proceedings either new or not provided for therein: Provided also, that the Sealing of any Warrant or other Form of Procedure under this Act shall not be necessary in addition to the Signature of the Justice by whom the same shall be signed.

XXXVII. And with a view to simplify Forms, the Prosecutor or Party at whose Instance the Proceeding shall take place may be termed in such Forms the " Complainant," whether he shall be an Informant or Prosecutor or otherwise; and the Matter of the Proceeding may be termed the w Complaint," whether founded on an Information or otherwise; and in Summary Proceedings the Decision of the Justices may be termed their " Order," whether the same shall be a Conviction or otherwise.

XXXVIII. It shall be sufficient, in any Information or Complaint, or the Proceedings thereon, to describe the Property belonging to or in the Possession of Partners, Joint Tenants, Parceners, or Tenants in Common, as the Property of any One of

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

Cap. 93.

of such Persons who shall be named, and of another or others, without naming them, as the Case may be; and any Work or Building made, maintained, or repaired at the Expense of any County or Place, or any Materials for the making, altering, or repairing of the same, as the Property of the Inhabitants of such County or Place respectively; and any Goods provided by Guardians of the Poor or their Officers respectively for the Use of the Poor, as the Goods of the Guardians of the Poor of the Union to which the same belong, without naming any of them; and any Materials and Tools provided for the Repair of Highways at the Expense of Baronies or other Districts in which such Highways may be situate as the Property of the County Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, without naming him or them; and any Materials or Tools provided for making or repairing any Turnpike Road, and any Buildings, Gates, Lamps, Boards, Stones, Posts, Fences, or other Things erected or provided for the Purpose of any Such Turnpike Road, as the Property of the Commissioners or Trustees of such Turnpike Road, without naming them; and any Property of any Persons described in any Act of Parliament, or in any Charter or Letters of Incorporation, as Commissioners, Directors, Trustees, or by any other general Designation whatsoever, as the Property of such Commissioners, Directors, Trustees, or Persons described by such other general Designation, without naming them; and whenever it may be necessary to mention any of such Persons or Parties in any Suit, Information, or Complaint, it shall be sufficient to describe them in manner aforesaid.

XXXIX. In Cases of Summary Proceedings no Variance between the Information or Complaint and the Evidence adduced in support thereof, as to the Time at which the Offence or Cause of Complaint shall be alleged to have been committed or to have arisen, shall be deemed material, if it be proved that such Information or Complaint was in fact laid or made within the Time limited by Law for laying or making the same; and any Variance between such Information or Complaint and the Evidence adduced in support thereof, as to the Place in which the same shall be alleged to have been committed or to have arisen, shall not be deemed material, provided that the said Offence or Cause be proved to have been committed or to have arisen within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices by whom such Information or Complaint shall be heard and determined; and no Objection shall be taken or allowed in any Proceedings to any Information, Complaint, Summons, Warrant, or other Form of Procedure under this Act, for any alleged Defect therein in Substance or in Form, or for any Variance between any Information, Complaint, or Summons and the Evidence adduced on the Part of the Complainant or Prosecutor at the Hearing of the Case in Summary Proceedings, or at the Examination of the Witnesses by a Justice or Justices in Proceedings for Indictable Offences: Provided always, that if any such Variance or Defect shall appear to the Justice or Justices at the Hearing to be such that the Defendant has been thereby deceived $jzjp^led, it shall be

733

of the Property of Counties;

of the Property in Goods provided for the Poor;

of the Probity in Materials for Roads;

of the Property in Materials for Turnpike Roads, &c.

of the Property of Commissioners, &c.

No Objection to be allowed for any Variance between Information and Evidence as to Time or Place of committing Offence, if Information be in lime, &c.

Nor for Defect of Substance or Form in Warrant, or for any Variance between it and Evidence; but if Party charged is de- . ceived by such Variation, &c. he may be committed or discharged upon Recognizance till adjourned Hearing.

14 & 15 VIC£

Miscellaneous.

No Stamps on Receipts. Act not to extend to Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

Act shall not extend to Revenue, &c. Cases.

After Commencement of this Act the following Statutes and Parts of Statutes repealed:

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 67.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. 34.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 70.

12 & IS Vict. c. 69.

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland) *

be lawful for such Justice or Justices, upon such Terms as he or they shall think fit, to adjourn the Hearing of the Case to some future Day, and in the meantime; in Cases of Proceedings for Offences, to commit the said Defendant to Gaol, or to discharge him, upon his entering into a Recognizance conditioned for his Appearance at the Time and Place to which such Hearing shall be so adjourned.

XL. No Receipt required to be given under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty payable to the Crown.

XLI. Nothing in this Act shall extend to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or alter or affect in any Manner whatsoever any of the Provisions or Enactments contained in any Act regulating the Powers and Duties of Justices of the Peace or of the Police of the District of Dublin Metropolis, or be deemed applicable in any way to the same, save so far as relates to the backing or executing of any Warrants, or to alter the Provisions of any Act or Acts whereby any Part of any County is annexed for the Purpose of Criminal Proceedings to any other County, or whereby any Offences committed in One County are authorized to be tried in any other County.

XLII. Nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Information or Complaint or other Proceeding under or by virtue of any of the Acts relating to Her Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs, Stamps, Taxes, or Post Office^ or relating to the Preservation of Game, except that all Proceedings as to the same may be in the Forms of Procedure required by this Act, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

XLIII. The following Acts and Parts of Acts, so far as the same relate to Ireland, shall, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, so far as relates to any Proceeding by Justices in or out of Petty Sessions; and an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, so far as relates to any Proceedings by Justices in or out of Petty Sessions; and an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of At Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, with respect to Persons charged with Indictable Offences; and an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, with respect to Summary Convictions and

Order*}

735

Petty Sessions (Ireland).. Cap. 93.

Orders; and all other Act or Acts or Parts of Acts which are Mi$cdkuuou* inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, except as to Pro- Provisions. ceedings now pending to which the same or any of them are applicable.

XLIV. In the Interpretation of this Act and of the Sche- Interpretation dales thereto annexed, save where there is anything in the of Tenns* Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " County " shall be deemed to include " County of a City, "

"County of a Town," or "Riding of a County," as the Case may be; the Expression " Summary Jurisdiction " shall be deemed to mean any Case as to which a Summary Conviction or Order may be made by a Justice or Justices out of Quarter Sessions; and Summary Proceedings" shall mean any Proceedings in respect to such Case; the Word " Complaint " shall include " Information," and " Complainant " shall include " Informant " or u Prosecutor;" the Word " Order " shall include " Conviction;" the Words " Lord Lieutenant " shall include any other " Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland the Word " Quarter Sessions " shall include any General Sessions of the Peace for the County; the Word " Justice" shall mean " Justice of the Peace," and shall include the " Chief Magistrate " for the Time being or the " Borough Justices " of any Corporate Town; the Word " Constabulary" shall mean the Constabulary Force of Ireland; the Words " proper Officer of the Recorder's Court" shall mean the Town Clerk where there shall be a Town Clerk, and where there shall be no Town Clerk, the Person whose Duty it shall be to make Entries of the Proceedings; the Word " Month "

shall mean " Calendar Monththe Word " Gaol " shall include any " House of Correction " or " Bridewell," or other " Place " of Imprisonment of the County; the Word " Keeper of the Gaol" shall include "Bridewell Keeper," or the Keeper or Governor of any other Prison; the Word "Goods" shall include "Chattels;" and the Word "Oath " shall include " Affirmation " or " solemn Declaration," as the Case may be; and the References in this Act by Letters to the Forms to be used shall be to the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XLV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, or in Short Title of any legal or other Instruments or Proceedings, it shall be ct' sufficient to use the Expression " The Petty Sessions (Ireland)

Act, 1851."

XLVI. The First and Second Sections of this Act shall com- Commencement mence and take effect upon the passing of the Act, and the other of Acl* Sections of the Act shall commence and take effect upon the First Dot of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XLVII. This Act shall extend and be construed to extend Act to extend to Ireland only, save and except the several Provisions herein- ^nottoaffect before contained respecting the backing and Execution of War- jurisdiction of rants and the taking of Examinations; and nothing in this Act Court of shall be deemed to alter or affect the Jurisdiction or Practice of ^ueen s Bench* the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

XLVIII. The Schedule to this Act annexed shall be deemed fhed"le'to to be Part ofthia Act Part of AeL

14 & 15 Vict«

Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland).

* #* The Words in the Margin in Italics, or Words to the like Effect, are to be used according to the Circumstances of each Case.

(') Oath or Affirmation.

(*) State Cause of Comflaixt, with Time and Place.

Adding: —

For the Arrest of a Witness And he further saith that X. Y. can give material Evidence, but is not likely to attend voluntarily; or, (and is keeping out of the way of personal Service of Summons); or, for Sureties for the Peace, And he makes this Information for the Safety of his Person and Property, and not from Malice or Revenge against the said C.D.

SCHEDULE.

Forms (A.) — Proofs.

(A a.) Information.

---- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of -

---- Defendant J County of -

The Information of A.B. of M.N. who saith on his (*) that (*)

Taken before me, this Day of, in

the Year Eighteen hundred and fifty at in the said County.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

(A b.) Deposition of a Witness.

(l) Cause of Complaint, with ---- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of -

Time and Place. — l ---- Defendant. J County of -

(f) Oath or Affirmation. The Dep0S; tion of X. Y. of M. N.9 taken in the Pre-

possiWe Pin^the Words^o/ th£ sence an(^ Hearing of C. D., who stands charged that (l)

Witness, and to be signed by The said Deponent saith on his (2)

him, if he will that (3) ,

O Cause of Complaint, with Time and Place.

(*) Statement of Prisoner in his very Words, or as nearly so as possible, and to be signed by him, if lie will.

(Ac.) Statement of the Accused.

---- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of-

---- Defendant J County of -

A Charge having been made against C.D. before the undersigned Justice that (*)

and the said Charge having been read to the said C.D., and the Witnesses for the Prosecution having been severally examined in his Presence, and the said C.D. having been first duly cautioned that he was not obliged to say anything, but that whatever he did say might be given in Evidence against him upon his Trial, saith as follows: (2)

Taken before me this Day of in

the Year Eighteen hundred and fifty at in said County.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

In all Forms of Procedure the Name and Description of each Party is to be specified in like Maimer and with the same Particulars as is required by this Act (Sect. XXXV.) as to any Party bound by a Recognizance.

The Informant or Witness may be bound to prosecute or give Evidence by the following Form of

Recognizance at Foot of his Information or Deposition:

And the said Informant (or Deponent) binds himself to attend at on the to prosetute

(or to give Evidence) against the said C.D. for the said Offence, or otherwise to forfeit to the Crown the Sum of

Signed__________ Informant (or Deponent),

Taken before me this Day of in the Year Eighteen hundred and fifty at

in the said County.

Signed__________ Justice of said County.

Cap. 93.

737

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

(A d.) Solemn Declaration.

---- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of -

---- Defendant. J County of -

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare. That (*) (*) Maiiie of r)ecUr*tion '

and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

Signed__________

Made and subscribed before me, this

Day of . in the Year Eighteen hundred

and

Signed__________Justice of said County.

Forms (B.) — Process to enforce Appearance.

(B a.) Summons.

---- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of--

---- Defendant J County of -

Whereas a Complaint has been made to me that (l) iime and *

This is to command you to appear as a (*) (*) Insert: Defendant or Witness.

on the Hearing of said Complaint at on the Day of at o'Clock,

before such Justices as shall be there.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

This Day of 185 .

To of

(B b.) Warrant to arrest

---- Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of--

---- Defendant J County of---

Whereas a Complaint has been made on Oath and in Writing that (*)

and (2)

This is to command you to whom this Warrant is addressed to arrest the said

g.

and to bring him before me or some other Justice of the County to answer to the said Complaint.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

This Day of 185 .

To (4)__________of >__________

(l) Cause of Complaint, with Time and Place.

(*) If the Case be so, add —

For Defendant,

Whereas the said C.D. has neglected to appear in obedience to a Summons.

For Witness,

Whereas Oath has been made that X.Y. can give material Evidence, but will not attend voluntarily; or, is purposely keeping out of the way of personal Service of a Summons. If after Indictment —

It has been certified to me that (state as in Certificate of Clerk of Crown or Peace).

(*) Parson against wham Warrant is issued.

(4) Address.

" The Sub-Inspector of Constabulary* or Name of Person who is to execute the Warrant.

738 Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT,;

0) In binding a Party, $*c., Hat* Cause of Complaint, with Time and Place:

In binding Petty Sessions Clerk or Pound Keeper, state Fact of his Appointment.

Form (C.) — Recognizance (to appear, &c.)

— ---- Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of -

---- Defendant. J County of -

Whereas (*)

(*) Obligation.

m Agnze*' The undersigned principal Party to this Recognizance

or Petty Sessions.) at on hereby binds himself to perform the following Obligate Day of at tion, viz., to (*)

o'clock, and there:— >

To prefer (or prosecute, or give Evidence upon) a Bill of Indictment against the said C.D. for the said Offence;

or r

To surrender himself to the 1

Keeper of the Gad at F, and plead to any Indictment found against him for said Offence, and take his Trio! for the same; or

To prosecute (or answer) to said.

Complaints

To prosecute hie Appeal against the Order made on the Day

of upon the said Complaint,

and net depart the Court without Leave;

or

To keep the Peace (and be of good Behaviour) towards all Her Majesty's Subjectst and parti-

cularly towards A.B. for the Space of;

or

To perform faithfully and diligently the several Duties required of him as Petty Sessions Clerk under the Provisions ofu The Petty Sessions Act, Ireland, 1851.;" or

To perform faithfully and diligently the several Duties required of him. as Pound Keeper under the Provisions of 41 The Summary Jurisdiction Act, Ireland, \ 1851.

And the said principal Party, together with the' undersigned Sureties, hereby severally acknowledge themselves bound to forfeit to the Crown the Sums following, viz.: — The said principal Party the Sum o{ and the said Sureties the Sum of each, in case the said principal Party fails to perform the* above Obligation.

{M.N. ---- Principal Party.

Taken before me this Day of at

Signed

Justice of said County.

(s) Forfeiture.

(4) Estreat.

I certify that the said M. N. has not performed the above Obligation.

Signed__________Justice (or Clerk of Peace, &c.)

This Day of 185 .

I order that the Sum of be levied off the

Goods of the said M.N., and the Sum of off the Goods of each of the said Sureties O.P. and Q.B.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

This Day of 185 .

Fobm (D.) — Order Book.

Co"'y of ---- . Petty Sessions of-

Month of Parties, &c. Cause OF Complaint. Order. Whether Sums paid in Court, or Warrant issued.

Name of Case. — — Campt. v. Deft. Witnesses examined. Name, Description, and Residence of Person against whom Order is made. i Sums awarded. | 2. Imprisonment. 3. Special Or*>fr. Act under which Order is made. Signature of Justice

To whom. Crown - - Complainant Costs Amount to each. When to be paid. In what Event. In addition, or In default of Payment (or of Distress). For what Period, and whether with or without Hard Labour. Ejectment — 7Y> be ejected from ths Premises of in Days. Dismissal — This Complaint to be dismissed on the Merits (or without _ Prejudice) with Costs C to Defendant.

No. (for the Month.) £ E. d.

-, - _ '

i

1851. Petty Sessions (Ireland). Cap. 93. 739

Cap. 93.

Petty Sessions (Ireland).

14 & 15 VICT.

l!

a.

8

(!) Cause of Complaint, with Time and Place. In Ejectments, Vie Defendant had refuted to give up to the Plaintiff Possession of situate at

on the Termination of his Tenancy. (*) Person against whom Order was made.

(*) Order.

Fine or Debt. To pay for 8 Fine (or Debt) the Sum of § and for Costs the

Sum of (forthwith),

or (in Days).

And also in addition, or And in default of Payment (or Distress). Imprisonment. To he imprisoned for the Period of with (or without) Hard Labour.

Ejectment. To be ejected from said Premises in Days, and

pay the Sum of to the Com-

vlainnnt for Costs.

Dismissal. That his Complaint be dismissed on the Merits (or without Prejudice), and that he do pay the Sum of to the

Defendant for Costs.

(4) Recitals.

After Appeal. The Court of Appeal decided on the Day

of that (Order).

No Distress. He has (or admits that he hasf or it has been returned to a Warrant of Distress that he has) no Goods. Distress ruinous. A Distress would be ruinous to him (or to his Family).

(*) Execution.

" To distrain. 7b levy said Sums by Distress and Sale of his Goods.

And in addition, or And in default of Distress.

To commit. To lodge him in the Gaol at F., to be imprisoned there for the S Period of with (cr

5 without) Hard Labour £ (unless said Sums be sooner paid).

To eject. 7o enter and give Possession of said Premises to the Complainant or his Agent in 'Days. () Payment.

In all Warrants to Constabulary insert " Clerk of Petty Sessions." In all other Warrants insert Name of Person to whom Sum was ordered to be paid, if the Justices so think fit.

O Address.

" The Sub-Inspector (or Head Constable) of Constabulary, or Name of Person who is to exe-te the Warrant.

Forms (E.) — Warrants.

(E a) Warrant of Execution (Summary Jurisdiction).

---- Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of--

---- Defendant. J County of -

Whereas upon the Hearing of a Complaint that (l)

an Order was made on the Day of

by the Justices present against the said: —

(2)__________

of__________t

to the following Effect, viz.: — ($)

o

12

* 3

Si

Si

a-o

And whereas (4)

And whereas the said Order has not been complied with This is to command you to whom this Warrant is addressed to execute the said Order against the said Person as follows: — (6)

And for this the present Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to all to whom it may concern.

The Sum levied to be paid to ()

The Warrant to be returned in executed.

Days if not

Signed

ToO.

This

_____Justice of said County

Day of 185 .

of

Petty Sessions (Ireland),

Cap. 93.

741

(E b) Warrant to commit (or detain) for Trial, tfc.

- Complainant 1 Petty Sessions District of-

- Defendant J County of -

Whereas a Complaint was made on the on the Oath of JC K

that (*) and (*)

Day of

This is to command yon to whom this Warrant is addressed to lodge the said

(8)__________

of__________

in the Gaol at F., there to be imprisoned by the Keeper of said Gaol, as follows: — (4)

And for this the present Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to all whom it may concern.

(*) Cause of Coxtlaikt, with Time and Place.

(*) Recitals.

If Indictment found —

Whereas a Bill of Indictment has been found against the said C.D. for the said Offence *

A djoumraent* —

Whereas the Hearing of the said Complaint has been adjourned to' the Dag of at

Remands on Arrest —

Whereas the said CD. has been brought before me under a Warrant of Arrest, and the said Complaint is to be heard on the Dag of

at

Refractory Witness Whereas X. Y., a material Witness, has, without just Excuse, refused to make Oath as a Witness (or to answer certain Questions) (or to enter into Recognizance to give Evidence on the Trial of the said C.D.) in that Behalf

(*) Name of Person to be committed.

(*) Period of Imprisonment For Trial —

Until his Trial for said Offence, and he shall be discharged bg due course of Law.

For Witness —

Until the Trial of the scud C.D. unless he shall in the meantime enter into such Recognizance as required (or until the Dag of unless he shall in the meantime consent to answer as required).

For Adjournments —

Until the above Time of Adjournment (or Hearing) when he shall have him at the above Place.

Signed_

(*) To.

This

of

Justice of said County. > A]1Mnt

T\__ c u The Sub-Inspector (or Head

° Constable) of Constabulary, *' or

3 A 3

Name of Person who is to execute the Warrant

r

742 Cap. 88. Petty Sessions (Ireland)... 14 & 15 Yld

(E c) Warrant to convey before a Justice of another County. ' 1

..... Complainant. 1 Petty Serious District of -

---- Defendant. J County of — r — — *-

p Cause of Complaint, with Whereas a Complaint was made that (6) imean ace. And whereas I nave taken, the Deposition of X.Y.

as to the said Offence.

And whereas the other Witnesses reside in the county of.

This is to command you to convey the said

(*) Namx of accused Person.

of

() Address.

" The Sub-Inspector (or Head Constable) of Constabularyor Name of Person who is to execute the Warrant.

before some Justice of the last-mentioned County, near the above Place, and to deliver to him this Warrant and the said Deposition.

Signed__________Justice of the first-mentioned

County.

This Day of 185 .

To (*)__________of__________

Cause of Complaint, with 'imeand Place, t*) Name of Prisoner.

(') Recitals.

For Accused,

Was committed to take his Trial for said Offence, but has now duty entered .into Recognizance to appear for that Purpoee.

For Witness,

Was committed for refusing to snter into Recognizance to give Evidence on the Trial of C.D. for said Offence, but has now done so (or and Vie said C.D. for Want of Evidence has not been bailed or committed).

(4) Address.

(E d) Warrant to discharge from Gaol; Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of-Defendant. J County of -

Whereas a Complaint was made that (') and whereas the said

(S)__________:__________1__________

Of__________

(')

This is to command you to discharge the said Person so committed, unless he shall be in your Custody for some other Cause.

Signed__________ Justice of said County.

This Day of 185 .

(4) To the Keeper of the Gaol at__________

(*) Description of Articles stolen.

(f) Address.

" The Sub. Inspector (or Head Constable) of Constabulary, or Name of Person who is to execute the Warrant.

(E e) Warrant to search.

---- Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of -

---- Defendant J County of -

Whereas it appears on the Oath of A.B. of M. Nn that the following Articles of Property, viz. (*) were stolen, and that there is Reason to suspect that the same is concealed in at

This is, therefore, to authorize and require you to enter in the Daytime into the said Premises, and to search for said Property, and to bring the same and the Persons in whose Possession the same may be found before me or some other Justice.

Signed__________Justice of said County.

This- Day of 185 .

(s) T__________

1951* i- Petty Sessions (Ireland)., Cap. 08.)

Form (F.)-^Recript for Prisoner.

____ County of — ---- *' ...

I hereby certify, that I have received from A.B, (, ). (*) Nam *, Rank, &o. c. of the Body of C.D., together with a Warrant t

iWler the Hand of J.S., Esq., Justice for the County of, and that the said Prisoner was

into my Custody.

Signed_

\f

This

rm

at the Time he was so delivered P " *>ber" or M the Case may

be.

Keeper of the Gaol at

Day of 185

Forms (G.) — Indorsements on Warrants .;

(') (G a) I certify that after diligent Search (and Pmonor Good*,

for the following Reasons): (} The Person,

Sufficient Goode of the Person,

against whom the within Warrant was issued, cannot be found.

Signed

This

{To whom this Warrant was delivered for Execution. Day of 185 .

(G b) I (*) that I have Reason to believe

that the Person against whom the within Warrant was issued (8)

at in the County of and that

I believe the Signature to the within Warrant to be in the Handwriting of the said Justice.

Signed______

This

To

{To whom this Warrant was delivered for Execution. Djiy of 185 .

of

Ck rti picatx of no Person or Goods.

(f) For Constabulary — Certify For Bailiff — Make Oath.

(*) Is to be found, or.

Has Goods.

(G c) It being (4) to

me as above, I hereby indorse the within Warrant for Execution in said County of ---- (5) (or Metro-

politan District or other Place).

Signed__________

Inspector General (or Deputy, or Justice). This Day of 185 .

To

Backing by Inspector General or other Justice.

(4) For Commissioners of Police or Constabulary — Certified. '

For Bailiff — 'Proved on Oath,

(*) In Backing Warrant to arrest, add, if so intended — and to bring the said Person before me or some other Justice of said County.

3 A 4

744 Cap. 93. Petty Sessions (Ireland). 14 & 15 VICT.

Form (H.) — Appeal.

---- Complainant. 1 Petty Sessions District of-

---- Defendant J County of -

TimCe"andPkcf0^1"' I certify, that upon the Hearing of a Complaint that 0

(*) Persow against whom Order vu made.

(*) Order.

"I Fine or Debt . To pay the Sum rg of to the Crown, and the Sum of to the Complain-S ant, with Costs (forth-2^ with), or (in Days),

2 o And. in addition, or

.3 g f And in default of Payment

5.-X3 for Distress).

E'r3 Imprisonment. Tobeimpri-soned for the Period of c with (or without llard La-

J 6our.

Ejectment. To be ejected from sa id Premises in Days, and pay the ' Sum of to the Complainant fur Costs.

Dismissal. That his Complaint be dismissed on the Merits (or without Prejudice), and that he do pay the Sum of to the Complainant for Costs.

an Order was made on the

the Justices present against the said of

Day of

to the following Effect, viz .: (8)

Signed

This

Justice of the said County. Day of 185

The Person against whom said Order was made hereby appeals against the same to the next Court of Quarter Sessions (or Recorder's Sessions) to be held at

Signed^__________Appellant

This Day of 185 .

Certificate by Clerk of Petty I certify, that Notice of said Appeal was duly given. SeMl0Ils* And that the said Appellant has duly entered into

a Recognizance to prosecute said Appeal.

Signed__________

Clerk of above Petty Sessions.

This Day of 185 .

Certificate by Clerk of Peace or Officer of Recorder's Court of Order made on Appeal.

I certify, that upon the Hearing of said Appeal on the Day of the Court of Quarter

Sessions (or Recorder) ordered that (state Order). Signed__________

Clerk of the Peace (or Officer of the Recorder's Court). This Day of 185 .

1851« Petty Session* (Ireland). Cap. 93. 745

Forms (I.) — Certificates.

(I a) Certificate of Order.

— Complainant "I Petty Sessions District of -

---- Defendant. J County of -

I certify, that upon the Hearing of a Complaint that (M (*) Cads* of Cokflaiwt, with

Time and Place. In Ejectments, the Defendant had refuted to give up to the Plaintiff Possession of situate at on tha

Termination of hit Tenancy,

an Order was made on the Day of by the Justices present, against (*) of

to the following Effect, viz.: — (8)

Signed

Justice of said County.

(*) Persox against whom Order was made.

(f) Order.

pine or Debt. To pay for Fine (or Debt) the Sum of and far Carte the Sum of (forth-

with), or (in Days). And in addition, or And in default of Payment (or Distress). Imprisonment. To be imprisoned for the Period of with (or without) Hard Labour.

Ejectment. To be ejected from said Premises in Days, and

pay the Sum of to the Complainant for Costs,

Dismissal. That his Complaint be dismissed on the Merits (or without Prejudice), and that ha do pay the Sum of to the Defendant for Costs,

c

0 a

I u

S3

i

C-o

g *-

1 °

k

eu

This Day 185 .

(I b) Of Indictment being found.

County of -

I hereby certify that at the (') held at in the said County on the

Day of a Bill of Indictment

was found by the Grand Jury against C.D., therein described as C.D. of N.> for that on the Day. of at (*)

and that the said C.D, has not appeared or pleaded to said Indictment

Dated this Day of

Signed__________

(*) " Court of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery," or Court of Quarter Sessions,

(*) Offence as in Indictment.

Clerk of Crown [or Peace], Day of 185 .

4.

This

34B .Cap. 93, 94. I&ty Setsioms: (Ireland). 14 & 15, Vfl*.

(I c.) Of Consent to Bail.

Petty Sessions District of -

County of -

Whereas on the Day of C.Z).

was committed to the Gaol at charged with

<*) Orrntc*.

I hereby consent to the said C.Z). being bailed by Recognizance, himself in the Sum of and

[Two] Sureties in the Sum of each *

Signed__________Justice of said County.

This Day of 185 .

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to define and amend the Mineral Customs of certain Parts of the Hundred of High Peak in the County of JDerby, Part of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster; to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in the Bar-mote Courts therein; and to improve the Practice and Proceedings of the said Courts.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right 4 of Her Duchy of Lancaster is seised to Her and Her

Heirs and Successors of and in the Hundred of High Peak in [the County of Derby, and is entitled to the Mineral ' Duties in certain Parts of the Hundred of High Peak: And whereas within the said Hundred there is a District called ' the Kincfs Field, otherwise the King's Fee, which consists of Seven smaller Liberties or Districts, to wit, Castleton, Bradwell\. Hucklow, Winster, Moniash, Tadding ton, and Upper Haddon: And whereas all the Subjects of this Realm have from Time immemorial had or claimed to have a Right to search for, sink, and dig Mines or Veins of Lead Ore within the King's Field aforesaid, subject to certain ancient Mineral Laws and Customs, and upon paying certain Duties to Her Majesty and Her Predecessors, and Her and their Lessees for the Time being: And whereas for the Regulation of the said Mines, and for deciding Questions of Title and other Matters relating thereto, there have existed within the King's Field aforesaid certain Courts called the Great Barmote Court and the Small Barmote Court: And whereas the Mineral Laws and Customs of the King's Field aforesaid are uncertain and undefined, and are in many respects inapplicable to the present Mining Operations within the King's Field aforesaid: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Jurisdiction of the Barmote-Courts extends over such Parts of the said Hundred of High Peak within which Her said Majesty is entitled to the

J8dV, ' -Dxichy of Lancaster. »Odp. 94. W?

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral 'Courts.)

4 Mineral Duties, but which are not included in the King's /?

Field aforesaid, although the same Rights of Mining are ' exercised therein: And whereas it is advisable that the said ' Mineral Laws and Customs should be revised* altered, and ' amended so as to be made applicable to the present State of Mining Operations within the said Hundred, and that the Jurisdiction of the said Great and Small Barmote Courts ' should be more clearly defined and settled: And whereas the Most Noble William Spencer Duke of Devonshire is the f Lessee of the said Duties by Grant under the Seal of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: .

I. That in citing this Act in. other Acts of Parliament, and Short Title, in legal Instruments, and on all other Occasions, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851," and that the Schedules to this Act>shall be considered as forming Part thereof.

II. That in construing this Act the following Words and Interpretation Expressions shall have the Meaning hereby assigned to them, Clau*«-.. :r unless there be something in the Context of the Act repugnant

to Such Construction; that is to say,

The Word " Steward" shall mean Deputy Steward:

Thfc Words 44 County Court" shall mean any County Court having Jurisdiction over any Part of the District over which the Barmote Courts have Jurisdiction by this Act: *

The Word "Gift" shall mean the setting out by the Bar-master of any Ground in manner hereinafter provided:

The Word " Founder" shall mean the Point at which a Vein of Ore shall be first found; and the Words "Founder Meers" shall mean the Two first Meers to be set out to the Finder under the Provisions of this Act:

The Words f' Mine or Mines, Vein or Veins," shall mean a Mine or Mines, Vein or Veins, of Lead Ore, and shall include Parts of or Shares in any Mine or Vein as well as entire Mines and Veins, and all Minerals containing Lead Ore:

The Ward " Ore" shall mean Lead Ore and Belland exclusively:

- The Word " Barmaster " shall include Deputy Barmasters:

The Words " Mineral Property " shall include Mines and Veins of Lead, and Parts of or Shares in any such Mines or Veins* and the Works, Rights, and Appurtenances connected therewith, and also Lead Ore, and all Tools,

Materials, Goods, Chattels, and Effects used in searching for, getting, cleansing, or preparing Lead Ore, whether such Tools, Materials, Goods, Chattels, or Effects be or be found in or upon any. Mine or Works or elsewhere.

III. From

V by

Steward *

Steward may appoint a Deputy.

Duties of Steward.

III. From and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Queen's most Excellent Majesty and Her Successors to nominate and appoint, from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, a fit and proper Person, being a Barrister-at-Law of Five Years standing or a Member of One of the Inns of Court who has practised as a Special Pleader for Ten Years, or an Attorney or Solicitor of some of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster of Seven Years standing, to be and to be called the Steward of the High Peak Barmote Courts, and such Steward shall hold his Office during the Will and Pleasure of Her Majesty and Her Successors.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Steward to appoint from Time to Time a Deputy Steward qualified to be appointed Steward of the said Court, to act for him at any Time when he shall be prevented by Illness or unavoidable Absence from acting ia such Office, and to remove such Deputy at his Pleasure, and such Deputy while acting under such Appointment shall haw the like Powers and Privileges, and be subject to the like Provisions, Duties, and Penalties for Misbehaviour, as if he were the Steward of the Court for the Time being.

V. The Duties of the said Steward shall be to receive and enter Plaints in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, which may be in the Form comprised in the Second Schedule to this Act; to issue Summonses; to hold and preside at the Great and Small Barmote Courts; to issue Precepts under his Hand to the Barmaster for summoning the Attendance of the Grand Jury on Views and at the Great Barmote Courts, and also Precepts to the Barmaster for summoning and impannelling Jurors for the Trials of Causes at the Small Barmote Courti; to administer Oaths to the Barmaster, Deputy Barmaster, Juron, Witnesses, or other Persons (at mid out erf the Great and Small Barmote Courts); to preside as Judge on the Trial of Causes at the Small Barmote Courts; to tax Costs in all Cases where by this Act Costs are or may be given; to attend and preside at Views; to sign and issue Subpoenas for the summoning of Witnesses and the Process of the Courts, both mesne and final, and all Buies and Orders of the Courts, and Warrants for enfoickg the Judgments of the Courts, and levying Penalties; to make Returns to Writs of Certiorari; to advise the Barmasters and Grand Juries and other Juries upon Matters of Law, and all other Matters connected with their respective Duties; to affix the Seal of the Barmote Courts to such Documents as re-

2uire the same; to hear and determine Applications to the lourts which do not require the Intervention of a Jury, and to make Orders thereon, upon such Terms as to the Payment of Costs by either Party or otherwise as may to him seem just; to keep the Verdicts, Judgments, Books, and Proceedings of the Great and Small Barmote Courts, and the Seal of the said Courts, and also all Books and Accounts herein-after

provided

749

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

provided to be kept and delivered to the Steward by the Bar-master, safe and in good Condition, and to deliver up the same to Her Majesty and Her Successors whenever required; and generally to do and perform such other Acts and Duties as are in this Act mentioned as Acts and Duties to be performed by die Steward.

VI. Two Great Barmote Courts shall be held every Year, Courts to be One on the First Tuesday in the Month of April, and the other held-

on the First Tuesday in the Month of October, but if the First Tuesday in April be in Passion Week or Easter Tuesday, or a Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, then such Court shall be held on the Tuesday next after, instead of being holden on such First Tuesday; and Small Barmote Courts shall be held from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, but not on the Days appointed for the holding of the Great Barmote Courts; the Great Barmote Courts shall be held at Monyask in the County of Derby, and the Small Barmote Courts at any Place within the Jurisdiction of the said Courts which may be appointed by the Steward, which Place may be varied at any Time or from Time to Time.

VII. The Matters to be transacted at the Great Barmote Business at Courts shall be the swearing in of the Grand Jury, and such Barmoie <ttbet Matters as are in this Act mentioned as being Matters to Courte* be transacted at the Great Barmote Courts; and the Matters

to be transacted at the Small Barmote Courts shall be the Trial of Actions of Title, Trespass, and Debt, and such other Matters as are in this Act mentioned as being Matters to be transacted at the Small Barmote Courts.

VIII. There shall be a Seal or Stamp provided by the Seal of the Steward, with the Words " The Seal of the High Peak Barmote Courts. Courts99 thereon, and all Proceedings in the Great and Small Barmote Courts which are required to be signed by the Steward

shall be sealed or stamped therewith.

IX. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty and Her Successors Barmaaten. to appoint during Pleasure only (by Letters Patent under Seal

of the Duchy of Lancaster) a fit and proper Person to serve the Office of Barmaster of the District within the Jurisdiction of the Barmote Courts, and to be called the Barmaster of the High Peak; and the Barmaster for the Time being may (with the Consent in Writing of the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee then with the Consent in Writing of Her Majesty or Her Successors, or of the Chancellor for the Time being of the Duchy of Lancaster,) nominate Seven fit and proper Persons to serve the Office of Deputy Barmaster, One for each of the Seven smaller Liberties or Districts aforesaid; and the Deputy Bar-master for the Time being of the Liberty or District of Castleton shall be also the Deputy Barmaster for such Part of the Hundred of High Peak aforesaid as is now vested in Her Majesty in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster, but is not within the

Ring's

m

Cap. 94:

Duchy of Lancaster.

14 & 15 Vict.

Barmaster not to be answerable for his Deputies. Removal of Deputy Bar-masters.

to

take Oath.

Duties of Head Barmaster.

Duties of Deputy Bar-masters.

(High Peak Mining (button* and Mineral Court*.)

King's Field; and such Deputy Barmasters shall respectively continue in Office during the Continuance in Office of the Bar-master by whom they were appointed, or until they shall he removed as herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that the Barmaster may, with such Consent as aforesaid, appoint the same Person to act as Deputy Barmaster for any Two or more of the said smaller Liberties.

X. The Barmaster shall not be answerable for the Acts of the Deputy Barmasters.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee then for the Chancellor for the Time being of the Duchy of Lancaster, to remove any Deputy Barmaster from his Office at the Pleasure of such Lessee and Chancellor respectively.

XII. The Bartnaiter and Deputy Barmasters respectively may act as such without being sworn, but shall, before or at the Great Barmote Court next after their respective Appointments, be respectively sworn well and truly to serve the Office to which they are appointed, or such Appointment shall be void.

XIII. The Duties of the Barmaster shall be to execute all such Precepts and Warrants as shall be directed to him, and signed by the Steward and sealed with the said Seal, to attend on Views with the Steward and Deputy Barmaster of th6 District in which the Mine to be viewed is situate, and where there is no Deputy appointed for any District, to perform all the Duties of the Office of Deputy of such District until a Deputy is appointed, and generally to do and perform such other Acts and Duties as are in this Act mentioned as being Acts or Duties to be done or performed by the Barmaster.

XIV. The Duties of the Deputy Barmasters, whether the Barmaster be absent or present, shall be, to serve Summonses in Actions in the Small Barmote Court relating to Mineral Property within their respective Districts; to serve Summonses on Jlirors within their respective Districts; to attend Views on Mines within their respective Districts; to collect the Dues payable within their respective Districts to Her Majesty and Her Successors, or to Her or their Lessee for the Time being, and to keep Accounts of such Dues; to keep a Book, and make therein written Entries and Particulars of all Meers of Ground which shall be measured and set out by them under the Provisions of this Act, and also of all Transfers of Mines which may be made as herein-after provided, and also of all Free-ings and other Matters connected with the Mines within their respective Districts; to sign such Book, and to deliver the same half-yearly, together with a fair Copy of the aforesaid Accounts and Entries, also signed by them respectively, each such half* yearly Account to end with the Twenty-fifth of March or Twenty-ninth of September, to the Steward at the Great Barmote Court next after the Day to which such Accounts shall be made up, or, with the Consent of the Steward, attoy

___i Adjournment

Ducky of Lancaster *

(High Peui Mining Customs and Mineral Courts:)

Cap. 94.

751 *

Adjournment of the said Court, to produce any such Book, and* to make and deliver other fair Copies of the aforesaid Accounts at any other Time, upon Demand being made by the Steward for the Production of any such Book, or for any such Copy; and (in all other Cases in which the Barmaster shall not be present and ohoose to perform such Duties in Person) to perform within their respective Districts all such Duties as are in this Act mentioned as forming Port of the Duties or Business of the Barmaster, and generally to assist the Barmaster, when required by him so to do, in any other.

Matters forming Part of or connected with the Duties of Bar-, master, whether in their own Districts or elsewhere within the Jurisdiction of the Barmote Courts.

X!V. The Great Barmote Court and the Small Barmotq Courts to be Court shall be Courts of Record, and the Steward shall be Judge of each of them, and may out of Court do ell such Acta of the Courts respectively as do npt require the Presence of a Jury.

XVI. The Jurisdiction of the said Great and Small Bar- Jurisdiction mote Courts and of this Act- shall be held to extend over the "d Cu*tai?s* whole of the before-mentioned District called the King's Field, and also over all the Parts of the Hundred of High Peak aforesaid in which Her Majesty in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster is entitled to the Mineral Duties, and the Mineral Daws and Customs of that Part of the s^id Hundred ovei; which the Jurisdiction of the said Great and Small Barmote Courts is hereby declared to extend shall be such as are mentioned and comprised in this Act, and no other alleged Custom or Practice shall be valid.

XVII. The Steward may in any Case, and upon such Termfc Practice ok as to the Payment of Costs by either Party or otherwise as to Courts, him shall seem just, make Orders for granting Time to the Plaintiff pr Defendant to proceed in the Prosecution or Defence of any Action, and also may from Time to Time, adjourn any Great or Small Barmote Court, or the Hearing qr further Hearing of any Cause or other Proceeding in the said Courts or either of them, or before the Steward, in such Manner as to the Steward may seem fit; and when any Court is adjourned, the Grand Jurymen and other Jurymen who shall have been summoned to such Court shall attend at the adjourned Court without any further summoning, and shall be liable to the same Penalties for not attending at an adjourned Court as for not attending upon a Summons: Provided always, that the further Hearing of any Cause or other Proceeding of which the Hearing shall have been commenced, and ip. which any Evidence shall have been given, shall not be adjourned for any longer Period than until the Day next after that on which the Adjournment takes place, or , if such next Day be Sunday, Good Friday,

Christmas Day, or ^ny Day appointed for a Public Fast or; Thanks-

Examination of Parties.

False Evidence Perjury.

Penalty for refusing to give Evidence.

Penalty for insulting Steward or Disturbance.

Grand Jury.

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Thanksgiving, then until the Day next but One after that on which the Adjournment takes place.

XVIII. On the Hearing or Trial of any Action, or on any other Proceeding under this Act, the Parties thereto, their Wives, and all other Persons, may be examined upon Oath or solemn Affirmation in those Cases in which Persons are by Law allowed to make Affirmation instead of taking an Oath, such Oath or Affirmation to be administered by the Steward.

XIX. Every Person who in any Examination upon Oath or solemn Affirmation before the said Steward shii ill wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to be indicted and subject to the same Punishments as may be imposed on Persons guilty of Perjury in any of the Suj>erior Courts of Westminster.

XX. If any Person appearing as a Witness shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer any lawful Question, it shall be lawful for the Steward to impose upon any such Person such Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds as the said Steward shall think fit.

XXI. If any Person shall wilfully insult the Steward or either of the said Courts, or create any Disturbance during the Sitting of any Great or Small Barmote Court, or at any View, or shall insult or obstruct the Barmaster at any Time when in the Execution of his Office, it shall be lawful for the said Steward to impose upon any such Person such Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds as the said Steward shall think fit, and the Steward shall fix a Day on or before which, and a Person to whom, such Penalty shall be paid.

XXII. From and after the passing of this Act the Grand Jury shall consist of Twelve Men only, who shall be selected by the Barmaster from amongst Persons resident within the Jurisdiction of the said Great and Small Barmote Courts, and as far as conveniently can be done it shall be the Duty of the Barmaster to select Persons experienced in practical Mining, but a Want of such Experience shall be no Ground of Objection to any Person serving on the Grand Jury if summoned so to do, nor of Exemption from such Service; and the Grand Jury shall be composed in manner herein-after stated, that is to say, of One Man from the Liberty of Castleton, of Two Men from the Liberty of Bradwell, of Two Men from the Liberty of Hucklow, of Two Men from the Liberty of Winster, of Two Men from the Liberty of Monyash, of One Man from the Liberty of Taddington, of One Man from the Liberty of Upper Haddon9 and of One Man from such Parts within the Jurisdiction of the said Great and Small Barmote Courts as are not within any of the aforesaid Liberties; and at the Second Great Barmote Court which shall be held after the passing of this Act Six of the Grand Jury, to be determined by Lot, shall be discharged, and Six new Grand Jurymen substitute

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94. 753

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

stituted, and at every subsequent Great Barmote Court Six of the Grand Jury, being those who have been longest in Office, shall be discharged, and Six new Grand Jurymen shall be substituted in their Stead, so that every Member of the Grand Jury shall serve for a Period extending over the bolding of Two Great Barmote Courts; and no Person shall be compellable to serve on the Grand Jury oftener than once in Three Years; and as often as any of the Grand Jury shall die or become incompetent to act, the Barmaster shall select another Person in his Place, without waiting for the holding of a Great Barmote Court, and every Member of the Grand Jury shall be sworn in by the Steward as soon as conveniently may be, either at a Great or Small Barmote Court or out of Court, as may be most convenient, but every such Member shall be competent to act immediately upon his Appointment as One of the Grand Jury, without waiting for being sworn as aforesaid.

XXIII. The Duties to be performed by the Grand Jury Duties of may in Cases where no other Provision is made by this Act be Grand Jury-performed by any Eight of the Body, and such Duties shall be to attend at the Great Barmote Courts, and at any other Time upon the Summons of the Barmaster or of any Deputy Barmaster, such Summons to be delivered to all the Members of the Grand Jury, or to be left at their respective last or usual.

Places of Abode, at least Three Days before the Day on which> their Attendance is required to go down into any Mine, Vein, or Mineral Works, and view the same, and give their Opinion on such Matters as are required of them in any Bill of Directions or Cross Bill delivered to them, and generally to do and perform all such Acts and Duties as are in this Act mentioned as being Acts to be done or Duties to be performed by the Grand Jury.

XXIV. The Steward shall, upon the entering of any Plaint, cause a Summons to be issued, and shall, on a Day to be mentioned in such Summons, and within One Calendar Month after the entering of the Plaint, hold a Small Barmote Court for the Trial of the Cause; and the Plaintiff and Defendant, or their respective Attornies or Agents, shall appear at the Time and Place appointed for the Trial, and the Steward shall proceed in a summary Way to try the Cause, leaving all Matters of Fact in issue in the Cause to be determined by the Jury Sworn for the Trial, and shall give Judgment, and the Judgment of the Court shall be enforced by Warrant to be issued under the Hand of the Steward and the Seal of the Barmote Courts, and the Defendant shall be allowed to give Evidence of any Special Matter of Defence.

XXV. The Summons shall be served ypon the Defendant Service of Sum by the Barmaster Fourteen clear Days at least before the Day mon*' appointed for the Trial, by leaving such Summons at the usual

or last Place of Abode of such Defendant, and by affixing a Copy thereof on some conspicuous Part of the Mine to which

Small Barmote Court*.

754

Proviso in cose Defendant shall refuse to appear or plead.

Proviso in case Plaintiff shall not proceed in the Action.

New Trials.

Costs.

Appeal. '

Pleadings not to be repeated.

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

the Question of Title, Trespass, or Debt to be tried.has reference; and upon Proof of the Service of such Summons the Plaintiff shall be at liberty, if the Defendant do not appear, to proceed to Trial, and if the Steward shall think that he is entitled to recover he shall have Judgment: Provided always, that in Cases where there are more Defendants than One, Service on One of such Defendants shall be deemed sufficient.

XXVI. If the Plaintiff in any Action of Title, Trespass, or Debt shall not proceed to Trial at the Time and Place appointed, the Steward shall cause Judgment as in case of Nonsuit to be entered for the Defendant in such Action.

XXVII. The Steward may grant new Trials, and set aside Judgments and other Proceedings, and may stay Proceedings, and in so doing he is hereby directed to act as far as may be on the same Principles as are acted upon in similar Cases by the Superior Courts at Westminster.

XXVIII. The Party who has Judgment in his Favour, in whatever Way such Judgment may be obtained, shall by the same Judgment recover his Costs of Suit or Defence, as the Case may be.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for the Court of Queen's Bend at Westminster, or for any Judge of any of the Superior Courts at Westminster, on the Application of either Plaintiff or Defendant in an Action in the Small Barmote Court, either before or after Trial, on Cause shown by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge that an impartial or satisfactory Trial cannot be or has not been had in such Barmote Court, or for any other Cause which to such Court or Judge shall seem reasonable, to allow a Certiorari to be issued out of the said Court of Queen's Bench for removing all Proceedings which may have been had in such Action into the said Court of Queen's Bench.

XXX When a Cause is so removed the Pleadings in the Court below shall stand and need not be repeated in the Queen's Bench, and shall be of the same Effect there as in the Court below, and if the Pleadings are not complete in the Court below the same Pleadings shall be adopted and with the like Effect in the Queen's Bench as might have been adopted in the Court below, and the Queen's Bench shall give the same Judgment as it shall to the said Court appear ought to have been given if the Cause had been determined in the Court below, and the Queen's Bench or any Judge of One of the Superior Courts may otherwise deal with the said Causes when removed, and make such Buies and Orders in or relating to the same, as to them or him may seem just; and all Buies or Orders made by any such Judge shall be liable to be enforced, set aside, or varied by the Queen's Bench in the same Way as Judges Orders may ordinarily be enforced, set aside, or varied; and when Judgment is given in the Queen's Bench, a Copy of such Judgment, signed by One of the Masters of the Courts

may

7 55

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

may be lodged with the Steward, and shall thereupon become a Record of the Court below from which the Cause was removed, and shall and may be enforced by the last-mentioned Court in the same Way as if the Judgment had been given by such Court and the Cause had never been removed.

XXXI. Every Subpoena to attend and give Evidence upon Service of Sub-any Trial in the Small Barmote Court, if served personally

upon the Person required to give Evidence in any Part of ^pjSofin England or Wales Seven clear Days at the least before the England.

Day fixed for the holding the Court at which such Trial is to be had, shall be as valid and effectual in Law, and shall entitle the Party suing out such Subpoena to all and the like Remedies by Action, as if the same had been issued out of the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster in any Cause depending in that Court; and in case the Person served shall not appear as required by the said Subpoena, it shall be lawful for the said Steward, upon Oath or Affirmation taken in open Court of the personal Service of such Subpoena, and of the Tender to the Person so served at the Time of such Service of a reasonable and sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expenses of coming and attending to give Evidence, and of returning from giving such Evidence, to give to the Party, complaining of such Default a Certificate of such Default under the Hand and Seal of the said Steward, and the Party complaining of such Default having obtained such Certificate may apply to the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster, and the said last-mentioned Court shall thereupon (if it seems to them just to do so) proceed by Attachment or otherwise, according to the Course and Practice of the same Court, against the Person so having made default, in like Manner as the same Court might have done if such Person had neglected or refused to appear in obedience to a Writ of Subpoena issued to compel the Attendance of Witnesses out of such last-mentioned Court* but such Certificate shall not be conclusive either of the due Service of the Subpoena or of the same having been disobeyed, or of any other Matter.

XXXII. Where a Plaintiff obtains Judgment in an Action Execution may of Title, and the Defendant shall refuse for the Space of Three be issued against Days next after the Day on which Judgment is given to deliver ^"^nd the Possession to the Plaintiff, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff Lme sold by the to apply to the Steward, and the Steward shall thereupon issue Barmaster.

a Warrant in the Form herein-after mentioned, and the Bar-master shall forthwith execute such Warrant and deliver Possession accordingly: Provided always, that no Entry or Seizure under any such Warrant, or under the Warrant next hereinafter mentioned, shall be made on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, or on any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, or at any Time except between the Houtb of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and where a Defendant shall for the Space of Three Days after the Day

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 Vict.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

when the Judgment is given or Order made omit to pay any Debt or Damages recovered or awarded to be paid by any Judgment of the Small Barmote Court, or where either Plaintiff or Defendant shall for the Space of Three Days omit to pay any Money or Costs recovered or awarded to be paid by any such Judgment or by any Order made by the Steward, or where any Person shall omit to pay any Penalty imposed by the Steward under the Authority of this Act within the Time appointed by the Steward for Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the Steward and he is hereby required, upon the Application of the Party in whose Favour or for whose Benefit such Judgment or Order shall have been given or made, or in the Case of a Penalty at his own Discretion, to issue a Warrant in the Form herein-after mentioned, and the Barmaster shall thereupon forthwith take possession of any Mineral Property within the Jurisdiction of the said Barmote Courts which shall belong to the Party so omitting to pay such Debt or Damages, or Money or Costs, or Penalty, and shall sell the same either by Ticket or by Public Auction, or so much thereof as may be necessary to raise the Sum mentioned in such Warrant, and the Fees and Expenses allowed by this Act for executing the same, and shall return any Surplus Monies arising from such Sale that may remain, after paying such Debt or Damages, or Money or Costs, or Penalty, and Fees and Expenses as aforesaid, to the Defaulter; and if the Party against whom the Warrant issues has, before the issuing of such Warrant, in fact paid the Debt, Damages, Money, Costs, or Penalty, or any Part thereof, and the Warrant issues for too much, the Steward shall not therefore be liable to any Action, except in Cases where he issues the Warrant of his own Motion, and with Knowledge of the Payment, but the Party who sues out the Warrant, or the Steward if he issues it of his own Motion, and with such Knowledge as aforesaid, shall be alone responsible in such Cases for the improper issuing of the Warrant and for what is done thereunder; and in case the Person against whose Mineral Property such Warrant shall have been issued shall not have any Mineral Property within the Jurisdiction of the said Barmote Courts, or not sufficient to answer the Amount mentioned in such Warrant, after deducting such Fees and Expenses as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person who shall have obtained such Judgment or Order, or in case of a Penalty for the Steward, to recover the Amount or Deficiency by Action of Debt in the County Court, if the Amount of the Debt or Deficiency shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, otherwise in any Superior Court at Westminster; and the Certificate of the said Steward of the Amount of the Debt or Damages, or Money or Costs, or Penalty, or of the Proportion thereof, which has not been recovered under such Warrant, shall be Evidence, but not conclusive Evidence, that the Sum therein mentioned to be not recovered was due and unpaid at the Date of such Certificate; and the Count in

the

757

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

the Declaration in any such Action in One of the Superior Courts may be simply to the Effect that the Defendant was indebted to the Plaintiff in a Sum, naming it, by virtue of this Act. and of a Certificate thereunder granted by the Steward of the Barmote Courts of the High Peaky which Sum the Defendant had notjpaid.

XXXIII. All Warrants issued by the Steward shall be in Warrants and force for One Calendar Month from the Date thereof, and shall be returned by tlieBarmaster to the Steward within Six Weeks to steward's from the Date thereof, with a Memorandum or Return endorsed Office, thereon, and signed by the Barmaster, stating when it was executed, or if from any Cause the Barmaster shall have been unable to execute it, then stating why it has not been executed, and in the latter Case the Warrant may be renewed and Returns made from Time to Time until it is executed, and every renewed Warrant shall be in force for One Calendar Month from the Date thereof; and every Return to a renewed Warrant shall be made within Six Weeks after the re-issuing of the Warrant, but the Omission to return any such Warrant shall not make any one a Trespasser for having obeyed the same, nor shall it be necessary to state or prove any such Return in order to justify anything done in obedience to the same.

XXXIV. The Barmaster, with the Assistance of his Depu- Jurors at Small ties, shall every Year make out in Writing a List of not less than

Forty-eight Owners or Maintainers of Mines situate within the u Jurisdiction of the Barmote Courts, not being Members of the Grand Jury for the Time being, but being resident within the County of Derby, and fix the same upon the Door of the Court where the April Great Barmote Court is held, and shall afterwards copy such List int6 a Book, to be called the Jury Book, and to oe kept by him, and One Week before any Small Barmote Court the Barmaster shall cause to be summoned Twenty-four Persons named in the said Book to attend at the Time and Place appointed for holding the said Small Barmote Court; and every such Summons shall be in the Form or to the Effect given in the Schedule hereto, and shall be served either personally on such Person, or by leaving it at his usual or last known Place of Abode; and no Person shall be summoned oftener than once in Three Years, unless there shall be a Deficiency in the Number of Jurors, so that a Jury could not be formed without summoning Jurors who have served within Three Years, but no Proceeding shall be held void on the Ground that a Person served on the Jury who was not liable to be summoned.

XXXV. The Barmaster shall make a List of the Jurors so Ballot and summoned, together with their Places of Abode and Conditions, J^lengc and shall permit such List to be inspected by the Plaintiff and Juror#* Defendant, if they shall require it, and the Barmaster shall cause

the Names of the Jurors to be written severally on Slips of Paper and put into a Box, and the Names shall be drawn out

by <?f

A

758 Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Provision in case of more than One Cause.

Penalty on Jurors for Non-attendance.

of the Box by the Barmaster, and each Party may, until no more than Twelve remain, object to any Person whose Name is drawn out, without assigning any Cause, but so that not more than Six such Objections be made by either Party, and if any Objection is made to the Twelve so remaining it must be stated to, and the Validity or Invalidity thereof decided upon by, the Steward, and the Twelve first Persons to whom no Objection has been made shall be the Jury to be sworn for the Trial; and any Person against whom an Objection has been made and disallowed by the Steward shall be considered as a Person against whom no Objection has been made; and if after drawing out the Names of all the Jurors there shall not appear to be Twelve Persons against whom no Objection has been made, then the Names of all the Jurors against whom Objections have been made shall be returned to the Box, and dr&wn again, without any further Objection being allowed to any of them, until a sufficient Number be drawn to make a Jury of Twelve, and such Jury of Twelve shall be the Jury to be sworn for the Trial to take place at such Small Barmote Court; and the J ury so drawn as aforesaid shall be sworn by the Steward, and shall hear the Evidence of the Witnesses in the Cause, and shall be required to give an unanimous Verdict or Verdicts upon all Matters of Fact at issue in such Trial, which Matters of Fact shall be submitted by the Steward to the Jury for their Determination.

XXXVI. If there shall be more than One Cause to be tried at any Small Barmote Court, the Jury sworn for the Trial of the First Cause may and shall, with the Consent of the Parties to the Second or other subsequent Causes, be sworn for and be the Jury for the Trial of such Second and subsequent Causes: Provided always, that any Party to such Second or subsequent Causes, or the Steward, may require a fresh Jury to be drawn.

XXXVII. If any Person liable to serve as a Juryman in the Small Barmote Court shall have been duly summoned to attend as a Juror, and shall not attend in pursuance of such Summons, or being thrice called in Court shall not answer to his Name, Or if any such Person being present in Court after having been called shall not duly appear, or after his Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself from the Presence of the said Court, or shall refuse to act as a Juryman, it shall be lawful for the said Steward to impose such Penalty, not exceeding Ten Pounds, upon every such Person so making default as to the said Steward shall seem meet, unless some reasonable Excuse shall be given to the Satisfaction of the said Steward, and the Steward shall fix a Day on or before which, and a Person to whom, such Penalty shall be paid; and if such Penalty shall not be paid within the Time ordered by the said Steward, it shall be lawful for the said Steward to issue his Warrant in the Form hereinafter mentioned for the levying thereof, with all the Costs and Charges attending such levying; and such Penalty may be

imposed

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94. 759

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

imposed in the Absence of the Party making default, and without calling on him to show Cause why it should not be imposed; and it shall be no Objection to the Execution of such Warrant that the Party had no Notice of such Penalty, but if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Imposition of such Penalty or the Execution of such Warrant, the Steward may grant him such Relief as to the Steward may seem just.

XXXVIII. If any Person liable to act as a Grand Juryman Penalty oa shall have been duly summoned to attend at the Great Barmote Growl jurors Court, or on any other Occasion on which the Grand Jury are ^n^nce. by this Act required to attend, and shall not attend in pursuance of such Summons, or being called shall not answer to his Name, or if any such Person being present after having been called shall not duly appear, or after his Appearance shall wilfully withdraw himself, or shall refuse to act on the Grand Jury, or to perform the Duties required of him, it shall be lawful for the said Steward to impose such Penalty, not exceeding Ten Pounds, upon every such Person so making default, as to the said Steward shall seem meet, unless some reasonable Excuse shall be given to the Satisfaction of the said Steward, and the Steward shall fix a Day on or before which, and a Person to whom, such Penalty shall be paid; and if such Penalty shall not be paid within the Time ordered by the said Steward, it shall be lawful for the eaid Steward to issue his Warrant in the Form herein-after mentioned for the levying thereof, with all the Costs and Charges attending such levying; and such Penalty may be imposed in the Absence of the Party making default, and without calling on him to show Cause why it should not be imposed; and it shall be no Objection to the Execution of such Warrant that the Party had no Notice of such Penalty; but if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Imposition of such Penalty or the Execution of such Warrant, the Steward may grant him such Relief as to the Steward may seem just

XXXIX All Persons for the Time being exempted by Law Exemption from serving on Juries shall be exempt from serving either on from serving the Grand Jury or on any Jury for the Trial of Causes in the on ury '

Small Barmote Court, notwithstanding such Persons may in other respects be qualified to serve on such Grand Jury, ot on any Jury for the Trial of Causes as aforesaid.

XL. The Parties to the Suit or any other Proceeding under Subpoenas, this Act may obtain at or from the Office of the Steward Subpoenas to compel the Attendance of Witnesses, with or without a Clause requiring the Production of Books, Deeds,

Papers, and Writings in their Possession or Control; and in any such Subpoena any Number of Names may be inserted, and such Subpoenas shall be served upon the Witnesses in like Manner as Subpoenas issuing out of the Superior Courts at Westminster.

3 B 4

XLI. If

760

Execution may be superseded.

Bar-matter not to be liable.

Steward not to be liable.

Register of Summonses, &c.

XLI. If the Party against whom an Execution shall be issued shall, before an actual Sale of the Property seized, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Barmaster the Sum or Sums of Money ordered to be levied, or such Part thereof as the Person entitled thereto shall agree to accept in full of his Debt or Damages and Costs, together with the Fees hereby allowed, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Property of the said Party shall be discharged and set at liberty.

XLII. No Barmaster or Deputy Barmaster, and no Person acting at the Request and in aid of any Barmaster or Deputy Barmaster, shall be liable to any Action for anything done or authorized by such Barmaster or Deputy Barmaster in obedience or necessary for Obedience to any Writ, Precept, Warrant, or Process signed by the Steward and sealed with the said Seal, although the same be void or irregular or an Excess of Jurisdiction, nor shall any Act done by any such Barmaster. Deputy Barmaster, or other Person, while acting under any such Writ, Precept, Warrant, or Process, make him a Trespasser ab initio, though it be not in obedience or not necessary for Obedience to such Writ, Precept, Warrant, or Process, but the Party committing such last-mentioned Act shall be liable to an Action for the same if it be illegal.

XLIII. The Steward shall not be liable to any Action for anything done in obedience or necessary for Obedience to any Writ, Warrant, Precept, or Process signed by him, and sealed with the said Seal, if such Writ, Warrant, Precept, or Process be not an Excess of his Jurisdiction.

XLIV. The Steward shall carefully preserve the Books and Accounts mentioned in the Fifth and Fourteenth Sections, and shall also cause a Register of all Summonses, Subpoenas, Orders, Judgments, Warrants, Executions, and Returns thereto, and of all Penalties, and of all other Proceedings of the Great and Small Barmote Courts, and of all Bills of Directions, Cross Bills of Directions, Opinions of the Grand Jury, and other Proceedings on Views, to be fairly entered from Time to Time in a Book belonging to the Courts which shall be kept at the Office of the Steward; and such Entries in the said Book, or Copies thereof or of any of them, and also Copies of the Entries in the Books and Accounts mentioned in the Fifth and Fourteenth Sections, or of any Part thereof, and also Copies of the new or additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders mentioned in the Fifty-sixth Section, purporting to bear the Seal of the Court, and purporting to be signed and certified as a true Copy by the Steward, which Copies the Steward is hereby required to furnish to all Persons requiring the same, upon Payment of the Fees herein-after specified, shall at all Times be admitted in all Courts and Places whatsoever as Evidence of such Entries, Articles, Rules, and Orders, and of the Proceedings referred to by such Entry, and of the Regularity of such Proceeding, without any further Proof.

XLV. All

7«1

1851. Ducky of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

XLV. All Persons shall be at liberty, at convenient Times in the Daytime, to search and examine all Documents in the Custody of the Steward by virtue of this Act, upon Payment of the Fees herein-after specified.

XLVI. If any Claim shall be made to or in respect of any Mineral Property taken in Execution under the Process of any Great or Small Barmote Court, or in respect of the Proceeds or Value thereof, by any Person not being the Party against whom such Process has issued, it shall be lawful for the Steward, upon the Application of the Officer charged with the Execution of such Process, as well before as after any Action brought against such Officer, to appoint and hold a Small Barmote Court, and to issue a Summons calling before the said Court as well the Party issuing such Process as the Party making such Claim; and upon the issuing of such Summons any Action which shall have been brought in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record, or any Local or Inferior Court, in respect of such Claim, shall be stayed, and the Court in which such Action shall have been brought, or any Judge thereof, or, if the Action be in any Superior Court at Westminster, any Judge of any of the other Superior Courts, on Proof of the Issue of such Summons, and that such Mineral Property was so taken in Execution, may order the Party bringing such Action to pay the Costs of all Proceedings had upon such Action after the Issue of such Summons by the Steward; and if either of the Parties so summoned appear, the Steward shall, whether the other Party appear or not, adjudicate upon such Claim, and make such Order between the Parties in respect thereof, and of the Costs of the Proceedings before him, and of the Proceedings in the Action prior to such Summons, and of the Payment of Compensation to any Party by any other Party, as to him shall seem fit; and such Order, so far as the same may be for Payment of Money or Costs, shall be enforced in like Manner as any Order made in any Suit brought in the Small Barmote Court, and, so far as such Order be not for the Payment of Money or Costs, Disobedience to the same may be punished in manner following; that is to say, any Person considering himself aggrieved by such Disobedience may complain to the Steward, who may thereupon summon the disobedient Party before him, and may, if he thinks the Complaint proved, and whether the Party complained of shall appear or not, order the Party complained of to pay to the complaining Party such Sum of Money as he may think a sufficient Compensation, with or without the Costs of the Application, at his Discretion, and if he thinks the Complaint not proved he may make an Order dismissing the same Complaint, with or without Costs, at his Discretion, and the Order which the Steward shall make in the Premises may also be enforced in like Manner as any Order made in the Small Barmote Court.

XLVII. All

Docamnls m

Custody of Steward to be open to Inspection. Interpleader Clause.

i

Pendtaes.

Forms of Proceedings.

Fees.

Application of Penalties.

XLVII. All Penalties imposed by virtue of this Act (except the Penalties imposed upon the Barmaster, and which are otherwise provided for,) shall be recovered by levying the same under a Warrant of the Steward upon the Mineral Property of the Person upon whom such Penalty shall be imposed, which shall be within the Jurisdiction of the Barmote Courts; and if the Barmaster shall make a Return to the Steward that there is no Mineral Property within such Jurisdiction, or not sufficient to raise the whole of the Penalty and the Fees and Expenses allowed for the Execution of the Warrant, then such Penalty, or so much thereof as the Produce of the Sale of such Mineral Property shall not, after paying the Fees and Expenses allowed for the Execution of the Warrant, be sufficient to satisfy, shall be recovered by Action of Debt in the County Court, such Action to be brought in the Name of the Steward; and a Certificate signed by him, and sealed with the said Seal, certifying the Imposition of such Penalty, and the Amount thereof, or so much thereof as shall not have been satisfied by such Execution, shall be Evidence, but not conclusive Evidence, that the Sum therein mentioned not to be recovered was due and unpaid at the Date of the Certificate.

XLVIII. The Proceedings of the Barmote Courts shall be in the Forms given in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, or to the like Effect, and in any Proceeding not thereby provided for it shall be lawful for the said Steward to adopt such Form as he shall think fit and applicable to such Proceeding.

XLIX. The Fees and Payments which shall be paid, had, and taken by the Steward, Head Barmaster, Deputy Bar-masters, Grand Jury, Attornies, and other Persons, shall be such as are contained in the Third and Fourth Schedules to this Act, and no other Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever shall be demanded, had, or taken by any of the said Persons on any Pretence whatever.

L. An Account shall be kept by the Steward of all Penalties imposed upon any Person under the Authority of this Act, and such Penalties shall, except in Cases where it is by this Act otherwise provided, be received by or on account of the said Steward, and shall be paid by the said Steward, when received, as to One Moiety thereof to Her Majesty and Her Successors in right of Her said Duchy of Lancaster, and as to the other Moiety thereof to the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, if there shall be any such Lessee, and if there shall be no such Lessee then the whole of such Penalties shall be paid to Her Majesty and Her Successors in right of Her said Duchy of Lancaster; and if any Action or other Proceedings other than an Execution under the Warrant of the said Steward shall be necessary for the Recovery of any Penalty, such Action or other Proceedings shall be taken in the Name of the Steward.

LL For

* 03

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

LI. For the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, it is hereby declared, that all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards or otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if after Action brought a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court, with Costs, by or on behalf of the Defendant; and in any such Action the Defendant may not only ple&d the Tender or Payment into Court, as the Case may be, but may also plead any other Plea or Pleas in bar, or a general Demurrer.

LII. No Proceedings in the said Courts or either of them, or before the Steward or Barmaster, shall be removed into any other Court by Certiorari or otherwise, except in the Cases herein provided for.

LIII. In any Action brought under the Provisions of this Act in the County Court, or in any of the Superior Courts, the Plaintiff and Defendant shall respectively be entitled to recover Costs in the same Cases and to the same Extent as they would be entitled if the Action were a common Action of Debt on Simple Contract in the County Court or in any of the Superior Courts respectively.

LIV. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding now pending in any Court of Law or Equity, but such Action, Suit, or other Proceeding shall be dealt with and determined as if this Act had not been passed.

LV. Nothing in this Act contained shall preclude any Person from proceeding in any other Court, having Jurisdiction therein, in respect of any Matter hereby made triable in the Small Barmote Court.

LYI. It shall be lawful for the Steward and Grand Jury at any Great Barmote Court to make such new and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders, as to them shall seem expedient for the better Regulation of the working and carrying on of the Mines within the District under the Provisions of this Act, and for the Guidance and Protection of the Mines in reference to the working and carrying on of Mines within the said District, and also for regulating the Practice and Proceedings of the Great and Small Barmote Courts, or of any Views or other Proceedings, and for the Execution of any Process of such Courts, and in relation to any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Articles and Customs hereby established; and all such new and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders as aforesaid shall be certified under the Hand of the Steward and

Goolftf

Limitation.

Removal of Proceedings.

Costs.

Proceedings

pending.

Parties may proceed in any other Court than Small Barmote Court.

Power to make new Rules.

764

Seal of the said Court to the Chancellor for the Time being of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the same having been previously submitted to the Lessee, if any, for the Time being, of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and approved of in Writing by him; and the same shall be published for Three Weeks consecutively in some Newspaper printed in the County of Derby; and such Chancellor may, after such Publication, either allow or disallow such View and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders, or any of them; and such of the new and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders as shall be so allowed by such Chancellor shall forthwith, after the Approval thereof, be sealed with the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, and laid before both Houses of Parliament, (if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament be not sitting, then within Five Days after the next Meeting thereof,) and no such new or additional Custom, Article, Rule, or Order shall have effect until Six Weeks after the same shall have been so laid before both Houses of Parliament; and any new or additional Custom, Article, Rule, or Order so allowed and laid before Parliament as aforesaid shall, from and after the Expiration of such Period of Six Weeks, be of the same Force and Effect as if the same had been enacted by Authority of Parliament, unless the same shall by Vote or Resolution of either House of Parliament be objected to; and such new and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders shall be carefully preserved by the Steward: Provided always, that such new and additional Customs, Articles, Rules, and Orders shall not in any way affect the Rights and Interests of Owners or Occupiers of Land.

Sating Rights

LVII. Provided always, That, except as is herein provided, of the Crown. noth; ng in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, either in right of Her Crown or in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster.

FIRST SCHEDULE referred to;

BEING

A Schedule of Articles and Customs by this Act established.

I. It is lawful for all the Subjects of this Realm to search for, sink, and dig Mines or Veins of Lead Ore, upon, in, or under all Manner of Lands of whose Inheritance soever they may be (Churches, Churchyards, Places for Public Worship, Burial Grounds, Dwelling Houses, Orchards, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, and Highways excepted), but if no Vein of Ore be found, and the Person making Search discontinues it for Fourteen Days, the Land must be levelled and made good by the Person making the Search within the Space of Six Dap

after

765

1851. Duchy o f Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

after the Expiration of the said Fourteen Days, or the Owner of such Land may level and make good the same, and recover the Expenses thereof from the Miner in an Action of Debt in the Small Barmote Court, or in the County Court: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder the Miner from following and working his Vein, and searching for and getting Lead Ore under such excepted Places as aforesaid; but in case by so doing he shall damage or injure any such excepted Places or the Surface thereof, the Owner or reputed Owner and Occupier may recover from such Miner Compensation for such Damage or Injury, by Action in the County Court if the Damage shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, or otherwise by Action in the Superior Courts; but in case the Owner or reputed Owner or Occupier of such excepted Place as aforesaid apprehends that such working will endanger the Security of such excepted Places, the Steward and Grand Jury shall have Power to suspend the working of such Vein, or to direct the working thereof, so as to prevent such Damage.

2. In all Cases the Landowner shall have Power to sell and dispose of the Calk, Feagh, Spar, and other Minerals and Rubbish (except Lead Ore), and to remove the same from his Land so soon as the Lead Ore has been extracted from it, when and as often as he thinks proper, and when not required for the Use of the Mine, but not so as to destroy or injure auy Mineral Property, without the Consent of the Barmaster and any Two Members of the Grand Jury.

3. The Barmaster and every Deputy Barmaster shall provide a Dish or Measure which shall contain Fifteen Pints of Water, and be adjusted in the Presence of Two of the Grand Jury, for measuring the Ore, and they shall forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds every Time they are required to measure Ore of any Mine and are unprovided with such Dish or Measure, such Penalty of Two Bounds to be recovered and received for his own Use by the Person who shall have required the Ore to be measured, by an Action in the County Court.

4. The Barmaster, together with Two of the Grand Jury, shall provide the Miners a Way, either for Foot Passengers or Carts as may be required, from the nearest Highway to the Mine, and also from the Mine to the nearest running Stream, Spring, or natural Pond of Water, such Ways to be set out in as short a Course as may be practicable and reasonable. No Compensation is to be claimed by the Occupier or Landowner for such Ways, but such Ways are not to be considered public, and the Use thereof is to be limited to Persons and Purposes connected with the Mine, and all Rights of Way are to cease when the Mine shall be no longer worked. The Parties entitled to use the Way may make sufficient Ways for Use, and keep the same in repair, and may also use for Mining Purposes the Water from the nearest running Stream, Spring, or natural Pond.

5. Every

766

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

5. Every Miner shall, so long as his Mine shall be worked, be entitled, without making any Payment for the same, to the exclusive Use of so much Surface Land as shall be thought necessary by the Barmaster and Two of the Grand Jury, and be set out by them, for the Purpose of laying Rubbish, dressing his Ore, briddling, making Meers or Ponds, and conveying Water thereto, and any other Mining Purposes. The Miner shall in all Cases, before he commences any Search or uses any Land, make Fences sufficient for the Protection of Cattle from any Injury which might arise from his Operations, and keep such Fences in sufficient Repair.

6. Any Person may transfer his Interest in any Mine or Vein to any other Person by causing an Entry of such Transfer to be made by the Barmaster in the Book to be kept by him as mentioned in the Fourteenth Section, and such Transfer, when so entered, shall be valid and effectual.

7. When Ore has been raised by any Miner, and he shall desire such Ore to be measured, the Miner shall give the Bar-master Twenty-four Hours Notice of the Time he intends to measure; and if the Barmaster neglect or refuse to attend, then the Miner may employ any Two Persons, One of them being on the Grand Jury, who shall measure such Ore, and lay the Duties aside, for the Use of the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee, for the Use of Her Majesty and Her Successors.

8. No Person shall sell any Ore, or remove any Ore from the Mine, unless and until the same shall have been measured by the Barmaster, or by such Two Persons as aforesaid in the event of the Nonattendance of the Barmaster, upon pain of forfeiting the full Value thereof to the Lessee of the Duties of Lot and Cope, or if there shall be no such Lessee, then to Her Majesty or Her Successors; and in case of Nonpayment of such Value, after Six clear Days Notice requiring the same shall have been given by the Barmaster to the Miner, or affixed in or upon some Part of the Mine or the Works thereof, the Mine at which such Ore was got shall be forfeited to the Lessee of the said Duties, and if there shall be no such Lessee, then to Her Majesty and Her Successors; and Possession thereof may be recovered in manner herein-after provided.

9. The Duties heretofore called the Duties of Lot and Cope are and shall be payable to Her Majesty and Her Successors, or to Her or Their Lessee for the Time being. The Duty called Lot is and shall be One Thirteenth Part of all Ore raised within the Jurisdiction of the Barmote Courts as hereby declared and established, such Thirteenth Part to be set apart and taken by the Barmaster when he measures any Ore; and the Duty called Cope is and shall be the Sum of Fourpence for every Load of Ore measured at any Mine within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, the Measure of such Load being Nine Dishes of Ore, whereof each Dish shall be of Capacity sufficient to hold Fifteen Pints of

r\r\n\c> Water.

V^iOO^ LC

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Water. The said Duties of Lot and Cope are and shall be payable in addition to the Payments mentioned in any other Article comprised in this Schedule. And if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Duty of Cope, the same may be recovered by the Barmaster, on behalf of Her Majesty and Her Successors, or of Her or their Lessee for the Time being, by Action of Debt in the Small Barmote Court, or by Action in the County Court.

10. If any new Vein be found by any Miner or any other Person whatsoever, the First Finder shall be entitled to Two Meers in Length of the said Vein, One Meer on each Side of the Founder to be measured and set out by the Barmaster, in the Presence of Two of the Grand Jury, on the Surface of the Ground within Six Days after Notice given to him by the Finder, and the Third Meer shall belong to the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee then to Her Majesty and Her Successors, to be set out in like Manner at either Extremity of the said Two Meers at the Option of the Barmaster; and the Finder shall be entitled to each subsequent Meer in such Vein, each Way, to the Extent he shall claim or require at the Time of freeing. The Founder, Meers, and the Barmaster shall enter the Particulars of the Gift in his Book; and if the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee, then if Her Majesty or Her Successors, neglect or refuse duly and reasonably to work the Meer so set out to such Lessee or Her Majesty or Her Successors as aforesaid, the Finder shall have the Right to purchase the said Meer at such Price as the Steward and Grand Jury may fix and determine, or the Finder may continue and maintain his Workings through the said Meer, upon laying aside for the Use of the Lessee or Her Majesty, as the Case may be, all the Ore that may be gotten therein, after deducting the Expenses of getting the same.

11. The Barmaster shall not set out any Ground under the Tenth Article until Ore shall have been raised from the Mine for which such Ground shall be required, nor until there shall have been paid to the Lessee for the Time being of the Duties of Lot and Cope, or if there shall be no such Lessee, to Her Majesty and Her Successors, the first customary Payment due to him, her, or them, such first customary Payment being so much Ore as shall be sufficient to fill the Dish or Measure mentioned in the Third Article, and being called the Freeing Dish; and the Miner shall pay to the Lessee for the Time being of the said Duties, and if there be no such Lessee, to Her Majesty and Her Successors, a similar Dish of Ore for every third and subsequent Meer which he shall reach of the Vein in which he is working.

12. If any Miner shall work any Mine or Vein without having duly freed the same as provided by the Eleventh Article,

or

768

Cap. 94., Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 Vict.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

or shall commit any Trespass in any Meer belonging to the Lessee of the Duties of Lot and Cope, or to Her Majesty and Her Successors, the Mine or Vein which shall have been so worked without having been freed, or the Mine or Vein of which the Meer in which such Trespass shall have been committed shall form a Part, shall be forfeited to the Lessee of the Duties of Lot and Cope, and if there shall be no such Lessee, then to Her Majesty and Her Successors, and Possession thereof may be recovered on behalf of such Lessee or of Her Majesty and Her Successors, as the Case may be, by Action of Title in the Small Barmote Court in the Name of the Barmaster.

13. If any Vein shall cross another Vein, the Miner who comes to the Pee or Intersection first shall have such Pee or Intersection, and may work therein as far as he can reach with a Pick or Hack, such Pick or Hack having a Helve or Shaft Three Quarters of a Yard long, so that he stands wholly within the Cheeks of his own Vein when he works such Pee or Intersection.

14. When Two Veins approach each other but are parted with a Hither, and such Veins continue asunder for One Meer or further in Length without any Joint of Ore or other Mineral crossing the same (such Joint of Ore or other Mineral not being a new Vein), and the Hither during that Distance in all Parts exceeds Three Feet in Thickness, then they are to be considered and treated as Two distinct Veins so long as they so continue asunder, but whenever they again meet the elder or prior Title shall take the Vein.

15. In any Dispute where the Priority of Title shall come in question the longest continued Ownership shall prevail, but all Gifts from the Barmaster shall be considered as the Origin and Commencement of the Title, and Workmanship prior to such Gift (if any) shall not avail; and in all Cases the Jury on the Trial shall decide the Fact of such Priority.

16. If any Person shall claim Title to any Mine, the Claimant may commence an Action in the Small Barmote Court, by causing a Plaint to be entered in the Book mentioned in the Fifth Section; and if any Miner shall commit a Trespass in the Mine or Vein of any other Person, the Person aggrieved may commence an Action in the Small Barmote Court, by causing a Plaint to be entered in an Action of Trespass, and may proceed to Trial in the Small Barmote Court, and shall there recover Possession of the said Mine in the Action of Title, or Damages to be assessed by the Jury for the said Trespass; and any Person claiming a Debt against a Miner for Articles furnished to a Mine, or for Mining Purposes, or for Work or Labour in, upon, or in respect of any Mineral Property, may cause a Plaint to be entered in an Action of Debt, and shall annex the Particulars of his Debt to the Summons, and proceed to Trial in the Small Barmote Court, and shall there recover such Amount, if any, as upon Proof shall appear to be due to

1851- Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

him; but no Evidence shall be admitted of any Items in an Action of Debt not mentioned in the Particulars annexed to the Summons.

17. No Miner or other Person shall, except as herein-after mentioned, bring more than One Action of Title to recover the same Mine, and a Nonsuit shall be deemed of the same Effect as a Judgment for the Defendant; but in Actions of Trespass or Debt the Plaintiff, if non-suited, shall be allowed to commence a fresh Action: Provided always, that the Steward shall in any Case whatever, whether of Title, Trespass, or Debt, have the Power, if he shall think fit, to order a new Trial to be had, upon such Terms as he shall think reasonable, and in the meantime to stay the Proceedings.

18. Every Meer of Ground shall contain Thirty-two Yards in Length; and the Miner shall be entitled to take and have set out for him any Proportion of a Meer, upon freeing the same, by Payment of an Amount of Ore proportionate to the Amount payable upon freeing a whole Meer.

19. The Barmaster, if he finds any Mine or Vein neglected and not wrought, and not hindered by Water or for Want of Air, shall, if required so to do by any Person or Persons, send to the Owner or reputed Owner, where known to him, and if not known to him, then put up in some conspicuous Place within the Liberty in which the Mine or Vein is situate, a Notice that such Mine or Vein will, at the Expiration of Three Weeks, if not duly and reasonably worked to the Satisfaction of the Bannaster and Grand Jury, and no other sufficient Reason assigned to them, be forfeited; and if at the Expiration of the said Three Weeks the Mine or Vein is not so worked, the Barmaster, in the Presence of Two of the Grand Jury, may give such Mine or Vein to any Person or Persons willing to work the same; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the Barmaster to give away such Mine or Vein if the Owner thereof be unable to work the same by reason of such Mine or Vein being under Water, or for Want of Air, so long as the Owner thereof is using efficient and diligent Means to the Satisfaction of the Barmaster and Grand Jury to relieve sufch Mine or Vein.

20. If any Person has Shares in a Mine, and refuses to join his Partners or the Owners of the other Shares in working the same, or to pay his Proportion of the Expenses of working the same for the Space of Six Days after the same has been demanded by the Party complaining or his Agent, he shall forfeit his Part and Share to his Partners, who shall be entitled to recover the same against such defaulting Owner in an Action of Title in the Small Barmote Court, and the only Evidence necessary in such Action to enable the Plaintiff to obtain Judgment shall be Proof that the Plaintiff has worked the said Mine,

* 70

a

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 Viftf.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

and the Amount of the Expenses incurred, and a Demand of Payment of Defendant's Share thereof as aforesaid, and the Neglect or Refusal of Defendant to pay it for the Space of Six Days after the Demand; and it shall be no Defence to such Action that the Plaintiff is Partner or joint Owner with the Defendant in the Mine or Shares sought to be recovered.

21. If any Person be possessed of any Mine, and be working the same, and any other Person claims Title thereto, such Claimant shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after he shall have had Notice of the same being in open Workmanship, and at all events within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been in open Workmanship, whether he shall have had Notice or not, assert his Claim by an Action of Title in the Small Barmote Court, or else such Claim shall be barred.

22. If the Barmaster shall, in any Matter connected with the Duties of his Office, require a View to be made by the Grand Jury, or if the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action of Title or Trespass in the Small Barmote Court, or if any Miner or other Person shall for any Purpose require a View to be made of the Mine or Works of any Person whomsoever, then and in each and every of such Cases a View shall be made, and the Person so requiring a View shall, when the Grand Jury are assembled, deliver to the Steward a Bill of Directions describing the Mine or particular Part or Parts of a Mine, or Ground or Works, or other Matters or Things, which the Grand Jury are required to view, and stating the Question upon which their Opinion is required, but such Bill of Directions shall contain no Argument or Comment whatever, and thereupon the Steward shall openly read the said Bill of Directions to the Grand Jury, and, if the Same is in the Opinion of the Steward properly framed, deliver it to One of the Grand Jury, who shall take the same with him for the Guidance of himself and the rest of the Grand Jury in making their View; but if any Person affected by the said Proceeding object to the said Bill of Directions or to any Cross Bill delivered as herein-after mentioned as containing Matter of Argument, Assertion, or Comment not being a Description of the Mine, Ground, or Works, or other Matters or Things to be viewed, or a Statement of the Question necessary for the Guidance of the Grand Jury in making their View, the Steward before delivering the Bill or Cross Bill to the Grand Jury shall in all Cases decide upon the Validity of such Objections, and if he thinks the same well founded shall cause the Bill or Cross Bill to be altered and corrected in such Manner as the Steward shall think right, and after making such View such of the Grand Jury as shall concur in Opinion shall in answer to such Bill and Cross Bill, if any, write their Opinion and sign it, and such of the Grand Jury as shall not concur in Opinion with any

2881: f' ' r Dubhy of Uhncastet* Cap. 24.

{High Peak. Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

ef their fellow Jurymen shall write separate Opinions and sigh them, so that the Signature of each of the Grand Jury shall be affixed either to his own separate Opinion or to that of himself and some other or others of the said Grand Jury; and the said Bill and Cross Bill, if any, with the Opinions, shall be delivered to the Steward, who shall thereupon openly read the same in the Presence of the Grand Jury and of the Person or Persons who shall have preferred such Bill or Cross Bill; and such Bill and Cross Bill, if any, and the Opinions thereon, shall be kept by the Steward with the Documents of the Barmote Courts, but the Steward shall, if required by the Plaintiff or Defendant in the Action in which the View shall have been had, permit such Bill and Cross Bill, if any, and the Opinions thereon, or either of them, to be used by such Plaintiff or Defendant for the Purpose of Evidence on the Trial of the Action: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action shall be entitled to require a View unless he shall have given Notice thereof in Writing to the Barmaster Six clear Days at the least before the Day appointed for the Trial; and the Expenses of Views shall be paid in manner herein-after mentioned, that is to say, in Cases where the Barmaster shall require such View the Expense shall be borne by the Owner of the Mine or other Matter to be viewed, provided the Steward shall consider that such View was properly required by the Barmaster, and shall allow such Expenses; and in Cases where the View shall be required by a Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action, the Expenses of such View shall be Costs in the Cause, and abide the Event of the Action; and in all other Cases the Expenses shall be paid by the Person requiring the View, if no Cross Bill is presented, and if a Cross Bill is presented, then in equal Proportions by the Person requiring the View and the Person presenting the Cross Bill. Any Person who may be affected by the Proceedings at any View may appoint a Shower to accompany the Grand Jury, and to show on his Behalf the Place to be viewed.

, 23. Any Person who may be affected by the Opinion of the Grand Jury on any View may, if he thinks fit, at the same View deliver a Bill of Directions to the said Grand Jury, which Second Bill shall be called a Cross Bill of Directions, in similar Form to the original Bill, stating the Question on which their Opinion is requested, and the Steward shall in like Manner, immediately after reading the original Bill, read over such Cross Bill, and deliver the same to One of the Grand Jury to take to the Mine or (jrround for the Guidance of himself and the rest of the Grand Jury.

24. When a Bill of Directions and also a Cross Bill shall be delivered to the Grand Jury at the same View, it shall not be requisite for them to write their Opinions until they have completed the View on the Cross Bill, unless they think proper to

3 C 2 do

m

772 Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

do so, and in no Case shall it be competent for the Grand Jury to examine any Evidence produced by either Party.

25. If any Person shall obstruct the Grand Jury in viewing any Mine or Works, the Grand Jury shall state such Fact in Writing, and return such Writing signed by any One or more of them, together with the Bill of Directions, and Cross Bill, if any, to the Steward, and the Person so obstructing shall forfeit by way of Penalty such Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds as the Steward shall think fit to impose, and the Steward shall have Power to impose a fresh Penalty every Day on which such Obstruction is repeated; and if any such Penalty be not paid within Three Days after the same shall be imposed, the Steward shall issue his Warrant for levying the same. Before imposing any such Penalty, the Steward shall give to the Offender Seven clear Days Notice to show Cause, at a Time and Place situate within the Hundred of the High Peak, to be named in such Notice, why a Penalty should not be imposed.

26. If any Person shall, by virtue of any Sough Engine or other Means, unwater or give Relief to any Mine or Vein which may be under Water and the further working thereof be hindered, the Owner of any such Mine so relieved shall from Time to Time, so long as such Relief be continued, deliver to the Person giving such Relief as aforesaid such Part and Portion of all the Ore which at any Time thereafter shall be got and raised in such Mine or Vein under the Level at which such Relief was given, as the Barmaster and Grand Jury may from Time to Time fix and determine; such Part and Portion of the said Ore to be delivered and dressed and made merchantable by the Owner of such Mine, without any fraudulent Concealment or wilful Diminution, and to be discharged and free from all Charges in getting and dressing; and the Value of such Ore, if it shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, shall be recoverable in the County Court, or, if such Value shall exceed Fifty Pounds, in One of the Superior Courts at Westminster.

27. Any Person having Two or more Veins lying contiguous to each other, or connected by any Shafts, Gaits, or Ways, may, with the Consent in Writing of the Barmaster or Grand Jury, consolidate the Titles to such Veins, and an Entry shall be made in the Barmaster's Book to the Effect that the Titles to such Veins arc thenceforth consolidated, and the said Veins shall from the Time of such Entry in the said Book be considered and treated as held under One; and the new Title of the said consolidated Veins, and nothing herein contained, shall prejudice or affect the Right or Title of any Person to any Mine or Vein which may have been heretofore united to or consolidated with any other Mine or Vein, and that the Possession or working of any of the Mines or Veins in such consolidated

1851. Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

solidated Titles respectively shall be considered as the working of the whole thereof, and so long as any Part thereof be so worked the same shall not be liable to be operated upon by the Barmaster in pursuance of the Nineteenth Article.

28. If the Grand Jury shall be summoned to any View by any Person, not being Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action in the Small Barmote Court, for the Purpose of delivering their Opinion as to whether any other Person is working in any Mineral Ground belonging to the Persons so summoning the Grand Jury, and the Majority of the Grand Jury assembled at any such View, and give it as their Opinion that such is in all probability the Case, but that for Wnnt of Workmanship the Fact does not yet clearly appear, it shall be lawful for the Steward to require such other Person to give to the Steward Security for the Value of all Ore which may be gotten in his Workings thenceforth, until such Time as sufficient Working shall have been done to make the Truth appear; and unless Security shall be given unto and to the Satisfaction of the Steward, it shall be lawful for him to direct and authorize the Barmaster to retain all Ore gotten in the Workings of such other Person so failing to give Security, until such Security shall be given, or until sufficient further Working shall have been done to enable the Grand Jury at any adjourned View to form a satisfactory Opinion; and if the Grand Jury assembled at any such adjourned View, or the Majority of those so assembled, shall state their Opinion to be that the Workings of the Person originally summoning the Grand Jury1 and of such other Person form One and the same Title, the Steward shall thereupon order the Barmaster to deliver to the Person who shall have originally summoned the Grand Jury the Ore which shall have been so retained as aforesaid, or, if Security shall have been given as aforesaid, then the Person who shall have originally summoned the Grand Jury shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Security, to the Extent of the Value of the Ore which shall have been gotten by such other Person as aforesaid since the original View, and shall be entitled to use the Name of the Steward, if necessary, for enforcing such Security, and if either Party feels himself aggrieved, such Party may prosecute his Claim in the Small Barmote Court.

SECOND

Cfcp. 94 Duchy of Lancaster, 14 & 15 VICT,

{High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

774

SECOND SCHEDULE;

CONTAINING

FORMS OF PROCEEDINGS.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Form of Plaint.

Plaintiff's t Name. Plaintiff's Place of Abode and Calling. Defendant's Name. Defendant's Place of Abode and Calling. Nature of Action.

John Smith- i Castleton - Richard Davis. Hucklow - Action of Title, Trespass, or Debt, as the Cass may be.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Summons in Title.

To CD. (the Defendant).

You are hereby summoned to appear at a Small Barmote Court to be held at on the Day of

at the Suit of A.B., Plaintiff in an Action of Title in the High Peak Small Barmote Court, respecting, Sec. [describe the Mine claimed].

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

By the Court,

E.T.y Steward.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Summons in Trespass or Debt.

To C.D.9 the Defendant.

Ton are hereby summoned to appear at a Small Barmote Court to be held at on the Day of

in an Action of Trespass in the Small Barmote Court, at the Suit of A.B.y for £ Damages for a Trespass committed by you at [if in Debt, say," in an Action of

Debt in the High Peak Small Barmote Court for the Sum of {the Sum claimed) for Goods sold and delivered," " Wages" or as the Case may be, the Particulars whereof are hereto annexed].

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

By the Court,

E.T.y Steward.

k,

185 L Ducky of Lancaster. Cap. 94 *

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Form of Particulars in an Action of Debt to be annexed to the Summons or written at the Foot thereof.

Ia the High Peak Small Barmote Court A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant Particulars of the Debt for which this Action is commenced. 1850: £ s. d.

January 3. To One Barrel of Powder, 50 lbs. at

M. per lb. - -150

[Add all other Items making up Debt]

[If for Wages or Work done.']

To driving Seven Fathoms in West Forefield [describe Work], at li 5s. per Fathom - - 8 15 0

5th to 15th. To working Nine Shifts, at

2s. 3d* per Shift - - 1 0 3

30th. To Four Weeks Wages, at 12*. per

Week; ..... 280

, To Six Days Work, Man and Horse [or Cart] grinding [or leading] describing Work, at 5s. 6d. per Day - - 113 0

Above are the Particulars of Debt in this Action. As witness my Hand.

A.B., or

A.B. by E.F. his Attorney or Agent.

Judgment against Defendant for Payment of Debt or Damages.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court, held at

within the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, the Day of

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant.

After hearing this Cause, it is, on the Day

of [insert Day trhen Judgment is given],

adjudged that the said Plaintiff do recover against the said Defendant the Sum of £ for his Debt [or

Damages by him sustained], together with the Costs of the Suit amounting to the Sum of £

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of.

By the Court,

; A.B., Steward.

3 C 4 / — Judgment

776

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 Vict.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Judgment against Plaintiff.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court, held at

within the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, the Day of

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant.

It is, on the Day of

adjudged that Judgment do pass against the said Plaintiff, and that the said Defendant do recover against the paid Plaintiff £ for the Costs incurred by the said Defen-

dant in his Defence of this Action.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of

By the Court,

A.B., Steward.

Judgment in case of Nonsuit.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court, held at

within the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, the Day of

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.ZX, Defendant.

It is, on the Day of

adjudged that Judgment by way of Nonsuit do pass against the said Plaintiff, and that the said Defendant do recover against the Plaintiff the Sum of £ for the Costs incurred

by the said Defendant in his Defence of this Action.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of

By the Court,

A.B., Steward.

Judgment for Recovery of Possession.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court, held at

within the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby.

Between A.B.> Plaintiff, and

C.D.y Defendant.

After the Hearing of this Cause, it is, on the Day of adjudged that the said Plaintiff do recover

against the said Defendant Possession of a certain Mine attogether with the Costs of the Suit amounting

to the Sum of £

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

By the Court,

A.B., Steward.

m

1851. Ducky of Lancaster. Cap. 94.

(High Peak Miming Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Execution against the Goods of Defendant.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.A, Defendant.

Whereas at a Small Barmote Court duly holden at

within the Jurisdiction of the said Court before the Steward of the said Court the said Plaintiff, by the Judgment of the said Court, on the Day of

recovered against the said Defendant the Sum of £ for a certain Debt before that Time due and owing to the said Plaintiff [or for certain Damages by him sustained, or Possession of a certain Mine situate, §-e.], together with the Sum of £ for Costs of the Suit by the said Plaintiff

in that Behalf expended: And whereas Three Days have elapsed since the Day on which such Judgment was given: And whereas the Sum of £ or the Sum of £

being Part of the said Sum of £ has not been paid to the said Plaintiff: These are therefore to require and order you forthwith to make and levy the said Sum of £, together with the lawful Fees and

Expenses allowed by the " High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851," by Distress and Sale of the Mineral Property of the said Defendant wheresoever it may be found within the Jurisdiction of this Court.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

To the Barmaster of the 1 By the Court,

High Peak. J A.B.^ Steward.

Execution against the Goods of Plaintiff.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant

Whereas at a Small Barmote Court duly holden at within the Jurisdiction of the said Court the said Defendant on the Day of by the Judgment

of the said Court, recovered against the said Plaintiff £ for his Costs of Defence of an Action of Title, Trespass, or Debt: And whereas Three Days have elapsed since the Day on which such Judgment was given: And whereas the said Sum of £ has not been paid to the said Defendant:

You are therefore required to make and levy the said Sum of £, together with the lawful Fees and

Expenses allowed by the High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851, by Distress and Sale of the Mineral

Property

m

Gap 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 YiO.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Property of the said Plaintiff wheresoever it may be found within the Jurisdiction of this Court.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of

To the Barmaster of the \ By the Court,

High Peak. f A.B., Steward.

Warrant for Recovery of Possession.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Between A.B^ Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant.

Whereas after the Hearing of this Cause it was, on the Day of at a Court holden at

within the Jurisdiction of this Court, adjudged that the said Plaintiff should recover against the said Defendant Possession of a certain Mine at And whereas the said

Defendant has not delivered up Possession of the said Mine, and Three Days have elapsed since such Judgment was recovered: You are therefore required to give Possession of the said Mine to the said Plaintiff.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of

To the Barmaster of the 1 By the Court,

High Peak. / A.B., Steward.

Summons to Grand Jurors to attend the Great Barmote Court

or on a View.

You are hereby required to attend the High Peak Great Barmote Court to be held at within the

Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, or to attend the Barmaster on a View, to be held at on the

Day of

Dated this Day of 185

A.B.9 Barmaster, or

To C.D. Deputy Barmaster.

0

Summons to Jurors to attend Small Barmote Court.

You are hereby required to attend the High Peak Small Barmote Court at at

o'clock in the Forenoon, to serve as a Juror on the Trial of Causes at the said Court; and if you fail herein you will be liable to a Penalty not exceeding ^10, to be levied on your Mineral Property.

Dated this Day of V 185 .

A. BBarmaster, or

To C.D. [add Residence.'] Deputy Barmaster.

1851. Du shy of Lancaster.\ GiqVjMl

(, -ProA Mining Customs and Mineral Count*)}

Bill of Directions on a View *

To the Grand Jury for the High Peak Barmote Courts, met at within the Hundred of High

Peak in the County of Derby, on the Day

of 185 .

You are desired by C.D. [Party calling the Jury] to view, jrc. ['describing the Mine, or particular Parts of the Mine, or the works, or other Matters or Things, which the Jury are required to view], and then give your Opinion whether, flfc., clearly stating the Question upon which the Opinions of the Grand Jury are required.

If the Grand Jury are required to dial the Mine, add u and you are requested to dial the said Mine, commencing, frc. [describing the Limits within which such Dialling is to be mods'], and to lay out your Dialling on the Surface, and to deliver your Dial Card, with your Opinion, to the Steward."

Return of Grand Jury to a Bill or Cross Bill of Directions.

We the Grand Jury [where all agree ih Opinion, or, We [or I] the undersigned Members [or Member] of the Grand Jury, where there is Difference of Opinion] for the High Peak Barmote Courts, assembled this Day of

to view, tfc.y having had a Bill [or Cross Bill] of Directions given to us, do declare, That we have proceeded to view, jrc., as directed by the said Bill [or Cross Bill], and do declare our [or my] |Opinion to be that, &c., giving their [or his] Opinion clearly on the Question proposed]. As witness our [or Hands [or Hand].

Signatures.

my]

Memorandum to be added after the Signatures of the Majority, where One or more of the Grand Jury do not concur in the Return.

We [or I] the undersigned do not concur in the above Return, and are [or am] of opinion that, £c., stating their [or his] Opinion clearly on the Question proposed.

As witness our [or my] Hands [or Hand].

Signatures.

Form of Notice in pursuance of the Twenty-fifth Article of the

Customs.

You are hereby required to attend at on the Day of before the Steward of the

High Peak Barmote Courts, to show cause why a Penalty should not be imposed upon you for obstructing the Grand Jury on the Day of

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of 185

A.B., Steward.

m

i

780

Cap. 94. Duchy of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Form for imposing any Penalty which may be imposed under

the Act

I, Steward of the High Peak Barmote

Courts, do hereby, by virtue of the High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851, impose on C.D. the Sum of £ as a Penalty for an Offence by him

committed against the said Act, and I order him to pay the said Sum to on or before the Day

of in the Year of our Lord 185 .

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day

of 185 .

A.B., Steward.

Warrant to levy any Penalty or Sum of Money that may be imposed or ordered to be paid under the Act

Whereas on the Day of a certain

Sum of £ was ordered to be paid by A.B. to C D.

by the Steward of the High Peak Barmote Courts, or a certain Penalty of £ was imposed upon A.B. by the Steward

of the High Peak Barmote Courts, for an Offence against the High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851, and such Sum of £ or Penalty was ordered to be paid

to on or before the Day of

and the same has not been paid.

You are therefore required to levy on the Mineral Property of the said A.B. within the Jurisdiction of the said Barmote Court the said Sum of £ or Penalty of £

together with the lawful Fees and Expenses allowed by the "High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts Act, 1851."

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in the Year 185 .

To the Barmaster of the) .do.

High Peak. / A B > Steward.

Barmaster*s Return of Execution of any Warrant

I A.B.9 Barmaster of the High Peak, in obedience to the within-written Warrant, and by Authority of the same, did on the Day of 185 execute the same

[by delivering to the Plaintiff within named Possession of, $*£.], or [by levying the Sum of £ within mentioned,

together with £ the Fees and Expenses allowed for the Execution thereof, by Sale of, and the said Sum of £ has been applied by me in discharging the Fees

and Expenses of the said Levy, and the said Sum of £ has been paid by me to

As witness my Hand, this Day of

185 .

1851. ' Duchy of Lancaster. Cap. 94;

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

Return that Barmaster has been unable to execute any Warrant.

I A.B., Barmaster of the High Peak, do make this Return to the Steward of the High Peak Barmote Court within mentioned, and declare, that I have not yet been able to execute the within Warrant, by reason that the within-named Defendant hath no Mineral Property within the Jurisdiction of this Court, or, if Part only has been levied, that I have levied the Sum of £ and no more, by Sale of the Mineral Property of the within-named Plaintiff, or Defendant, and he hath no Mineral Property within the Jurisdiction whereof I can levy any Part of the Residue. As witness my Hand, this Day of 185 .

Subpoena.

A.B., Steward of the High Peak Bannote Courts, to greeting. You and every of you are hereby required

personally to attend at the Small Barmote Court to be holden at on the Day of next, by

of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day [if the Witness is required to bring with him any Documents, describe them here], to testify the Truth according to your Knowledge in a certain Action in the Barmote Court now depending between Plaintiff and Defendant in an Action of [Title, Tres-

pass, or Debt, as the Case may be], at the said Court to be tried. Should you fail herein you will be liable to be proceeded against in like Manner as for Disobedience to a Subpoena issuing out of the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in the Year 185 .

A.B., Steward.

Order to adjourn Proceedings either in the Great or Small Barmote Court or before the Steward.

It is ordered, That the Proceeding in this Matter [whatever it be, stating it] be adjourned until [add, if necessary,

and that do pay to Costs, or other

the Terms, if any, upon which the Adjournment is made].

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in the Year 185 . By the Cl>, rt,

A.B.y Steward.

Order to stay Proceedings.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court.

Between A.B., Plaintiff, find

C.D., Defendant

It is ordered, That all further Proceedings in this Action be stayed.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in tile Year 185 . B; the Coort>

A.B., Steward.

781

tat

Qfcp.$4. Budhy of Tjaftteouitor. 14 & 15 Vic#.

{High iPttik Mining CuHoms and Mineral Court*?)

Order for a new Trial.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court, held at the Day of

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant.

It is ordered, That the Judgment in this Case, and all subsequent Proceedings thereon, be set aside, and a new Trial had between the Parties [here state the Terms and Condition *, if any, of such new TrialJ.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in the Year 185 .

By the Court,

A.B., Steward.

Summons on Interpleader.

In the High Peak Small Barmote Court

Between A.B., Plaintiff, and

C.D., Defendant

Whereas E.F. of hath made a Claim to

certain Mineral Property which has been seized and taken in Execution under and by virtue of Process issuing out of this Court in this Action: You are therefore hereby summoned and required to be and appear before the Steward of the said Court at on the Day of at the

Hour of, when the said Claim will be adjudicated

upon, and such Order made thereupon as to the Steward shall seem fit.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of

in the Year 185 .

By the Court,

A.B., Steward.

Note. — This Summons is to be served upon the Party claiming the Property seized, and upon the Plaintiff or Defendiant in the Action, according as the Execution may have been issued on behalf of Plaintiff or Defendant. If the Execution has been issued to levy a Penalty, this Form must be altered to suit the Circumstances, and the Summons must in that Case be served upon the Party owing the Penalty and the Claimant.

third

., ', r r 1 . V

THIRD SCHEDULE;

BEING

LIST OF FEES TO BE ALLOWED ON TAXATION UNDER

THIS ACT.

To the Steward. £ s. d.

For attending View by Grand Jury - - 1 1 0

For entering every Plaint, issuing every Summons

or Subpoena - - -02 6

For swearing every Witness in a Cause - - 0 10

For every Warrant to deliver Possession or to levy any Debt or Damages, or Money or Costs, or Penalty - r - - 0 2 6

For a certified Copy o£any Proceeding in the Great

or Small Barmote Court - 0 5 0

For Copy of any Entry or Accounts -006

For any Search amongst or Examination of the Documents in the Custody of the Steward - - 0 1 0

Mileage, Is. a Mile from his Place of Residence to the Place where the Court is held, such Mileage in, no Cese to exceed 11.

To Attornies.

For attending every Witness examined in Court, and taking down his Evidence - - 0 6 8

Drawing Brief, 6s. 8d. per Sheet.

Making fair Copy thereof. (Half Charge allowed -for drawing.)

For attending Court on the Trial, and conducting

s^me - - -220

And also Mileage, Is. per Mile, from his Place of Residence to the Place where the Court is held, such Mileage in no Case to exceed IL For every Copy of Subpoena - -010

If Duces tecum, 6d. additional For attending to serve every Witness with Subpoena 0 2 6

And Is. per Mile from Attorney's Residence, if Witness resides within the Hundred of High Peak, such Mileage in no Case to exceed 11; if in any other Place, the Sum paid fx> any Agent employed to serve same, provided such Sum be approved and allowed by the Steward.

Such Fees to Counsel as the Steward shall think reasonable, ancUallow on Taxation.

m

0 10 6 0 1 0 1 2 1 1 2

Cap. 94. Ducky of Lancaster. 14 & 15 VICT.

(High Peak Mining Customs and Mineral Courts.)

To the Barmaster of the High Peak. £ s. d.

For summoning the Jury to attend Small Barmote Court, 1/. Is. for each Cause appointed to be heard at the Court for which the Jury is summoned; such Sums to be paid by the Plaintiff if the Cause do not proceed to the Taxation of Costs.

For attending Small Barmote Court, 10.*. 6d. for each Cause appointed to be heard thereat, to be paid by the Plaintiff if the Cause do not proceed to the Taxation of Costs.

For attending a View, except where required by himself -

Entering each Freeing -Copy of same -Entry of Gifts for each Vein -Entry of every Transfer for each Vein Copy of same -

Service of every Notice, Summons, or Order For executing any Warrant issued by the Steward:

1st. Where the Amount to be levied shall be less than 20/:

Seizing the Property - 0 3 0

Each Man in possession, per Day - 0 2 6

All Expenses of Advertisements, if any 0 10 0 Catalogues, Sale and Commission, and Delivery of Goods, Is. in the Pound on the Produce of the Sale.

2d. Where the Amount to be levied shall exceed

20/ .: - .....

Seizing the Property - 0 10 0

Each Man in possession, per Day - 0 2 6

All Expenses of Advertisements, if any 110 Catalogues, Sale and Commission, and Delivery of Goods, Is. in the Pound on the Produce of the Sale.

Deputy Barmasters.

For attending on a View by the Grand Jury, except

where required by himself - - 0 10 0

To Grand Jury.

For attending on a View, each Man, when called to act within his own Liberty - - 0 4

When called to act out of his own Liberty - - 0 6

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Fees allowed to the Barmaster of the High Peak and Deputy Barmasters; such Fees to be a Debt due from the Person on whose Behalf the Duties shall be performed, and to be paid either to the Barmaster or his Deputy, according as the Duty shall be actually performed by him

or by his Deputy. £ *. d

Setting out any Way under the 4th Article - -050

Setting out Land under the 5th Article - -050

Setting out Meers, for each Meer subsequent to the Third Meer under the Ninth Article - - 0 0 4

CAP. XCV.

An Act for transferring the Duties of paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing Parts of the Crown Estate in the District of the Regent's Park and certain Streets and Places in Westminster from the Commissioners acting under several Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Fourth and King William the Fourth to the Parishes; and for transferring the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over certain other Places in Westminster to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and for other Purposes.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign s G. 4. c. ioo. of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred, the Lord High Treasurer and the Commissioners of His then Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the Time being, and such other Persons as should be elected and appointed under the Provisions of the said Act, were constituted Commissioners for the Purposes thereof; and Three several Plans made for defining tile Limits within which their Jurisdiction should be exerciseable, the First of such Plans marked Na 1. and intituled " Plan of the Crown Property in the Regents Park f the Second marked No. II. and intituled " Plan of the new Street," and the Third marked No. IIL and intituled " Plan of the Crown Estate in the Neighbourhood of Charing Cross Street, Whitehall, Privy Gardens, and Richmond Terrace," were required, after being authenticated by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be deposited with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and among the Authorities vested in the said Commissioners they were empowered to pave, maintain, light, water, cleanse, and

7M

Cap. 95.

Crown Estate Paving. 14 & 15 Vice

regulate the Footways and Carriageways of all Streets,

Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages,

and Places respectively delineated in the said Plan marked 1 No. 1., and situate on the North Side of the New Road, with the Exception of the Carriageway of certain Roads round the ' Regent's Park coloured Purple on the said Plan, and of all the ' Streets and Portions of Streets, Squares, Circuses, Terraces, ' Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places delineated and distin- guisned by the Brown Colour on the said Plan marked No. IL, ' and not situate within either of the Parishes of Saint Mary *

lebone and Saint Martin in the Fields, and of all the Streets,

Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Ways, Courts, Passages, and ' Places delineated on the said Plan marked No. IIL, and to

levy Rated and to borrow Money for the said several Purposes; and the said Commissioners were thereby also constituted Commissioners of Sewers for maintaining a principal Sewer made

from the Regenfs Park to Charing Cross, and thence to the

River Thames, and for maintaining and effecting the proper

Sewerage and Drainage of all the Premises comprised in the

6 G.4. c. 38. ' Baid several Plans: And whereas by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight, ? such Parts of New Palace Yard, Saint Margaret Street, and

Old Palace Yard, and the Streets and Places adjoining thereto,

as were then, as to the paving, lighting, and cleansing thereof,

under the Charge and Management of the Surveyor General of His then Majesty's Works, the same being delineated on a ' Plan marked No. IV., and authenticated and deposited in the same Manner with the said former Plans, and so much also of the Street in front of the Admiralty Office, and its Appur-f tenances, as was then or had been vested in the Lord High

Admiral or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or his or then f Secretary on their Behalf, were placed, as to the paving, light-

ing, and cleansing thereof, respectively under the Charge and

Management of the Commissioners acting in execution of the first-recited Act, who were empowered to levy Rates and borrow Money also for the last-mentioned Purposes; and it

was enacted that the Commissioners of the Admiralty and their Secretaries for the Time being should, conjointly with the before-mentioned Commissioners, be Commissioners far a O. 4. c. 64.' 4 executing both the said Acts: And whereas by an Act of the

4 Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter

Sixty-four, certain other Plans respectively marked with the ' Numbers 5, 6, and 7 were directed to be authenticated and

deposited in the same Manner with the said farmer Plans, and s the Streets called Parliament Street and Bridge Street, and the Terrace or Foot Pavement of New Palace Yardrespeo ' tively delineated on the said Plan No. 7, and which were then, f as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof

under the Charge and Management of the Committee for ' paving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the 1 Evangelist, were, for the same Purposes, placed under the

Charge

1851.

Crown Estate Paxring. Cap. 95. 787V

4 Charge and Management of the Commissioners acting in execution of the Ttfo first-recited Acts; and the Carriageway also of the Road called The Albany Roadextending from the North Side of the New Road to the Western End of the Bridge over the Regents Canal called the Collateral Cut 4 Bridge, and being Part of the Roads coloured Purple on the ^Plan No. 1. referred to in the first-recited Act, was, as to the Maintenance, Cleansing, and Regulation thereof, placed under ' the Charge and Management of the same Commissioners/

and they were further authorized to paye, maintain, light, '

water, cleanse, and regulate all the Streets, Squares, Terraces, *

4 Passages, and Places made and laid out or to be made and '

laid out on the Site of Carlton Palace and of the Gardens *

thereof, coloured Blue on the said Plan marked No. 5, and *

the Carriageway of Pall Mall extending from the Eastern to the Western Side of Waterloo Place, and the Foot and Carriage Ways of any Street or Streets to be made on the *. Site of Two Houses then numbered 92 and 93 in Pall Mall,

and they were authorized to levy Rates, and to borrow Money for defraying the consolidated Expenses of paving, repairing,

cleansing, lighting, and watering all the Streets, Squares,

4 Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places by the said former Acts and that Act respectively directed to be paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by them,

except certain Mews, called the Westminster Mews, delineated on the said Plan No. 6, and the Expenses whereof incurred for the Purposes aforesaid were to be separately provided for (by Rates to be laid thereon; and it was enacted, that His then Majesty, His HeirB and Successors, in respect of any public Buildings situate within the Limits of either of the Two first recited Acts or of that Act, should be liable to be rated and assessed for the Purposes of such Acts in like Manner as the Owners of other public Buildings within the like Limits, and the said Commissioners were appointed Commissioners of Sewers for maintaining also other Sewers and Drains thereby subjected to their Charge and Jurisdictions: And whereas by s&sW. 4.

an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of King William 56.

the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-six, the Streets called Great George Street, Little Bridge Street, and Part of the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margarets Churchyard, as to the paving, lighting, cleansing, and watering thereof, and the Carriageways ot Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, as to the paving, watering, and cleansing thereof, were placed under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners 4 'executing the before-recited Acts, and Two several Plans made for ascertaining the Streets and Places, and Parts of Streets and Places, to be placed for the several Purposes.

aforesaid under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, the one of such PlanB marked No. 8, and comuprising the Carriageways of Cockspur Street and Charing '

C&Cnoss Streetr thereon coloured Yellow, and the other marked

3 D 2

788

Cap. 95. Crown Estate Paving. 14 & 15 VICT.

No. 9, comprising Great George Street, Little Bridge Street,

and the said Portion of the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margaret's Churchyard respectively, thereon

coloured Pink, were required to be authenticated and deposited in the same Manner with the said former Plans, and ' the said Commissioners were further authorized to levy Bates for defraying the consolidated Expenses of paving, repairing,

cleansing, lighting, and watering all the several Streets,

Squares, Circuses, Terraces, Roads, Ways, Courts, Passages, and Places comprised in the several before-recited Acts or that Act, except the said Mews called Westminster Mews, and for other the Purposes of that Act; and it was enacted, that c His then Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Owner or Owners of any public Buildings within the Limits of any of the said former Acts or that Act, should be liable to be rated

and assessed for the Purposes of such Acts in like Manner as the Owners of other public Buildings within the same Limits, but the Committee for lighting and paving the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields were thereby required to pay to the ' said Commissioners the clear annual Sum of Six hundred and

fifty-three Pounds, by equal half-yearly Portions, on the

Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fourth Day of 1 December in every Year, in aid of the said Bates, in consideration whereof it was provided that the said Commissioners

should not lay any Bates under the foregoing Power upon any

Buildings or Spaces of Ground abutting on or fronting the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street unless (the said annual Sum should be in arrear; and it was enacted, (that the Monies to be collected and received by the Commissioners for executing the said Act from the Rates thereby (directed to be laid and assessed by them for the Purposes aforesaid, and in respect of the said annual Sum of Six hundred

and fifty-three Pounds, should be applied by them, after discharging thereout the Expenses attending the obtaining and

passing of that Act, in the next place, in paying the Interest of all Principal Monies which had been borrowed under the said former Acts or any of them, or to be borrowed under the Powers of that Act, and subject thereto in defraying the con-; 4 solidated Expenses of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting,

watering, and regulating the several Streets and Places by the said former Acts and that Act respectively directed or authorized to be paved, formed, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watered by the said Commissioners, except the said Mews called Westminster Mews, and in paying off the Principal Monies borrowed or to be borrowed as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners were authorized to borrow Money on the Credit of the said Bates and annual Sum for any of the Purposes to which the Monies to arise from the said Bates were thereby made applicable: And whereas the Commissioners' 4 executing the several recited Acts have from Time to T*rae-4. raised for the herein-before stated Purposes thereof various *

Sams

1851.

789

Crown Estate Paving. Cap. 95.

Sums of Money by way of Loan, in addition to the Rates received by them for the same Purposes, and they are subject

to a Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, the Balance (which has not yet been discharged) of such Loans: And whereas it Expedient to

is expedient to transfer the paving, maintaining, lighting, watering, and cleansing of certain of the Streets and other pa°7ng? &c.

4 Places subjected for those Purposes by the said several Acts Regent Street to the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners to the Charge Parishe8 and Management of the Parishes within which the same Streets and other Places are respectively situate, or of the Persons having the like Charge and Management of other

Streets and Places within such Parishes respectively, and to Of the Streets transfer the like Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over

other Parts of the said Streets and Places in the Neighbour- of Parliament hood of the Houses of Parliament to the Commissioners of to the Commis Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and to amend nev°!L 4 the Provisions of the said Acts May it therefore please Your or Majesty that it may be epacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. The Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Appointment of Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Comrai#sloner#* and Ireland for the Time being, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, for the Time being, and such Persons as shall from Time to Time be appointed for this Purpose, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be the Commissioners for carrying the several recited Acts, so far as the subsisting Provisions thereof respectively are not hereby repealed or altered, and this Act, into execution, and the Powers vested in any other Commissioners by or under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them shall cease.

II. The First Meeting of the Commissioners acting under the Meetings of Authority of this Act may be convened by Notice or Summons Commissioners, in the Manner provided by the first-recited Act for the calling

of a Meeting of Commissioners where there should have been no Adjournment of a preceding Meeting; and all other the Provisions of the said Acts relating to General or Special Meetings of the Commissioners executing the same, and to the Proceedings of such Meetings, shall be applicable, as nearly as the Circumstances will require or permit, to the Meetings of the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and to their Proceedings at such Meetings.

III. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Power to ap-the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time Pomt additional being, and the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land mmissioner*-Revenues, and the Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings, for the Time being, present at any Meeting of the Commissioners executing this Act, and not being less than Three

3 D 3

Commissioners to have all the Powers and Property* and to be liable to all the Debts and Engage* ments, of old Commissioners.

Short Title of Act.

Jurisdiction of Commissioners and of Parishes, and of Commissioners of Woods, &c, defined by Plans.

Cap. 95.

Croton Estate Paving.

14 & 15 VICT.

in Number, to appoint any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, and every such Appointment shall be entered among the Proceedings of the Meeting at which the same shall be made, and every such appointed Commissioner shall have the same Powers and Authorities as if he had been appointed a Commissioner by this Act for carrying this Act and the subsisting Provisions of the recited Acts into execution, but shall be subject also to the like eventual Disqualifications and to the like eventual Penalties as any Commissioner to be elected and appointed under the Authority of the firstly-recited Act was under the like Circumstances eventually subjected to by virtue of the Fourth and Fifth Sections of that Act.

IV. All the Powers, Authorities, Monies, Property, Rights, and Credits of the Commissioners executing the several recited Acts, and the Benefit of all Securities, Contracts, and Engagements made to them, or to any of their Officers on their Behalf, and all the Debts, Duties, Engagements, Contracts, and Liabilities of the same Commissioners, shall stand transferred by virtue of this Act to the Commissioners for the Time being acting in execution hereof, and shall respectively be recoverable and enforceable accordingly by or against the last-mentioned Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers respectively, as fully and effectually as if they were the Commissioners appointed by or under the Authority only of the recited Acts, and continuing to execute the same Acts; and all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings commenced by or against the said former Commissioners, or any of their Officers on their Behalf, may be continued by or against the Commissioners executing this Act or their like Officers as if there were no Change of Commissioners, except only so far as any such Rights, Credits, Securities, Contracts, Debts, Duties, Engagements, and Liabilities respectively are by this Act expressly determined.

V. This Act may be cited in all other Acts and Instruments and in all legal Proceedings by the short Title of "The Crown Estate Paving Act, 1851."

VI. The following Plans which have been prepared for the Purposes of this Act, namely, a Plan, marked A, being of the Crown Estate in and near the present Regent's Park, and comprising the same Area, now distinguished by different Colours, with that comprised in the Plan No. 1, referred to in the firstly-recited Act; and secondly, a Plan, marked B, comprising all the Streets and other Places comprised in the Plan No. II., referred to in the firstly-recited Act, and of which the Streets coloured Brown in the Centre thereof upon the same Plan were as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof subjected to the Charge and Management of the said former Commissioners, and all the Streets and other Places comprised in the said Plan No. 5, referred to in the thirdly-recited Act, and of which the Streets coloured Blue upon the same Plan w ere as to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof subjected to the Charge and Management of the same Commissioners,

\ and

1851.

791

Crown Estate Paving. Cap. 95.

and the Carriageway of Pall Mall extending from the Eastern to the Western Side of Waterloo Place, and the Street formed on the Site of the said Two Houses, formerly numbered 92 and 93 in Pall Mall; and thirdly, a Plan, marked C, comprising the Carriageways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street, coloured Yellow on the Plan No. 8, referred to in the fourthly-recited Act, and all the Streets and other Places comprised in the Plan No. 3, referred to in the firstly-recited Act, and also the Street in front of the Admiralty Office and its Appurtenances referred to in the secondly-recited Act, and also Parliament Street and Bridge Street, Part of the Streets and Places comprised in the said Plan No. 7, referred to in the thirdly-recited Act, and also Great George Street and Little Bridge Street, and Part of the Street leading from Great George Street to Saint Margarets Churchyard, respectively coloured Pink on the Plan No. 9, referred to in the said fourthly-recited Act, all which said Streets and Parts of Streets were by the several last-mentioned Acts subjected as to the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid; and fourthly, a Plan, marked D, comprising the said Mews called Westminster Mews, and being similar of Extent to the said Plan No. 6, referred to in the said thirdly-recited Act; and lastly, a Plan, marked E, comprising all such Parts of New Palace Yard, Saint Margaret Street, and Old Palace Yard, and the adjoining Streets and Places, as were comprised in the said Plan No. 4, referred to in the secondly-recited Act, and also Abingdon Street and Little Abingdon Street, and the Terrace or Foot Pavement of New Palace Yard, Part of the Places comprised in the said Plan No.

7, referred to in the said thirdly-recited Act, all which said several Streets and Places are coloured Pink in the said Plan marked E, shall be authenticated each by the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and shall be deposited with and remain in the Custody of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and One Copy of each of the said Plans, signed by the said Speaker, shall be deposited in the Parliament Office, and One other Copy, so signed, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and that all Persons shall at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect the Copy of the said Plans so deposited with the Clerk of the Peace, at their Pleasure, paying the Sum of One Shilling for each such Inspection, and to take Copies from the said Plans or either of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, paying the 'Sum of One Shilling for every Copy so taken; and the said Plans or the Copies thereof, authenticated as aforesaid, shall be received in Evidence in all Proceedings relating to the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners and the Execution and Provisions of this Act.

VII. All the Power and Duty of the Commissioners appointed Power of by or under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, Commissioners or this Act, to pave, repair, light, water, and cleanse the several mo.

Carriageways and Footways now subsisting, or which may hereto cease.

793

Cap. 95. Crown Estate Paving. 14 & 15 VICT.

Defining the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of the Southampton Paving Trust.

after be made on the Ground or Area distinguished by the Brown Colour on the said Plan A, or for the sinking or maintaining of Wells or Pumps for the Purposes of such watering, or to levy, assess, or recover any future Bates upon or from any Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, or Properties comprised within the Limits coloured Brown upon the said Plan, or the Occupiers or Owners thereof, for defraying the Expenses of paving, repairing, lighting, watering, or cleansing any Streets or other Places thereon or elsewhere, or for paying the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, shall cease and determine, but without Prejudice to any Rights or Remedies of the said Commissioners or their Officers for the Recovery of any Rates which may be due and in arrear when this Act shall come into operation, or any Damages or Costs relating to such Arrears, which Rights and Remedies shall be available to and enforceable by the Commissioners executing this Act, or their Officers, as fully and effectually as the same would have been available or enforceable by the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, or their Officers respectively, if this Act had not been passed; and the Authorities limited by the Twenty-second Section of the firstly-recited Act to the Lord Hight reasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall not enable them to subject any other Streets or Places within the Limits coloured Brown on the said Plan Act to the Charge or Management of the Commissioners executing this and the recited Acts, so far as relates to the paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof, or for any of the said Purposes.

VIII. The paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of all the present and future Carriageways and Footways on so much of the Ground or Area coloured Brown on the said Plan A. as is situate in the Parish of Saint Pancra* shall be under the Charge or Management of the Commissioners of the Southampton Paving Trust, in whom the general Duty of paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing the public Carriageways and Footways of the adjoining Portion of the said Parish is vested, and who are authorized and required to cause the said Carriageways and Footways hereby transferred to their Charge and Management to be paved, repaired, lighted, watered, and cleansed accordingly; and all the Powers and Authorities vested or to be vested in the said Commissioners for the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of the other Carriageways and Footways under their Management, and for raising Funds for those Purposes by Rates to be assessed on the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties within their Jurisdiction or otherwise, shall extend and be applicable to the Streets and other Places hereby subjected for the like Purposes to their Charge and Management, and to the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties on the Area or Site coloured Brown on the said Plan A, and situate within the same Parish, and shall be exerciseable accordingly; and so much

1851.

Crown Estate Paving.

Cap. 95.

793

of the said Ground or Area coloured Brown shall to all Intents and Purposes form Part of the said Southampton Paving Trust, and he subject to the Provisions of any Act or Acts for the Peculation or Management of such Trust

IX. The Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways transferred by this Act to the Charge and Management of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and of all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, and Bails, Wells and Pumps thereon, now respectively belonging to the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, shall be vested by virtue of this Act in the said Commissioners of the Southampton Paving Trust, who shall have all the same Remedies for the Protection and Recovery thereof and against Injury thereto as are or shall be available to them for the Protection and Recovery of or against Injuries to any Materials or Articles of the like Nature belonging to any other Carriageways and Footways under their Management.

X. The said last-mentioned Commissioners shall nevertheless pay to the Commissioners executing this Act, as a proportionate Contribution towards the said remaining Debt oi Fourteen thousand Pounds incurred for the general Purposes of the said former Acts and the Interest thereof, the Principal Sum of Two thousand four hundred and thirty-five Pounds, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, with Interest thereon in the meantime, to be computed from the Day on which this Act shall come into operation up to the Payment of the said Principal Sum, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which said Principal and Interest Monies shall respectively be applied forthwith, or as soon as shall be practicable after the Receipt thereof by the said Commissioners, towards Payment of the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof.

XI. The paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of all Carriageways or Footways now subsisting or hereaf ter to be made, or so much of the said Ground or Area coloured Brown on the said Plan A. as is situate in the Parish of Saint Margie-bone9 shall be under the Charge and Management of the Vestrymen of that Parish, who shall provide for the due paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing thereof accordingly, and shall have the same Authorities for those Purposes, and for raising the Funds to be therefore required, as would have been vested in them if the last-mentioned Carriageways and Footways had been within the Application of the Twenty-sixth Section of the firstly-recited Act, and the Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways transferred by this Act to the Care and Management of the last-mentioned Vestrymen, and of all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, Rails, Wells, and Pump9 thereon now respectively belonging to the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, shall be vested by virtue of this Act in the same Vestrymen, who shall have all the same Powers and Remedies for the Protection

and

Property of Pavements, Lamps, and Lamp Irons District transferred to South ampton Paving Trust to belong to that Trust.

Southampton Paving Trust to pay 2, 4357. in part Dia* charge of exist* ing Debt of 14,0007.

Jurisdiction of the Vestry of Saint Maryle-bone.

794 Cap. 95. Crown Estate Paving. 14 & 15 VICT.

and Recovery thereof and against Injury thereto as are or shall be available to them for the Protection or Recovery of or against Injnry to any Materials or Articles of the like Nature belonging to any other Carriageways or Footways under their Management.

Saint Maryle- XII. The said Vestrymen shall nevertheless pay to the Comnp*ut Di*82* Hu88*01161*8 executing this Act, as a proportionate Contribution charge of exist- towards the said remaining Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds ing Debt of incurred for the general Purposes of the said former Acts and

14,000l. the Interest thereof, the Principal Sum of Eighty-two Pounds

on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, with Interest thereon in the meantime, to be computed from the Day on which this Act shall come into operation up to the Payment of the said Principal Sum, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, which said Principal and Interest Monies shall respectively be applied forthwith, or as soon as shall be practicable after the Receipt thereof by the said Commissioners, towards Payment of the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof.

Powers of XIII. All the Power and Duty of the Commissioners ap-

Commissioners pointed by or under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, to pave, repair, light, water, and cleanse to cease as to the several Carriageways and Footways now subsisting or which Pavements, &c. may hereafter be made upon the Ground comprised in any of the ^dE*18 B* C Plans respectively marked B, C, and E, and now subjected for those Purposes to the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, or to sink or maintain Wells or Pumps for the Purposes of such watering, or to levy, assess, or recover any future Rates upon or from any Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, or Properties, within the Limits comprised in the last-mentioned Plans or either of them, for defraying the Expenses of paving, repairing, lighting, watering, or cleansing any Streets or other Places thereon or elsewhere, or for paying the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds or the Interest thereof, or to pave, light, water, or cleanse any other Streets or Places which might otherwise be subjected to their Charge and Management for those Purposes under the Fifty-fifth Section of the thirdly-recited Act, or to levy Rates or raise Funds for those Purposes, shall cease and determine; and upon Payment of a proportionate Part only, to be computed up to and inclusively of the Day on which this Act shall come into operation, of the said yearly Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds, payable to the said Commissioners by the Committee for lighting, paving, and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields under the Provisions of the fourthly-recited Act, and all Arrears thereof if any, the said yearly Sum shall also cease and be no longer payable, but without Prejudice to any Rights or Remedies of the said Commissioners or their Officers for the Recovery of any Rates or any Sums on account of the said yearly Sum of Six hundred and fifty-three Pounds which respectively may be inarrear, or any Damages or Costs relating to such Arrears,

which

795

1851. Crown Estate Paving. Gap* 95.

which Rights and Remedies shall be available to and enforceable by the Commissioners executing this Act, and their Officers respectively, as fully and effectually as the same might have been available to or enforceable by the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, or their Officers respectively, if this Act had not been passed.

XIV. The paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of all such of the present and future Carriageways and Footways within the Limits of either of the said Plans B and C as are or shall be made within the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and which respectively are or would otherwise be under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners executing the recital Acte and this Act, and of all such of the present and future Carriageways and* Footways within the Limits of either of the said Plans B and C as are or shall be made within the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and which respectively are or would otherwise be under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners, shall be under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parish of Saint James Westminster; and the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of all such of the present and future Carriage and Foot Ways within the Limits of either of the said Plans B and C as are or shall be within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and which are or would otherwise be under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners executing the recited Acts and this Act, shall be under the Charge and Management of the Committee for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing of all such of the present and future Carriageways and Footways within the Limits of either of the said Plans B and C as are or shall be within the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, and which are or would otherwise be under the Charge and Management of the said Commissioners executing the recited Acte and this Act, shall be under the Charge and Management of the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster; and the said Committee and Parochial Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized and required to cause the Carriageways and Footways hereby transferred to their Charge and Management respectively to be paved, repaired, lighted, watered, and cleansed accordingly; and all the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Committee and Parochial Commissioners respectively for paving, repairing, lighting, watering, and cleansing the other Carriageways and Footways under their Management, and for raising Funds for those Purposes by Rates to be assessed on the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties within their Jurisdiction or otherwise, shall extend and be applicable to the Carriageways and Footways, and to such of the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties respectively comprised in either of the Jurisdiction of Commissioners for paying Saint James Westminster;

of Committee for paying Saint Martin in the Fields;

and of Commissioners for paying Saint Margaret and Saint John Westminster;

Property of subsisting Pavements, &c. in Saint James Westminster to belong to that Parish.

Pavements, &c. in Saint Martin's in the Fields to belong to that Parish.

Pavements, &c. in Saint Mar-jraret and Saint John Westminster to belong to those Parishes.

Saint James's Parish to pay 3, S00L towards Discharge of existing Debt of Commissioners acting under 5 G. 4. cs 100., Saint Martin's in the Fields to pay 2, 443/., and Saint Margaret and Saint John, Westminster, to pay 1, 549/.

Vestrymen may make and levy

Cap. 95. Crown Estate Paving. 14 & 15 VICT.

said Plans B and C, as are hereby subjected for the like Purposes to their Charge and Management.

XV. The Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the, Carriageways and Footways transferred by this Act to the Charge and Management of the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and of all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, Bails, Wells, and Pumps and other Things thereon now respectively belonging to the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, shall be vested by virtue of this Act

in the said Parochial Commissioners.

XVI. And the Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways transferred by this Act to the Charge and Management of the Committee for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and of all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, Bails, Wells, and Pumps and other Things thereon now respectively belonging to the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, shall be vested by virtue of this Act in the same Committee.

XVII. And the Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the Carriageways and Footways transferred by this Act to the Charge and Management of the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, shall be vested by virtue of this Act in the last-mentioned Commissioners.

XVIII. The several proportionate Contributions following shall be paid by or on behalf of the Three last-named Parishes respectively to the Commissioners executing this Act towards the Discharge of the said remaining Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds incurred for the general Purposes of the said former Acts as aforesaid; that is to say, the Sum of Three thousand three hundred Pounds by the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parish of Saint James Westminster, the Sum of Two thousand four hundred and forty-three Pounds by the Committee for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin's in the Fields, and the Sum of OYie thousand five hundred and forty-nine Pounds by the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster; and the said several Payments shall be severally made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, with Interest thereon in the meantime at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Day on which this Act shall come into operation up to Payment of the Principal Sums respectively, which said Principal and Interest Monies shall respectively be applied by the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, forthwith or as soon as practicable after the Receipt thereof, towards Payment of the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof.

XIX. That it shall be lawful for the Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities respectively upon whom the

Payment

I

1851, Crown Estate Paving. Cap. 95.

Payment of any such proportionate Contributions as aforesaid is. imposed by this Act, from Time to Time to make, assess, and levy a special Rate upon the Occupiers of the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Grounds, and Properties hereby made subject to the Jurisdiction of such Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities as aforesaid, for the Amount of the several Contributions to the Payment of which such Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities as aforesaid are hereby made liable, and also for the Amount of any Interest or Expenses which may become payable by them respectively by reason of the deferred Repayment of such respective Contributions; and that every such special Rate shall be made and levied in such and the same Way as the said Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities are by their respective Local Acts empowered to levy Rates for the general Purposes of their said respective Acts, and shall be of such an Amount from Time to Time as will be sufficient to discharge the whole of such several Contributions, with such Interest and Expenses as aforesaid, within such Period not exceeding Twenty Years as to the said several local Authorities as aforesaid shall seem fit; and that the Produce of every such Rate shall be carried to a separate Account, and be applied accordingly.

XX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel or authorize the Committee for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields to make, assess, or levy upon the Occupiers of any Houses, Shops, Buildings, Yards, or Properties abutting upon or fronting the Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street the said special Rate by this Act authorized to be assessed and levied upon the Occupiers of the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Yards, and Properties hereby made subject to the Jurisdiction of such Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities as aforesaid, for the Amount of the several Contributions or Monies in respect of the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, to Payment of which such Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities as aforesaid are hereby made liable.

XXI. That it shall be lawful for such Vestrymen, Committees, or other local Authorities as aforesaid to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of any Rates and Assessments made and levied or to be made and levied by virtue of their respective Local Acts of Parliament, and upon the Credit of any Rates which may be made and levied under the Authority of this Act, or on the Credit of any Part or Portion of any such Rates respectively, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively be called upon to pay to the said Commissioners under the Provisions herein-before contained as and for their respective proportional Contributions towards the said Debt or Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds; and that the Amount so respectively borrowed shall be secured by a Charge or respective Charges on such Rates respectively, to be made and executed in

79T

Rates to pay proportionate Contributions.

Special Rate not to be levied upon Houses, See. fronting Footways of Cockspur Street and Charing Cross Street.

Vestrymen may borrow Money on Credit of the Rates.

Cap. 95.

Crown Estate -Paving.

14 & 15 VICT.

Local Authorities of the Parish of Saint James Westminster to levy an extra Rate, to be called "The Regent Street Rate.* '

Present

Breadth of Foot Pavements to

such and the same Way as each local Authorities respectively are now authorized and enabled to borrow Money for the Purposes of the said Acts under which they are respectively constituted, and shall be in addition to the Sum of Money which such local Authorities respectively are now enabled to borrow under the Powers of their said respective Acts of Parliament

XXII. That it shall be lawful for the local Authorities in the Parish of Saint James Westminster to whom the Control of such Carriageways and Footways as aforesaid shall have been transferred by this Act, when and as they may respectively consider it necessary or proper during such Time as the said Carriageways or any Part thereof shall continue macadamized, to make, assess, and levy from Time to Time a further separate Rate, to be called "The Regent Street Rate," upon the Occupiers of the Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties hereby made subject to their Jurisdiction, for the Purpose of defraying any extra Expense which may have been occasioned by the paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, or repairing of such Carriageways and Footways beyond the average Cost of the other Carriageways and Footways then subject to their Jurisdiction, such Rate to be made, assessed, and levied from Time to Time by the said local Authorities in like Manner as by their Local Act or Acts they are empowered to levy Rates for the general Purposes of such Act or Acts; but the total Rate to which such Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Property shall be liable shall not exceed in any One Year by more than One Third the Rate to which the other Houses, Shops, Buildings, Ground, and Properties within the said Parish of Saint James Westminster shall be liable for similar Objects.

XXIII. All the subsisting Foot Pavements comprised in the said Plans B and C, and of which respectively the Breadth exclusive of the Areas to the adjoining Houses is stated on the said Plans, shall be always maintained of the same Breadth at the least, unless the Commissioners executing this Act shall by their written Permission, signed by their Clerk, authorize the Contraction thereof, and then wall be reduced only according to such Permission or Authority; and that if the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall at any Time or Times be contracted without such Permission and Authority of the Commissioners executing this Act, the Surveyor or other Officer having the Superintendence of such contracted Foot Pavements shall, upon Proof of such Contraction before any Justice of the Peace for the City of Westminster, or if there shall be no such Surveyor or Officer then the Committee or Commissioners for paving and improving, under whose Charge and Management the said Footpath shall be, shall be convicted by such Justice in any Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds or less than Two Pounds, and upon Proof before any such Justice of the Continuance of such Contraction after sum First Conviction shall be convicted by him as often as the Cafe may oooour in any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds or less

79 *

1851* Crown Estate Paving* Cap. 95.

than Two Pounds for every Week subsequent tojhe said first Conviction during which the same Contraction shall continue; and all such Penalties shall be paid to the Commissioners executing this Act, and shall be applied by them to the general Purposes thereof hereby directed to be performed by the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And all the Pavements within the said Plans B and C, hereby transferred from the Superintendence of the said Commissioners, and all the Lamps and Lamp Posts and Irons thereon, shall be maintained by the Committee or Commissioners for paving and improving to whose Charge and Management the same are transferred, in conformity to the Plans and Designs in which respectively the same have been laid out and fixed, unless the said Commissioners executing this Act shall in manner aforesaid authorize any Deviation from such Plans or Designs.

XXV. All the Powers, Duties, and Authorities whatsoever of the Commissioners appointed by or under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, for the paving, repairing, lighting, watering, cleansing, and regulating the Carriageways and Footways of all the Streets, Squares, and other Places comprised in the said Plan E, shall be vested in and exercisable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being.

XXVI. And the Property of all the subsisting Pavements of the same Carriageways and Footways, and of all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts and Bails, and Wells and Pumps thereon, now respectively belonging to the Commissioners executing the recited Acts, shall be vested by virtue of this Act in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, who shall have all the same Powers and Remedies for the Protection and Recovery thereof respectively, and against Injuries thereto, as are vested by virtue of the recited Acts or any of them in the Commissioners executing the same.

XXVII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings shall nevertheless pay to the Commissioners executing this Act, as a proportionate Contribution towards the Discharge of the said remaining Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, the Principal Sum of Eight hundred and thirty-six Pounds on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, with Interest thereon in the meantime, to be computed at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annunty from the Day on which this Act shall come into operation to the Day on which the said Principal Sum shall be discharged, which Principal and Interest Monies shall be applied by the last-mentioned Commissioners, upon or as soon as may be after their Receipt thereof, towards the Discharge of the said Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds

and the Interest thereof!

XXVIII. The Twenty-third Section of the thirdly-recited Act and the Sixth Section of the fourthly-recited Act, by virtue whereof respectively Her Majesty as Owner of any public

Lamps and Lamp Posts to remain of the same Designs.

Powers of Commissioners acting under 5 G. 4. c. 100. for paving, 4c. Approaches to the Houses of Parliament vested in Commissioners of Works, &c. Property of Pavements, Sec. vested in Commissioners of Works, 4c.

Commissioners of Works to pay 836/. in part of existing Debt

Repeal of Sect 33. 9 G. 4. c. 64. and Sect 6.2 W. 4. c. 56.

Cap. 95.

Crown Estate Paving.

14 & 15 Vict:

Jurisdiction of Commissioners executing the recited Acts to remain over so much of the Crown Estate as will continue under their Jurisdiction.

Buildings within the Limits referred to in the same Sections respectively, Her Heirs and Successors, is and are liable to be rated and assessed for the Purposes also therein referred to, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and in respect of any Building or Portion of a Building used and occupied exclusively for the Public Service of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings shall and they are hereby required, by and out of such Monies as may from Time to Time be placed at their Disposal for that Purpose by Parliament, to pay to the said Committee for paving the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint Margaret and Saint John Westminster respectively such Sum or Sums of Money as such Building or Portion of a Building, or the Owner or Occupier thereof, might from Time to Time have been lawfully charged with the Payment of by the said Committees of the said respective Parishes under the Authority of this Act if such Building or Portion of a Building had not been used or occupied for the Public Service of Her Majesty exclusively.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall operate to determine, limit, alter, or unpair the Jurisdiction or any of the Powers and Authorities given by the several recited Acts or any of them to the Commissioners executing the same over or with respect to so much of the Crown Estate in or near the Regent's Park as is coloured Red on the said Plan A, or over or with respect to any Part of the said Estate not distinguished by the Brown Colour on the same Plan, or over or with respect to any Carriageways or Footways now subsisting or hereafter to be made on any Part of the said Estate not distinguished by the Brown Colour on the last-mentioned Plan, or over or with respect to any Gardens, Shrubberies, or ornamental Inclosures comprised in any Part of the said Plan, or in any of the Plans authenticated and deposited under the several Provisions of the recited Acts, or by the said Acts or any of them authorized to be placed under the Jurisdiction and Management of the same Commissioners, or over or with respect to the Construction, or ornamenting, colouring, painting, or defacing of any Streets, Houses, or Buildings, or over or with respect to the said Mews called Westminster Mews, comprised in the said Plan D., or any Authorities or Rights whatsoever given by the said Acts or any of them to the Commissioners executing the same as Commissioners of Sewers, or for making or maintaining any Sewers or Drains, or for raising the Expenses thereof, or any other Jurisdiction, Powers or Authorities whatsoever by the said Acts or any of them vested in the Commissioners executing the same, and not hereby expressly determined, limited, altered, or transferred to other Parties than the Commissioners appointed to execute this Act and the subsisting Provisions of the recited Acts, but that all the Jurisdiction, Authorities, and Powers whatsoever by the recited Acts or any of them given to the Commissioners executing the same shall be vested in and exercisable

Croum Estate Paving.

Cap. 95.

SO *

by the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue of this Act, so far as shall not be inconsistent with the express Provisions hereof, as fully and effectually as the same respectively would have been vested in or exercisable by the Commissioners executing the recited Acts if this Act had not been made.

XXX. And for removing Question as to the Extent of Authority which by virtue of the fourthly-recited Act and this Act will be vested in the Commissioners executing tins Act, for undertaking from Time to Time and causing to be executed the cleaning and colouring of the outside Stucco and Stone Work of any Houses, Buildings, or Walls within the Purview of the same Acts, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to cause such colouring to be effected by means of Oil Painting in all or any Cases in which they shall consider that Method the most expedient, and that the Thirty-first Section of the said fourthly-recited Act, by which Provision is made for answering the Expense of cleaning and colouring the Stucco and Stone \V ork authorized to be cleaned and coloured by the Commissioners acting in execution of the same Act, and the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Sections of the same Act, shall henceforth be construed and operate with this Act, as if the Commissioners acting in execution of that Act had been originally or expressly authorized to effect or cause to be effected by means of Oil Painting all the colouring which they were thereby authorized to undertake, but that the Thirtieth Section of the same Act, restricting the said Commissioners for undertaking the cleaning and colouring of the outside Stucco or Stone Work of any Houses, Buildings, or Walls, without such Consent as therein specified, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXI. The several Commissioners, Committees, or other Parties in whom any Pavements, Lamps, Irons, Posts, Kails, Wells, Pumps, or other Materials shall be vested by virtue of this Act, or to whose Management or Charge any Carriageways or Footways are hereby transferred, shall respectively have all the same Remedies and Authorities for the Protection and Recovery of the Articles so vested in them, and against Injuries thereto, and for the Prevention of Nuisances and Obstructions to any such Carriageways or Footways, and the Punishment of Parties causing any such Nuisances or Obstructions, as are or shall be available to them for the Protection and Recovery of or against Injuries to any like Articles vested in them respectively for parochial or public Purposes, and for the Prevention of Nuisances and Obstructions to any other Carriageways or Footways under their Management or Charge, and for the Punishment of Parties causing the same Nuisances or Obstructions.

XXXII. Any Contract or Engagement entered into by the Commissioners for executing the several recited Acts, or by any of their Officers on their Behalf, for paving, repairing, lighting, watering, or cleansing the several Carriageways and Footways by such Acts subjected to the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners, shall, on the Provisions of this Act coming into operation, be

Power to Commissioners to colour the outside Stucco and Stone Work of Houses and Buildings bj Oil Painting.

The general Powers of the Vestries and -Parochial Committees extended to the Carriage and Foot Ways transferred to them by this Act.

Existing Contracts transferred to Parties having future Charge of Carriageways, See.

802

Cap. 95 *

Orbwn Estate Paving.

14 & 15 VICT.

Original Contracts to be apportioned.

Costa of the Act and Recovery of Contributions from the Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings and the Parishes re-qpaetively *

respectively transferred to the Parties and Persons to whom the Charge and Management of the several and respective Carriageways and Footways are by this Act transferred, and to the Parties and Persons who are thereafter respectively authorized to pave, repair, light, water, or cleanse the same Carriage* ways and Footways; and such several and respective Parties and Persons are hereby respectively authorized and required to perform the Conditions of every such Contract or Agreement, and are hereby entitled to all the Benefit! and Advantages of, and are authorized to enforce, every such Contract or Agreement, in such and the like Way and Manner, and to the §ame Extent, as if they had respectively entered into the same instead of the Commissioners for executing the several recited Acts, or any of the Officers of such Commissioners on their Behalf.

XXXIII. Every such Contract or Engagement originally entered into with respect to more than One of the several Parishes to which this Act applies shall be apportionable and apportioned by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Acts, so as to be after the Commencement of this Act enforced in all respects as if the same had originally been several, distinct, and separate Contracts or Engagements, and One of such Contracts or Engagements had accordingly been originally entered into with respect to each Parish.

AXXIV. That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act, or incident thereto, the Amount whereof shall be conclusively ascertained and settled by the Certificate of the Solicitor to the Treasury, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the Commissioners executing the said recited Acts or this Act, and shall be repaid to them, or to their Treasurer, by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, the Commissioners of the Southampton Paving Trust, the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, the Committee for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James Westminster, the Committee for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the Commissioners for paving and improving the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster, respectively, in the same Proportions in which such last-mentioned Commissioners and several Vestrymen and Committees are Respectively required by this Act to contribute and pay to the Commissioners executing this Act the said remaining Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds, and that such Proportions shall be added to the Amount of Debt herein-before charged on each Parish respectively, and shall be repaid to the local Authorities in the same Way as their respective Contributions to the said Debt of Fourteen thousand Pounds are hereby directed to be repaid; and that in case Default shall be made by the Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings, or the said several Vestrymen and Committees, or any of the said Parties respectively, in the due Payment of any Principal or Interest Monies

le which

1851.

803

Crown Estate Paving. Cap. 95, 96.

which shall be due from them respectively or any of them, by way of Contribution to or on account of the said Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, or the Costs, Charges, and Expenses lastly herein-before referred to, the Commissioners executing this Act, by themselves, or their Clerk or Treasurer, shall be competent to recover from the Parties making such Default the Monies dne from them respectively by Action in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, with Costs of Suit.

XXXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act or the said recited Acts contained shall subject or charge the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or the Capital or Income of the Possessions or Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, to or with the Payment of any Rate or Assessment, Sum of Money, Debt, or Liability, or the Performance of any Contract or Engagement made, entered into, or incurred, or which may be made, entered into, or incurred, in relation to paving, lighting, cleansing, or watering, under the Authority of this Act or the said recited Acts or any of them.

XXXVI. And lastly this Act shall come into operation and shall take effect on and from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend The Mercantile

" Marine Act, 1850:' Be it -therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited as the " Mercantile Marine Act Amendment Act, 1851," and shall come into operation immediately on tlje passing thereof.

II. This Act shall, so far as is consistent with the Contents And Subject Matter thereof, be taken as Part of and construed with the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

III. If any Local Marine Board, by reason of any Election mot taking place, or of the simultanebus Resignation or constant Nonattendance of all or the greater Part of the Members, or from any other Cause, fails to meet or to discharge its Duties, the Board of Trade may, in its Discretion, either take into its own Hands the Performance of the Duties of such Local Marine Board until the next triennial Appointment and Election -thereof, or direct that a new Appointment and Election of such Local Marine Board shall take place immediately.

IV. If any Master or Mate is convicted of Felony, or is ^convicted and sentenced to Imprisonment, either summarily or

3 E 2

ViUUVlv '

Exemption as regards Her Majesty the Queen and the Land Revenues of the Crown.

Act to take effect from 10th Oct. 1841.

[Short Title.]

To be taken as Part of IS & 14 Vict. c. 9S.

If any Local Marine Board fail to discharge its Duties, the Board of Trade may assume its Duties, or direct a new Election.

Increased Powers of cancelling or sus-

i

«04

pending Certificates.

Certificates of Masters, &c. may be appropriate to Station of Holder or a superior Grade.

Certificates of Masters and Mates to be produced to Shipping Masters, who are to certify the same, and the proper Execution of the Agreement, for the Satisfaction of the Officers of Customs.

Cap. 96. Mercantile Marine Act Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

otherwise, under any of the Provisions of the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, or of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, the Board of Trade may cancel or suspend his Certificate, whether of Competency or Service; and if upon any Investigation held under the Twenty-eighth Section of the said Mercantile Marine Act the Report of the Board or Persons making the same is to the Effect that such Master or Mate has been guilty of any gross and repeated Acts of Dishonesty, or of Drunkenness, or of Tyranny, the Board of Trade may cancel or suspend his Certificate, whether of Competency or Service, and any such Cancellation or Suspension shall have the same Effect as any Cancellation or Suspension made under the said Twenty-eighth Section of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850; provided that the Powers hereby given shall not affect or diminish the Powers given by the said Twenty-eighth Section of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

Y. In any Case in which Masters or Mates of Merchant Ships are required to possess or produce Certificates of Competency or Service, such Certificates may be either of a Grade appropriate to the Stations held by them for the Time being, or of any superior Grade.

VI. After the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Master of every Foreign-going Ship shall, on signing the Agreement with his Crew ns required by the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, produce to the Shipping Master before whom the same is signed the Certificate of Competency or Service which the said Master and his First and Second Mate or only Mate, as the Case may be, are by the said Act required to possess; and upon such Production being duly made, and the Agreement, being duly executed, as by the said Act is required, the Shipping Master shall sign and give to the Master a Certificate to that Effect; and in the Case of running Agreements, herein-after provided for, the Shipping Master shall before the Second and every subsequent Voyage made after the First Commencement of the Agreement sign and give to the Master, on his complying with the Provisions hereinafter contained with respect to such Agreements, and producing to the Shipping Master the Certificate of Competency or Service of any First, Second, or only Mate then first engaged by him, a Certificate to that Effect; and the Master of every Foreign-going Ship shall before proceeding to Sea produce the Certificate so to be given to him by the Shipping Master as aforesaid to the Collector or Comptroller of Customs, and the Collector or Comptroller may thereupon, notwithstanding any Provision to the contrary in the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, contained, allow such Ship to proceed to Sea without requiring the Production of the Certificates of Competency or Service or the Agreement with the Crew; and no Officer of Customs shall clear any Foreign-going Ship Outwards or permit

her

1851. Mercantile Marine Act Amendment Cap. 96.

her to proceed to Sea without the Production of such Certificate from the Shipping Master as aforesaid.

VII. Such Provisions of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, as relate to the Engagement and Discharge of Seamen in the Presence of a Shipping Master, shall extend to all Engagements and Discharges of Seamen made within the Limits of the United Kingdom in and from Foreign-going British Ships, in whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions such Ships may be registered or licensed, and in whatever Trade or Occupation (other than the Trade or Occupation of Home Trade Ships) they may be employed, and whether the same have or have not previously been within the Limits of the United Kingdom; and such Provisions of the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria as relate to the Transmission or Delivery of the Account or List referred to in the said Act as Schedule C. shall apply to all Ships as aforesaid when discharging their Crews in the United Kingdom; provided that if the Master of any Ship not belonging to the United Kingdom who engages Seamen in the United Kingdom is furnished with an Agreement made in due Form according to the Law of the Territory or Colony to which such Ship belongs, the Seamen so engaged in the United Kingdom may sign such Agreement in the Presence of the Shipping Master, and the Master shall not be compelled to enter into an Agreement with them in the Form required by the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

VIII. If the Crew of any Ship registered in any Territory or Colony being Part of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad is engaged within the Limits of such Territory or Colony according to the Laws for the Time being in force there for a Voyage which is to terminate in such Territory or Colony, and is so expressed in the Agreement, such Ship shall not, by reason of her touching in the course of such Voyage at any Place or Places in the United Kingdom, and likewise at other Places not situate in such Territory or Colony as aforesaid, be construed to be a Ship to which the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, or this Act, applies, except so far as relates to the Engagement or Discharge of any Seaman engaged in or discharged from such Ship within the Limits of the United Kingdom.

IX. In the Case of Foreign-going Ships making Voyages averaging less than Six Months in Duration, Agreements with the Crew may be made to extend over Two or more Voyages in the Manner and subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) no such Agreement shall extend beyond the next following Thirtieth of June or Thirty-first oi December, or the First Arrival of the Ship at her Port of Destination in the United Kingdom after such Date; and every Person entering into such Agreement, whether engaged upon the First Commencement thereof or otherwise, (except Seamen engaged out of the United Kingdom and such Substitutes as herein-after mentioned,) shall enter into and sign the same in the Manner required by the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, in the Case

3 E 3 of

805

As to Engagements and Discharges for Colonial Ships made before Shipping Masters.

Provisions of 7 & 8 Vice c. 112. as relate to the Transmission of Accounts, &c. referred to in Schedule C. to apply to all Ships, &c.

Colonial Ships merely touching on the United Kingdom not to be deemed on that Account to fall within the 1S & 14 Vict.

C. 9S.S.4.

Foreign-going Ships making short Voyages may have running Agree-

Manner of commencing and terminating such Agreements.

Engagement and Discharge of Seamen in the-meantime.

Duplicates of Agreements may be kept by Shipping Master, or returned.

Fees to be paid on such running Agreements.

Enactments concerning Agreements, &c. to apply to certain Cases. Shipping Masters are to assist in binding Apprentices, and may receive

I

Cap. 96; Mercantile Marine Act Amendment 14 & 15 VICT

of Foreign-going Ships; and every Person engaged thereunder, if discharged in the United Kingdom, shall be discharged in the Manner required by the said Act for the Discharge of Seamen belonging to Foreign-going Ships; and Seamen engaged out of the United Kingdom, and Substitutes engaged in the Place of Seamen who have duly signed this Agreement, and whose Services are lost within Twenty-four Houre before the Ship puts to Sea, by Death, Desertion, or other unforeseen Cause, may be engaged in the Manner provided for such Cases by the Forty* seventh Section of the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

X. The Master of every Foreign-going Ship for which such a running Agreement as aforesaid is made shall, upon every Return to any Port in the United Kingdom before the final Termination of the Agreement, discharge or engage before the Shipping Master there any Seaman whom he is required by Law so to discharge and engage, and shall indorse on the Agreement a Statement (as the Case may be\ either that no such Discharges or Engagements have been made or are intended to be made before the Ship again leaves Port, or that all such Discharges or Engagements have been duly made as herein-before required; and any Master who wilfully makes a false Statement in such Indorsement shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and the Shipping Master shall also sign an Indorsement on the Agreement to the Effect that the Provisions of this Act relating to such Agreement have been complied with, and shall re-deliver the Agreement so indorsed to the Master, when signed and attested.

XI. In Cases in which such running Agreements are made, the Duplicate Agreement retained by the Shipping Master upon the First Engagement of the Crew shall either be returned to the Registrar of Seamen immediately, or be kept by the Shipping Master until the Expiration of the Agreement, as the Board of Trade may direct.

XII. For the Purpose of determining the Fees to be paid upon the Engagement and Discharge of Seamen belonging to such Ships as aforesaid, the Crews shall be considered to be engaged when the Agreement is first signed, and to be discharged when the Agreement finally terminates, and all intermediate Engagements and Discharges shall be considered to be Engagements and Discharges of single Seamen: Provided that nothing herein contained shall affect the Power of reducing Fees which the Board of Trade possesses under the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

XIII. Except as herein-before provided, all Enactments relating to Agreements or to Discharges which are contained in the said Act shall apply to Agreements and Discharges effected in the Manner herein-before mentioned.

XIV. All Shipping Masters appointed under the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, shall, it applied to for the Purpose* give to any Boards of Guardians or other Persons desirous of apprenticing Boys to the Sea Service, and to Masters and

Owners

1351* Mercantik ltfarine Act Amendment Cap. 96

Owners of Ships requiring Apprentices, such. Assistance as is in their Power, and is consistent with their other Duties, for facilitating the making of such Apprenticeships, and shall, notwithstanding anything, in the Act of the Ninth Year of Her Majesty

Sueen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, or in the ercantile Marine Act, 1850, contained, be entitled to demand and receive from Persons availing themselves of such Assistance such Pees as may be determined in that Behalf by the Board of Trade, with the Concurrence, so far as relates to Parish Apprentices, of the Poor Law Board; and such Fees shall be accounted for and applied in the same Manner as Fees received under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

XV. Such Provisions of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, as require the Masters or Owners of Ships of less than Eighty Tons Burden, employed exclusively in trading between different Places on the Coast of the United Kingdom, to keep, use, produce, or deliver Agreements with their Crews, and such Provisions of the same Act as require the Masters or Owners of any such Ships as last aforesaid, of whatever Burden, to keep, use, produce, or deliver Official Log Books, shall be repealed.

XVI. So much of the Fifty-ninth Section of the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, as provides that Advance Notes shall not be given to Seamen who sign the Agreement before a Shipping Master until Four Hours after the Agreement has been so signed, shall be repealed; and so much of the Sixtieth Section of the same Act as relates to the Breach of such Provision shall also be repealed.

XVII. The Sixty-first Section of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, shall be repealed; and in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That whenever any Advance Note is discounted for any Seaman, such Seaman shall sign or set his Mark to a Receipt indorsed on the Note, stating the Sum actually paid or accounted for to him by the Person discounting the same; and if the Seaman sails in the Ship from the Port of Departure mentioned in the Note, and is then duly earning his Wages, or is previously discharged with the Consent of the Master, but not otherwise* the Person discounting the Note may. Ten Days after the final Departure of the Ship from the said Port of Departure mentioned in the Note, sue for and recover the Amount promised by the Note, with Costs, either from the Owner or from any Agent who has drawn or authorized the drawing of the Note, cither in the County Court or in the summary Manner in which Seamen are by the General. Merchant Seamen's Act enabled to sue for and recover Wages not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in any such Proceeding it shall be sufficient for such Person to prove that the Note was given by the Owner or Master or some other authorized Agent, and that the same was discounted to and receipted by the Seaman, and the Seaman shall be presumed to have sailed in the Ship from euch Port as aforesaid, and to be duly earning his Wages, unless the contrary is proved, either by the Production of his Register

Coasters to ba relieved from carrying Official Logs, and if of less than Eighty Tons from carrying Agreements.

Advance Notes may be given at the Time of signing Agreement.

Repeal of

Section 61. of 1S& 14 Vict 14 Vict. c. 93., and other Provisions substituted.

Advance Notea to be receipted when discounted.

Certain

Evidence to be sufficient

808 Cap. 96. Mercantile Marine Act Amendment 14 & 15 VICT.

Ticket, or by the official Statement of the Change in the Crew caused by his Absence, made and signed by the Master, as by the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, required, or in some other Manner.

Power of dispensing with Lime Juice, &c. extended.

Power to substitute other Articles for Lime Juice.

XVIII. The Power of dispensing with so much of the Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, as relates to Lime or Lemon Juice, Sugar and Vinegar, which is by the Sixty-fifth Section of the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, given to the Board of Trade, shall extend to Ships bound to any Port on the Eastern Coast of North America North of the Thirty-fifth Degree of North Latitude, and to any Islands or Places in the Atlantic Ocean North of the same Limits.

XIX. The Board of Trade may direct that Citric Acid, or any other Article of a similar Nature, may, at the Discretion of Masters or Owners of Ships, be substituted for the Lime or Lemon Juice required by the Eighteenth Section of the Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, and may impose any Conditions it thinks fit upon any such Substitution, and may revoke any such Directions; and no Master or Owner who complies with such Direct ions shall be compelled to carry or serve out Lime or Lemon Juice, or be liable to any Penalty for not carrying or serving out the same.

Penalty for harbouring Deserters to extend to harbouring Men who refuse to join.

Misconduct in Pilots, endangering Ship, Life, or Limb, to be a Misdemeanor.

Costs of procuring Imprisonment may to the Extent of SL be deducted from Wages.

XX. Such Provisions of the Tenth Section of the Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, as relate to the harbouring or secreting of Deserters, shall extend to the harbouring or secreting of any Seaman who after duly signing the Agreement wilfully neglects or refuses to join his Ship, or of any Apprentice who so neglects or refuses.

XXI. Any Pilot in charge of any Ship who by wilful Breach of Duty or by Neglect of Duty, or by reason of Drunkenness, does any Act tending to the immediate Loss, Destruction, or serious Damage of such Ship, or tending immediately to endanger the Life or Limb of any Person on board of such Ship* or who by wilful Breach of Duty or Neglect of Duty, or by reason of Drunkenness, refuses or omits to do any lawful Act proper and requisite to be done by him for preserving such Ship from Loss, Destruction, or serious Damage, or for preserving any Person belonging to or on board of such Ship from Danger to Life or Limb, shall for each such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXII. Whenever in any Proceeding relating to Seamen's Wages it is shown that any Seaman or Apprentice has in the course of the Voyage bpen convicted of any Offence by any competent Tribunal, and rightfully punished therefor by Im-

?risonment or otherwise, the Court or Justice hearing the Jase may, if they or he think fit, direct a Part of the Wages due to such Seaman, not exceeding Three Pounds, to be applied

in

809

Mercantile Marine Act Amendment. Cap. 96.

in reimbursing any Costs properly incurred by the Master in procuring such Conviction and Punishment.

XXIII. Any Court duly constituted according to the Eighty-second Section of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, shall, in addition to the Powers given to it by that Act, have the Power of ordering that the Wages of any Seaman whom it discharges from his Ship or any Part of such Wages shall be forfeited, and may direct either that such forfeited Wages be retained by way of Compensation to the Owner, or that they be paid to the Board of Trade, in the same Manner as Fines payable under the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and shall also have the Power of deciding any Questions as to Wages, or Fines or Forfeitures, either of Wages or Effects, arising between any of the Parties to the Proceedings before it; and all such Decisions and Directions as aforesaid shall in any subsequent legal Proceedings be deemed to be conclusive as to the Rights of the Parties.

XXIV. Every such Court as aforesaid shall have and may exercise the same Powers with respect to Persons charged with the Commission of Offences at Sea or abroad as are by the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Sections of the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, or any of them, given to Her Majesty's Consuls and Vice-Consuls; provided that nothing herein contained shall diminish or affect the said Powers so given to Consuls and Vice-Consuls in any Case in which no such Court as aforesaid is constituted.

XXV. All Orders made by any such Court as last aforesaid shall be entered in the Official Log Book of the Ship to which the Parties to the Proceeding before it belong, and shall be signed by the President of the Court or by One of its Members.

XXVI. Whenever any Merchant Ship is wrecked or abandoned abroad, any Naval Officer in command of any of Her Majesty's Ships, or any Consular Officer who may be at or near the Place of such Wreck or Abandonment, or at any Place at which the Crew of the Ship so wrecked or abandoned arrives, may, if he thinks the Case requires Investigation, summon a Court, which shall be constituted in the same Manner as Courts constituted under the Eighty-second Section of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850; and such Court shall investigate the Cause of the Wreck or Abandonment, and may for that Purpose summon and compel the Attendance of Parties and Witnesses, and administer Oaths and Affirmations, and order the Production of Documents, and shall make a Report containing the Statement of the Proceedings and of the Evidence, and shall send it to the Board of Trade; and if such Report is to the Effect that the Wreck or Abandonment has been caused by the Misconduct or Incompetency of the Master or any certificated Mate, the Board of Trade may canoel or suspena his Certificate, whether of Competency or Service; and any such Report, if purporting to be signed by the Senior Naval Officer or to be sealed with the

Naval Courts,

constituted

under

IS & 14 Vict. c. 93. s. 82. to have Power to make certain Decisions as to Wages.

Such Courts to have the Powers given to Consuls by 7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. ss. 59, 60.

Orders of such Courts to be entered in Official Log.

In case of Wreck or Abandonment a Naval Court may be summoned, as under Sect. 82. of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 93., to investigate the Case, and report to the Board of Trade.

If Loss caused

by Misconduct, &c. in Master or Mates, their Certificates may be cancelled or suspended.

Entry of Offeaoef in Log to be retd over to Offenders.

Schedule annexed to be in lieu of Sched. C. of 13 & 14 Vict c. 98.

Accountant to Naval Department of Board of Trade *

Delivery of Lists, &c. to be made to Shjpping Masters.

Clerks to Justices, &c. to account to Board of Trade for Penalties received by them.

Cap. 96. Mercantile Marine Act Amendment^ 14 & 15 VICT«

the Consular Seal, and if produced out of the Custody of the Board of Trade or its Officers, shall be admitted in Evidence in any legal Proceeding.

XXVII. Except in the Case of Desertion and in other Cases in which it is impossible so to do, every Entry of any Offence made in the Official Log Book of any Ship which leaves the United Kingdom after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one shall at the Time when the sdrne is made, or as soon afterwards as possible, be read over distinctly and audibly to the Offender or upon the Quarter Deck of the Ship, and a Statement to the Effect that the same has been so read shall be added to such Entry, and signed as required for the Signature of such Entry; anil, except in the Cases aforesaid, no such Entry shall be admissible in Evidence on the Part of the Master or Owner, or otherwise available for the Purposes of such Master or Owner, if not so stated to have been read over as herein-before required.

XXVIII. The Schedule hereunto annexed shall be substituted for Schedule C. annexed to the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and the Thirty-ninth Section of the Mercantile Marine Act shall be construed accordingly. '

XXIX. The Person acting for the Time being as Accountant to the Naval Department of the Board of Trade shall be the Person who is to render the Accounts of that Department to the Commissioners of Audit or other Persons undertaking the Audit thereof.

XXX. In all Cases in which Masters or Owners of Ships are required by the Act of the Ninth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, or by the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, to deliver or transmit any Agreements, Lists, or Schedules to any Officer of Customs, such Masters and Owners shall henceforth in lieu thereof deliver or transmit the same to the Shipping Masters appointed under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and all Provisions of the said Acts heretofore applicable to such Delivery and Transmission thereof as therein required shall henceforth apply to such Delivery or Transmission thereof as herein required.

XXXI. All Clerks to Justices or other Officers receiving any Penalties inflicted under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, the said Act of the Ninth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, or this Act, shall give Accounts thereof to the Board of Trade in such Form as the said Board may direct.

MM. Mercantile Marine Act Amendment. Cap. 96, 97. SI t

SCHEDULE.

Sums to be deducted from Wages by way of partial Eepay-ment of Fees in Schedule B. annexed to the Mercantile Marine Act.

1. In respect of Engagements and Discharges of Crews, upon each Engagement and each Discharge,

From Wages of any Mate, Purser, Engineer, $. d Surgeon, Carpenter, or Steward - - 1 6

, all others, except Apprentices - 1 0

2. In respect of Engagements and Discharges of Seamen sepa* rately, upon each Engagement and each Discharge,

One Shilling.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to amend the Church Building Acts.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS the following Acts have been ^passed for building and promoting the building of additional

Churches in populous Parishes in England, and are commonly

referred to as the Church Building Acts; (that is to say,) an 58 G. s. c. 45.

Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third,

Chapter Forty-five; an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of King 59 G.s. c. 1S4. 4 George the Third, Chapter One hundred and thirty-four; an 3 G. 4. c. 72.

Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-two; an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the 5G; 4. c. 10s.

4 Fourth, Chapter One hundred and three; an Act of the Ses- 7 & 8 G. 4. C. 72. sion holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-two; an Act of the Session 1 & 2 W. 4. C. S8. 4 holden in the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight; an Act of the Session holden 2 & 3 W.4.0.6I. 4 in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth,

4 Chapter Sixty-one; an Act of the Session holden in the 7 w*4- &

4 Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year 1 Vict* c*75#

of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-five; an Act of the Session i& 2 Vict. c.io7.

holden in the First and Second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter

4 One hundred and seven; an Act of the Session holden in the 2&s Vict. c. 49. 4 Second and Third Yeare of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-nine;

an Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years s& 4 Vict. c. 60.

of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty; an Act of the Session holden 7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. 4 in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter

4 Fifty-six; an Act of the Session holden in the Eighth and 8 & 9 Vict. c. 70. 4 Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy; an Act of 9 & 10 Vict.

the Session holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her c. 88.

Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight; an Act of the same Session, 9 & 10 Vict *

4 Chapter Sixty-eight; an Act of the Session holden in the, vi.

4 Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty- ^37.

G4 seven;

OOylC

11 & 12 Vict c. 71.

Where a permanent Provision satisfactory to the Commissioners is secured in lieu of Pew Rents, Commissioners, with Consent of Bishop, may direct such Pew Rents to cease.

Loss of Fees and Offerings may be compensated for by Commissioners out of the First Monies coming to them for that Purpose in respect to the Assignment of District Chapelries.

Cap. 97. Church Building Acts Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

seven; and an Act of the same Session of Parliament, Chapter ' Seventy-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Where any Body or Person endows with such permanent Provision in Land or Money as is satisfactory to Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches and the Bishop of the Diocese any Church for which Pew Bents have been previously fixed by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the Church Building Acts, and where such Pew Kents have not been assigned or appropriated under any Local Act, such Endowment or Provision being made in lieu of and as a'Substitute for such Pew Rents, in whole or in part, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by an Instrument under their Common Seal, with the Consent of such Bishop under his Hand and Seal, setting forth the Nature of such Endowment, and that it was made for the Object aforesaid, to order and declare that such Pew Rents shall with respect to such Church cease and determine, and the same shall, according to such Order and Declaration, cease and determine in whole or in part, and the Seats or Pews so exempted from Rent shall thenceforth be at the Disposal of the Churchwardens of such Church in like Manner as the Seats or Pews of an ancient Parish Church, but the Pew-Rents then due and payable shall nevertheless be payable and recoverable in the same Manner as if such Order had not been made.

II. In all Cases where any District Chapelry has already been or is hereafter formed under the Authority of the Church Building Acts, and where, by the Order in Council forming such District Chapelry, the Fees or any Part thereof arising from the Performance of such of the Offices of the Church as are performed in the Church of such District Chapelry have been reserved, or such Fees otherwise belong to the then Incumbent of the original Parish or District (out of which such District Chapelry is taken) during his Incumbency, or to such Incumbent and his Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of any Monies hereafter placed at their Disposal for that Purpose (not being Monies placed at their Disposal for the building or contributing to the building of new Churches), to assign to such Incumbent during his Incumbency, if he still remain Incumbent, or to such Incumbent, as the Case may require, such an annual Sum as may appear to the said Commissioners a just and reasonable Compensation for the Loss of any Fees, Dues, Oblations, or Offerings which such Incumbent may sustain by reason of the Transfer thereof, under the Provision herein-after contained, to the Incumbent of the District Chapelry.

III. Whejre

.1851. Church Building Acts Amendment Cap. 97.

III. Where the Fees arising from the Performance of the Offices of the Church of a Consolidated Chapelry already or hereafter formed under the Church Building Acts are under such Acts reserved to the Incumbents of the Parishes out of which such Consolidated Chapelry is formed during their respective Incumbencies, unless voluntarily relinquished by them or either of them, Compensation may be made as aforesaid by the said Commissioners to such Incumbents, if still entitled to such Fees, for the Loss of any Fees, Dues, Oblations, or Offerings which such Incumbents may sustain by reason of the Transfer thereof, under the Provision herein-after contained, to the Incumbent of such Consolidated Chapelry.

IV. Where the Fees or a Portion thereof arising from the Performance of Offices of the Church in the Church, with a particular District thereto, already or hereafter built and endowed, and the Patronage thereof specially declared under the Provisions of the Church Building Acts or this Act, are reserved or belong to the Incumbent of the original Parish or District out of which such particular District is taken. Compensation may be made as aforesaid by the said Commissioners to the then Incumbent, or to such Incumbent, as the Case may require, for the Loss of any Fees, Dues, Oblations, or Offerings by reason of the Transfer thereof, under the Provision herein-after contained, to the Incumbent of such Church.

V. After such Compensation as aforesaid has been awarded by the said Commissioners or otherwise to the then Incumbent, or to such Incumbent, as the Case may require, of the original Parish or District, and such Compensation has been certified by the said Commissioners (which Certificate shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese), all the Fees or Portion of Fees reserved by the Order in Council, or otherwise belonging to the Incumbent of the original Parish or District during his Incumbency, or to the Incumbent thereof for the Time being and his Successors, shall, notwithstanding such Reservation or Claim,

- together with all Mortuary and other Ecclesiastical Fees, Dues, Oblations, or Offerings arising within such District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District, belong and be paid to the Incumbent for the Time being of such District Chapelry,

Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District, for his own Use and Benefit.

VI. Where the Fees or any Part thereof arising from the Performance of the Offices of the Church, or any of them, are not reserved or do not otherwise belong to the Incumbent of the original Parish or District out of which the District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District is taken, all the Mortuary and other Ecclesiastical Fees, Dues, Oblations, or Offerings arising within such District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District shall from and after the passing of this Act belong and be paid to the Incumbent for the Time being of such District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District, notwithstanding no Compensation for the

by

13

Compensation for Loss of Fees, &c. in respect of Formation of the Consolidated Chapelries.

Compensation for Loss of Fees in respect to a Church built and endowed under 1 & 2 W. 4. c. S8.

After Compensation, Fees and Offerings to belong to Minister of the District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District, notwithstanding any former Reservation.

Where Fees not reserved, or do not belong to Incumbent of original Parish, the same to belong to Incumbent of District Chapelry, &c.

814

With Gonflobt d Bishop, Comminiooera may in all Cases, subject to Notices to Patron and Incumbent, declare perpetual Right of Patronage to be in the Body or Person building and endowing a new, Church, or in certain other Persons.

Commissioners may accept, for the Purpose of an Endowment and a Repair Fund, Lands, dec. and Money.

Cap 97. Church Building Acta Amendment 14 & 15 VICT.

Loss thereof has been made to the Incumbent of the original Parish or District.

VII. In all Cases in which any Body or Person hereafter endows in manner herein-after mentioned, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, any Church or any Building intended to be consecrated as a Church which has been or hereafter shall be erected, purchased, or acquired by such Body or Person, and where also in any Case such Body or Person hereafter provides a competent Fund, as herein-after mentioned, for the Repairs of such Church or Building, it shall be lawftd for the said Commissioners, subject to no Restriction in consequence of the Amount of the Population of the ancient Parish, or new Parish or District, or Extra-parochial Place, or of the Church Accommodation therein, or Distance of such Church or Building from any existing Church, or otherwise, (except as to Notices to Patron and Incumbent as herein-after mentioned,) with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, if under all the Circumstances it appear to them fit and proper so to do, to declare by an Instrument under their Common Seal the Right of nominating a Minister to such Church or Building to be for ever after the due Consecration thereof in the Body or Person so having erected or procured and endowed the same, their or his Successors, Heirs, or Assigns, or in such other Body or Persons as is hereinafter provided: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall deprive the Patron of such Parish or District as aforesaid of the Option given him by the said Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight, to build an additional Church or purchase a Building for that Purpose, and endow the same to the Satisfaction of the Bishop of the Diocese, as mentioned in the said Act, or of the Preference in that Case given him by the said Act over any other Person or Persons so intending to build such new Church or purchase such Building as aforesaid.

VIII. The Exemption from the Provisions of the Mortmain Acts, and the Restrictions applicable to such Exemption, contained in the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, shall be applicable to any Endowment or Grant or Conveyance for the Purpose of a Repair Fund of any such Church or Building; and, subject as aforesaid, the said Commissioners may accept by way of Endowment, and for the Purpose of a Repair Fund, for such Church or Building, such permanent Provision as they may consider satisfactory, consisting of all or any of the following Descriptions of Property, namely, Land, Tithes, Rentcharges, and other Tenements or' Hereditaments, Money charged on Land or invested in the Funds; and sooh Endowment and Repair Fund shall be exclusive of and in addition to the Pew Rents (if any) of such Church or Building; and as regards any Endowments to be made for the Purpose of obtaining the Patronage as aforesaid, the same may be vested in such Trustees, not exceeding Five, as the said Commissioners direct; and such Trusts thereof, and for the Sale or Conversion

thereof,

1851.

Church Building Acts Amendment Cap. 97. 616

thereof, and Reinvestment of the Produce either m Land or in Government Securities, with Powers of granting Building or other Leases, and all other Powers for the due Administration of such Endowments and Repair Fund, and Appointment of new Trustees, may be declared as the said Commissioners think fit.

IX. The Right of perpetual Nomination may, under the In- In whom Eight strument declaring the same as aforesaid, be vested in the Body

or Person so having erected or procured and endowed such may T Church or Building, their or his Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, or in their or his Nominee, or such Trustees to be named in the said Instrument as they or he may signify to the said Commissioners before the Execution of such Instrument by the said Commissioners, or in case such Church or Building has been or.

shall be built or purchased and endowed by Subscription, then in such Body or Person, their or his Successors, Heirs, or Assigns,

or Such Trustees to be named in such Instrument, as the major.

Part in Value of the Subscribers of not less than Fifty Pounds each may signify to the said Commissioners before the Execution of such Instrument by the said Commissioners.

X. If any of the Trustees to whom the Right of Nomination Appointment of to any such Church or Building is in the first instance granted Trustee>-under such Instrument as aforesaid die, resign, or become incapable of acting, or be desirous of retiring from such Trust, the

(surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, or the Majority of Jthe surviving or continuing Trustees where more than Two, shall appoint new Trustees or a new Trustee in the Place of the Trustees or Trustee so dying, resigning, or becoming incapable as aforesaid, unless a different Mode of electing or Power of nominating new Trustees have been agreed upon in the first instance between the said Commissioners and the Body or Person building or purchasing, or obtaining, acquiring, and endowing, such Church or Building, or in case of the same being or having been built or purchased and endowed by Subscription, then between the said Commissioners and the major Part in Value of the Subscribers thereto of not less than Fifty Pounds each, such Agreement to be signed by such Body or Person, or by the Majority in Value of such Subscribers* and sealed by the said Commissioners, and in each such Case such new Trustees or Trustee shall be appointed in conformity to such Agreement; and every Trustee on his Nomination, and also so often as he exercises or concurs in exercising the Right of Nomination of which he is a Trustee, shall sign a Declaration that he is a Member of the United Church of England and Ireland; and on the Appointment of a Trustee it shall not be necessary to make any Conveyance of the Right of Nomination to the said Church; and when any Trustee or Trustees may have died, resigned, or become incapable of acting, the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees may continue to act, notwithstanding new Trustees may not have been appointed, unless the contrary have been directed in any such Agreement as aforesaid: Provided always, that if it should happen that all the Trustees for the Time being

816 Cap. 97. Church Building Acts Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

of such Church should die without having appointed any other Trustee or Trustees to supply the Vacancy or Vacancies, it shall in each such Case be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal, to appoint any requisite Number of Trustees, not exceeding Five: Provided also, that the Patronage of any such Church shall not at any Time be vested in or held in trust by more than Five Persons, except where such Patronage passes by Descent to Coparceners, or by the Custom of Gavelkind to more than Five Persons, or is conveyed by Will or Deed to more than Five Children, Grand-children, Nephews, or Nieces of the Grantor or Devisor.

Certain Infor- XI. Previous to such Declaration of the Right of Nomin-eertbythe* a^on being made by the said Commissioners, Application in Commissioners Writing shall be made by the Body or Person having built or to Patron and purchased or acquired, or proposing to build or purchase or foretiw^decUre ac(lu^re and endow as aforesaid, such Church or Building, or by Right of Patro- the major Part in Value of the Subscribers thereto of not lea rage. than Fifty Pounds each, or by some Person authorized on his

or their Behalf, to the said Commissioners, setting forth the estimated Amount of the Population of the ancient Parish or new Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place in which such Church so built or proposed to be built, or such Building so purchased or proposed to be purchased or acquired, is situated, together with the estimated Amount of Accommodation provided in the several consecrated Churches within such ancient Parish or new Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place, together with the estimated Amount of the Population of the District (if any District is proposed) for which such Church or Building is intended to provide, and the Accommodation provided or proposed to be provided in such Church or Building, and its Distance from the consecrated Church or Churches in such ancient Parish or new Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place; and Copies of such Application or Notices containing the like Information shall in every such Case be sent by the said Commissioners to the Patron and Incumbent respectively of such ancient Parish or new Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place, in order to afford such Patron and Incumbent respectively the Opportunity of laying before the said Commissioners, for their Consideration, any Statement or Objections relating thereto; and if the District proposed for such Church or Building is to be taken out of any other ancient Parish or new Parish or District than the Parish or District in which it is situate, such Copies or Notices as aforesaid shall also be sent by the said Commissioners to the Patron and Incumbent of each such other Parish or District; and the said Commissioners shall not declare, or signify their Intention of declaring, such Right of Nomination until after the Expiration of Three Months next after such Copies or Notices have been so sent (unless each such Patron and Incumbent in the meantime consent thereto); and such Copies or Notices may be served personally on or directed and sent by Post to such Parties respectively: Provided always,

that

1851.

Church Building Acts Amendment

Cap. 97.

81 *

that the District proposed in such Application may be subsequently varied, with the Consent of the Patron and Incumbent of the ancient Parish or new Parish or District from which such District is to be taken, at any Time before the Consecration of such Church or Building, without any fresh Copies of Application or Notices being required to be served on or sent to such Parties respectively.

XII. In any Case in which the Patronage of any ancient Parish or new Parish or District is vested in and exercised by the Inhabitants generally of such ancient Parish or new Parish or District, or by any Body or Class of Persons exceeding Five in Number, it shall be and be deemed to be a sufficient Compliance with the Provisions herein-before mentioned as to Notices to Patrons to deliver or transmit the before mentioned Copies of Applications or Notices to Two or more of such Patrons, and to the Churchwardens of such ancient Parish or new Parish or District; and the said Commissioners shall not declare, or signify their Intention of declaring, such Right of Nomination, until after the Expiration of Three Months next after such Copies or Notices have been so delivered or transmitted, unless Such Patrons in the meantime consent thereto.

XIII. After the Church or Building built or purchased or acquired and endowed as aforesaid has been completely finished, and fitted up for the Performance of Divine Service, such Instrument as aforesaid declaring the Right of Nomination may be executed by the said Commissioners under their Common Seal, and by the Bishop of the Diocese, as a consenting Party thereto; and after the due Execution of such Instrument, and the Consecration of such Church or Building, such Right of Nomination may be exercised by the Body, Person or Persons, in whom the same may be vested thereby or by virtue of this Act, without requiring the Consent either of the Patron or the Incumbent of the ancient Parish or new Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place in which such Church or Building is situate, and notwithstanding no Compensation has been made to them or either of them, and notwithstanding any Local Act of Parliament may have specially reserved such Right of Nomination; and such Right of Nomination, when vested in more than Two Persons, shall in every such Case be exercised by the Majority, unless otherwise particularly specified and agreed upon; and the Body or Person or Trustees in whom the said Right of Nomination is so vested shall in every such Case, after the Consecration of such Church or Building, be Patrons of the said Church, by the Name and Style specified in the Sentence of Consecration; and such Right shall be of the Nature of Real Property; and every such Instrument of Nomination shall be registered in the Registry of the Bishop of the Diocese.

XIV. After the passing of this Act the sole Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese, under certain Circumstances conferred on him by the Church Building Acts, to declare under his Hand and Seal the perpetual Patronage of any new Church

How Notices shall be sent when Patrons are numerous.

Instrument declaring Right of Nomination may be executed after Completion of new Church: and after Execution of such Instrument, and Consecration, Right may be exercised.

Sole Jurisdiction of Bishop to declare such Patronage, under Circumstances, to cease.

818

The existing Powers of the Commissioners as to Declaration of Patronage of a Church built and endowed under 1 & 2W. 4. c. 38, or 1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. not to be affected, except so far as hereby altered or enlarged.

Certain Powers of Church Building Acts to apply to newly constituted Parishes.

Supplemental Order in Council for Performance of Baptisms, Churchings, and Burials.

Cap. 97. Church Building Acts Amendment 14 & 15 VICT.

or Building, or to assign a District thereto, shall cease and determine; provided that nothing herein contained shall restrict or be construed to restrict any Bishop from exercising, if he think fit, such Jurisdiction with respect to any Application in Writing made to him under the Church Building Acts before the passing of this Act, or to interfere with the Progress or Completion of any Proceedings, or the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or of such Bishop therein, which have been taken with respect to any Case which before the passing of this Act has been brought before them or him under such Acta, but they and he respectively shall have in such Cases the same Jurisdiction therein as they or he would have had if this Act had not been passed.

XV. The existing Powers and Authorities vested in the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the said Acts of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, the First and Second Years of Her Majesty, or of any other of the Church Building Acts, and the existing Provisions thereof with respect to any Church or Building built or acquired and endowed, and the Patronage thereof specially declared, and the Assignment of a District thereto, under such Acts or any of them, or any Matters or Things relating to such Church or Building or District, or the Incumbent or Minister thereof, shall apply to and be in force with respect to any Church or Building built or acquired and endowed, and the Patronage thereof specially declared, under the Provisions of this Act, and with respect to the Assignment of a District thereto, and the Incum-, bent or Minister thereof, except so far as such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions are altered, enlarged, or varied by or are repugnant to or inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act

XVI. The Powers and Provisions of the Church Building Acts or this Act relative to the Formation of any Parish or District shall be applicable to the Formation of any Parish or District out of any new Parish formed or hereafter to be constituted by or under the Proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

XVII. Where a District Chapelry has been already or is hereafter assigned to any Church under the Provisions of the Church Building Acts, and the Order in Council assigning such District Chapelry does not direct that the Offices of Baptisms, Churchings, and Burials shall be performed in such Church, or only directs that One or Two of such Offices should be performed therein, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Supplemental Order in Council, on a Representation to be made to Her Majesty by the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to order that all or any of the Offices of Baptisms, Churchings, and Burials, not included in such First Order in Council as aforesaid, shall be thereafter performed in such Church, and that all the Fees arising from the Performance of the Offices so authorized, or a Part thereof, shall thereafter belong and be paid to the Minister of

1851. Church Building Acts Amendment. Cap. 97« 819

of such Church, or after the next Avoidance of the Parish or District out of which such District Chapelry is formed, or that all or a Portion of such Fees shall belong and be paid to the Incumbent of such Parish Church or District; and all the Laws in force relating to the Performance of such Offices, and the Registration thereof, shall apply to such Offices ad may be performed under such Supplemental Order in Council; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize receiving Fees for Baptisms.

XVIII. Anything in the said Act of the Seventh and Commissioners, Eighth of Her Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding, it shall Consent of be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think fit, with the orde^Fe^&c. Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, to order and for Marriages direct that all or a Portion of the Fees, Dues, Offerings, and

other Emoluments arising from the Publication of Banns or the ^endowed* Solemnization of Marriages in any new Church already or under the l & 2 hereafter built, acquired, and endowed, and the Patronage thereof 4* c*S8* or specially declared, under the Provisions of the said Act of the ^J°n^t First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, or this Avoidance of Act, by the said Commissioners or the Bishop of the Diocese, Paris.h Church and in which Church Banns of Matrimony may be published the^ncumbent and Marriages solemnized under the Provisions of the said Act of such new of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, shall, from Church and after the next Avoidance from the Time of such Order and Direction of the Parish Church or District out of which the District of the new Church is taken, or of the Parish Churches or Districts (if the District be taken out of more than One Parish or District), belong and be paid to the Incumbent for the Time being of such new Church, for his own Use and Benefit.

XIX. The Provisions contained in the said Act of the Eighth Provisions of and Ninth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter, Seventy, relative to ConsoH70* the Formation of a Consolidated Chapelry out of Parishes or datedChapeHes Extra-parochial Places the Boundaries of which are contiguous to extend to to each other, and the vesting the Patronage of the Church those already or thereof in the Body or Person mentioned in such Act, shall famed*X° extend and apply to the Formation of any Consolidated Chapelry

out of any Parishes or Districts already formed or hereafter to be formed the Boundaries of which are contiguous to each other.

XX. If the major Part in Number of the Patrons of the the maJ°r respective Parishes or Districts or Extra-parochial Places out of PatronVagree, which any Consolidated Chapelry is to be formed by virtue of the Chapelry the said Act or this Act concur as to the Formation of such may t* formed Consolidated Chapelry, and as to the Body or Person in whom a^v^ted8^11* the Right of Patronage to the Church of such Consolidated cording to such Chapelry shall belong, the Formation of such Consolidated Agreement. Chapelry, and the vesting of the Patronage of the Church

thereof accordingly, under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, shall be as valid as if the Patron of each such respective Parish or District or Extra-parochial Place had severally agreed to the same *

XXI. When-

3 F 2

i

Cap. 97. Church Building Acts Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

Church Building Acts, ns to the Formation of a Parish or District, to apply to a Parish regulated by a Local Act, on Application to the Church Building Commissioners by Patron, Incumbent, and Vestry.

Saving of the Manchester Division Act, 1850.

Abolition of Select Vestries formed under the Church Building Acts.

XXI. Whenever, under and by virtue of any Local Act now in force, any Parish cannot be brought within the Provisions of the Church Building Acts tpuching the Formation thereout of a Parish or District, and whenever a Representation is made to the said Commissioners by the Patron and Incumbent of such Parish, and by the Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons exercising the Powers of Vestry in Ecclesiastical Matters, in such Parish, that it will be for the Spiritual Benefit of such Parish that it should be brought within such Provisions, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think fit, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to apply and put in execution with respect to such Parish the Powers and Provisions of the Church Building Acts and this Act relative to the Formation of any Parish or District, and such Provisions shall thereupon he applicable to such Parish, any Local Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that if the Patronage of such Church is vested in or exercised by the Inhabitants thereof generally, or by any Body or Class of Persons exceeding Thirty in Number, such Application to the said Commissioners shall be sufficient if signed by the Incumbent of such Parish and by the Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons exercising the Powers of Vestry; and such Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons exercising the Powers of Vestry, as aforesaid, in such Parish, may meet for the Purpose of considering and deciding whether it is expedient to make such Representation as aforesaid to the said Commissioners, and if the Majority in Number of those present at such Meeting be in favour thereof the Churchwardens of such Vestry, or the Chairman of such Meeting, may and shall sign such Representation on behalf of such Vestry or Meeting.

XXII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter or affect the Provisions of the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

XXIII. From and after the passing of this Act no Select Vestry shall be formed under the Provisions of the Church Building Act, and every such Select Vestry already formed under such Provisions shall be and is hereby declared to be abolished, and all the Powers and Provisions therein enacted relative to such Select Vestries shall henceforth cease and

Provision's of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 37. s. 22. to apply to an Ecclesiastical Corporation, aggregate or sole, with certain Consents.

determine; provided that all Matters and Things done by any such Select Vestry in pursuance of any Powers given them by such Acts or any of them shall be and remain os valid as if such Select Vestry had not been abolished.

XXIV. The Powers and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session holdden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, Section Twenty-two, enabling Persons and Bodies Corporate to give and grant Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Act, shall be construed and held to authorize any Ecclesiastical Corporation, aggregate or sole, to give or grant any Laud or Tithes belonging to such Corporation in the Manner and

1851. Chufch Building Acts Amendment. Cap. 97. 821

and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: Provided always, that the Power hereby given shall only be exercised with the following Consents in Writing; that is to say, in the Case of a College, with the Consent of the Visitor; in the Case of a Bishop, with the Consent of the Archbishop of the Province; in the Case of a Dean, with the Consent of the Dean and Chapter; in the Case of a Canon or Prebendary, with the Consent of the Patron of such Canonry or Prebend respectively; in the Case of the Incumbent of a Benefice, with the Consents of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron of such Benefice; and that the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session holden in the First and Second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, respecting the Party or Parties to be deemed Patron or Patrons, and also respecting the Manner in which and the Party by whom any such Consent is to be given, shall belield to apply to the Consents hereby required.

XXV. Where by Error, and without Fraud, Banns of Matri- The Validity mony have been published or Marriages solemnized in the pe^med^in Church of any Parish or District in which Church Banns could Error, and with-not legally be published nor Marriages legally solemnized, the out in Banns of Matrimony already published and Marriages already solemnized in such Church as aforesaid shall not, except where or Districts as-any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding in relation to the Validity signed to them, of any such Marriage was pending on the Nineteenth Day of b*x^T June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, be questioned where any

on account of the said Banns having been published or the said Action pending Marriages solemnized in any such Church as aforesaid, and the ^j91^ June Minister or Ministers who solemnized the same shall not be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censure or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever by reason thereof; and the Registers of all Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid, except as aforesaid, or Copies of such Registers, shall be received in nil Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively.

XXVI. When a new Church is built in an Extra-parochial J^j^t^on'to Place the Right of Nomination to such Church, if not vested the Church of elsewhere, shall belong to the Bishop of the Diocese m which distinct and se-such Church is situate, and his Successors; and when an Extra-parochial Place has been formed into a distinct and separate or District Cha-Parish, or District Parish or District Chapelry, under the pclry, formed Provisions of the Church Building Acts, the Right of Nomina-

tion to the Church of such distinct and separate Parish, or riMUCbe^ongaCe, District Parish or District Chapelry, shall belong to and be exercised by the Bishop of the Diocese and his Successors:

Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to interfere with the Powers given by this Act to the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, specially to declare the Patronage of a new Church built in an Extra-parochial Place, and endowed to their Satisfaction.

XXVII. When any Rent or other annual or recurring Charge Apportionment shall be payable out of any Hereditaments a Part whereof is

3 F 3 Gd«©54Ser Hui

Freehold of Chapel Lodge, &c. erected under the Provisions of 9 & 10 Vict* c. 68. shall *est in the, Bishop of the Diocese.

Interpretation of Terms.

Cap. 97. Church Building Acts Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT

hereafter acquired under any of the Provisions contained in the Church Building Acts, it shall be lawful for the Persons or Bodies giving or selling the said Hereditaments, or for the said Commissioners, if they take the said Lands under the Powers of the Church Building Acts, but in either Case with the Consent in Writing of the Person in the actual and lawful Receipt of such Rent or annual or recurring Charge at the Time of its Apportionment, to apportion the said Rent or Charge in such Manner as the said Commissioners see fit, and to charge One Part thereof on the Hereditaments to be conveyed to the said Commissioners, and the other Part thereof on the Remainder of the Hereditaments charged therewith; and the several Portions of the said Rent or Charge so apportioned which may be charged on the Hereditaments so conveyed to the said Commissioners and the Remainder of the Hereditaments originally charged respectively shall in all respects, as far as Circumstances will admit, be recoverable from or out of the Hereditaments so conveyed and the Remainder of the Hereditaments originally charged respectively, in the same Manner as the original Rent or Charge was recoverable from or out of the whole of the said Hereditaments or any Part thereof; but if the Part of the Hereditaments so charged which is not acquired under the Provisions contained in any of the Church Building Acts be, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners and of the Body or Person having Power under the said Acts or otherwise to sell or give the other Part of the said Hereditaments to said Commissioners, of ample Value to bear the whole of the said Rent or Charge, then such Part of the Hereditaments as may be conveyed to the said Commissioners may be conveyed free from such Rent or Charge, and the Remainder of the Hereditaments shall continue liable to the whole thereof, in the same Manner as the whole of the Hereditaments were originally liable, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do all Acts necessary for giving full Effect to such Apportionment or Discharge and Charge.

XXVIII. The Freehold of any Chapel already or to be hereafter built under the Provisions of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-eight, as a Chapel for the Burial Service, when such Chapel has been consecrated, and the Freehold of any Lodge, Walks, or Gates already or hereafter erected or made under such Act on any Part of such Burial Ground as aforesaid, shall vest in the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being in which the same is situate, and the Preservation and Custody thereof shall belong to the Trustees for the Time being of the Repair Fund appointed under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, who shall have Power to make such Orders and Regulations from Time to Time as may to them in that Behalf seem proper.

XXIX. In the Construction and for the Purposes of this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction, the Word

" Church "

MSI# ' Church Building Acts Amendment. Cap. 97, 9 & 888

Church" shall mean and include any consecrated Church or Chapel belonging to the United Church of England and Ireland; the Word Bishop" shall be construed to comprehend Arch* bishop, and the Word Diocese" shall be construed to comprehend all Places to which the Jurisdiction of any Bishop extends under and for the Purposes of an Act passed in the Second Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six; the Word Tithes" shall mean and include all commuted or uncommuted Tithes, Rentcharges in lieu of Tithe,

Portions and Parcels of Tithes, and all Moduses, Compositions real and prescriptive, and Customary Payments; the Words " Church Building Acts" shall mean and include all or any of the Acts mentioned in the Preamble of this Act; the Words " Parish or District " or new Parish or District" shall mean and include any distinct and separate Parish, District Parish,

District Chapelry, Consolidated Chapelry, or particular District already or hereafter formed under the Provisions of the Church Building Acts; the Word "Churchwarden" shall mean and include Churchwarden and Chapelwarden; and the Words Body or Person" shall mean and inculde any Body Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Corporation Aggregate or Sole, as well as One Individual,

XXX. This Act shall extend only to that Part of the Extent of this United Kingdom called England and Wales, and to the Isle of Act *

Man, and to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in pur* suance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published,

and deposited, according to the Provisions of the Act, certain Provisional Orders mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the Provisional Orders of the General Board of

Health referred to in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be Orders of the and the same are hereby confirmed, so far as they are autho- General Board rized by the Public Health Act, and shall, from and after the of Health* passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Orderasto this Act or in the Schedule thereto contained shall be construed, Hastings not deemed, and taken to confirm or give effect to any Part of extend the Provisional Order made for the Borough of Hastings, so far Leonard#

3 F 4 ^ooglew

824

Number of Members of Local Board of Health of Morpeth.

First Election of Local Board for Morpeth.

First Election of Local Board for Sherborne.

First Election of Local Board for Bridgend.

First Election of Local Board for Bryn Mswr.

First Election of Local Board for Margate.

First Election of Local Board for Newmarket.

Cap. 98. General Board of Health (No. 2.) 14 & 15 VICT.

as such Order extends to or includes or purports to affect and embrace the Town of Saint Leonard, or any Part of the District comprised in and under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners appointed by and acting in the Execution of an Act (Local and Personal) of the Second Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-five, intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Leonard in the County of Sussex; and, notwithstanding anything in the said Provisional Order contained, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough shall be, by the Council of the said Borough, the Local Board of Health under the Public Health Act, 1848, for the District of Hastings as defined by this Act, instead of the Local Board of Health named or described in the said Provisional Order.

III. And be it enacted, That the Number of Persons to be elected Members of the Local Board of Health for the District of Morpeth under the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to that District, and this Act, by Owners of and Ratepayers in respect of Property situate within the Parish of Bedlington, being Part of the said District, shall be Six, instead of Three as fixed by the said Provisional Order, and that One Third of such Members shall go out of Office annually, as provided by the said Public Health Act, and that the said Provisional Order shall be altered accordingly.

IV. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Parliamentary Borough of Morpeth, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-oue.

V. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Sherborne, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty* one.

VI. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Bridgend, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

VII. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Bryn Mawr for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Margate, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord Onp thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

IX. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Newmarket, for the Purposes

1851.

825

General Board of Health (No. 2.)

Cap. 98.

of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seven teeth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

X. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Romford, for the Purposes of the Public Health Act, shall take place on the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XI. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Town of West Cowes, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Fourth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, and other Officer acting under any Local Act recited in the Provisional Order for the City and County of Bristol^ referred to in the Schedule of this Act, any Part of which is repealed by the said Order, whose Office shall, by reason of the Transfer of the Powers of the Commissioners to the Local Board, be wholly or in part superseded and rendered unnecessary, or who shall at any Time within the Space of Three Years next after the passing of this Act, except for Misconduct, be removed wholly or in part from such Office, and not be employed and retained in an Office of equal Value by the Local Board of Health for the said City and County of Bristol, shall be entitled to have an adequate Compensation for the Profits, Salary, and Emoluments of his Office which he shall cease to hold; the said Compensation to be by way of Annuity or otherwise, and to be assessed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury upon the Keport of the said Local Board of Health, to be made within Three Months after any such Person shall have been superseded in his Office, founded upon a Declaration made by such Person setting forth the Salary, Profits, and Emoluments derived by him and his Predecessors for every Year during a Period of Five Years next before the Day when he shall have ceased to hold such Office, and such other Evidence as the said Local Board of Health may require as to the Amount, Nature, and Particulars of such Profits; and in assessing the same regard shall be had to the Manner of his Appointment to such Office, and his Term therein; and the said Local Board of Health shall from Time to Time pay to the Person entitled to Compensation, out of any Special or General District Rates, in their Discretion, the Money which shall upon such Report, and any Appeal or Reclamation against the same, be finally awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as the same shall become due and be payable.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to' be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this Act and the said Public Health Act were One Act.

First Election of Local Board for Romford.

First Election of Local Board for West Cowes.

Compensation to Officers tinder Local Acts of City and County of Bristol who may be removed.

Act incorporated with Public Health Act.

m

Short Title of this Act.

Recited Proviso in s. 1. of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 85. repealed.

Parties to be

admissible

Witnesses.

Cap. 98, 99. General Board df Health (iVb. 2.) 14 & 15 VictI

XIV. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1851, No. 2."

SCHEDULE to which this Bill refers.

Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health submitted for the Confirmation of Parliament.

Places to which the Orders refer.

Margate.

The Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis.

Newmarket Romford.

Tenby.

Kingston-upon-HulL Hartlepool.

Hastings.

Morpeth.

Bristol.

Beverley.

Sherborne.

Bridgend.

Bryn Mawr.

Norwich.

Gateshead.

Doncaster.

West Cowes.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend the Law of Evidence.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law of Evidence ' in divers Particulars:' Be it therefore enacted by the

Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and '^temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. So much of Section One of the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five, as provides that the said Act shall " not render competent any " Party to any Suit, Action, or Proceeding individually named " in the Record, or any Lessor of the Plaintiff, or Tenant of w Premises sought to be recovered in Ejectment, or the Landlord or other Person in whose Right any Defendant in Re-u plevin may make Cognizance, or any Person in whose " immediate and individual Behalf any Action may be brought u or defended, either wholly or in part," is hereby repealed.

II. On the Trial of any Issue joined, or of any Matter or Question, or on any Inquiry arising in any Suit, Action, or other Proceeding in any Court of Justice, or before any Person having by Law, or by Consent of Parties, Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, the Parties thereto, and the Persons in whose Behalf any such Suit, Action, or other Pro-

827.

Law of Evidence Amendment.

Cap. 99.

ceeding may be brought or defended, shall, except as herein-after excepted, be competent and compellable to give Evidence, either viva voce or by Deposition, according to the Practice of the Court, on behplf of either or any of the Parties to the said Suit, Action, or other Proceeding.

III. But nothing herein contained shall render any Person, who in any criminal Proceeding is charged with the Commission of any indictable Offence, or any Offence punishable on summary Conviction, competent or compellable to give Evidence for or against himself or herself, or shall render any Person compellable to answer any Question tending to criminate himself/or herself, or shall in any criminal Proceeding render any Husband competent or compellable to give Evidence for or against his Wife, or any Wife competent or compellable to give Evidence for or against her Husband/

IV. Nothing herein contained shall apply to any Action, Suit, Proceeding, or Bill in any Court of Common Law, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in either House of Parliament, instituted in consequence of Adultery, / or to any Action for Breach of Promise of Marriage/

V. Nothing herein contained shall repeal any Provision contained in Chapter Twenty-six of the Statute passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth and the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty.

VI. Whenever any Action or other legal Proceeding shall henceforth be pending in any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Court of Pleas for the County of Durham, such Court and each of the Judges thereof may respectively, t>n Application made for such Purpose by either of the Litigants, compel theiopposite Party to allow the Party making the Application to inspect all Documents in the Custody or under the Control of such opposite Party relating to such Action or other legal Proceeding, and, if necessary, to take examined Copies of the same, or to procure the same to be duly stamped* in aU Cases in which previous to the passing of this Act a Discovery might have been obtained by filing a Bill or by any other Proceeding in a Court of Equity at the Instance of the Party so making Application as aforesaid to the said Court or Judge.

VII. All Proclamations, Treaties, and other Acts of State of any. Foreign State or of any British Colony, and all Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and other judicial Proceedings of any Court of Justice in any Foreign State or in any British Colony, and all Affidavits, Pleadings, and other legal Documents filed or deposited in any such Court, may be proved in any Court of Justice, or before any Person having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, either by examined Copies or by Copies authenticated as herein-after mentioned; that is to say, if the Document sought to be proved

Goodfc

Nothing herein to compel Person charged with Criminal Offence to give Evidence tending to criminate himselfj &c.

Not to apply to Proceedings in consequence of Adultery, &c.

Not to repeal Provisions of 7W.4.&

1 Vict. c. 26.

Common Law Courts autho- . rised to compel Inspection of Documents whenever Equity would grant Discovery

Foreign and Colonial Acts of State, Judgments, See, provable by certified Copies, without Proof of Seal or Signature, or judicial Character of Person signing the same.

828

Apothecaries Certificates admissable without Proof

Documents admissible without Proof of Seal, Sec. in England or Wales equally admissible in Ireland.

Documents admissable without Proof of Seal, See. in Ireland equally admissible in

Cap. 99.

Law of Evidence Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

be a Proclamation, Treaty, or other Act of State, the authenticated Copy to be admissible in Evidence must purport to be sealed with the Seal of the Foreign State or British Colony to which the original Document belongs; and if the Document sought to be proved be a Judgment, Decree, Order, or other judicial Proceeding of any Foreign or Colonial Court, or an Affidavit, Pleading, or other legal Document filed or deposited in any such Court, the authenticated Copy to be admissible in Evidence must purport either to be sealed with the Seal of the Foreign or Colonial Court to which the original Document belongs, or, in the event of such Court having no Seal, to be signed by the Judge, or, if there be more than One Judge, by any One of the Judges of the said Court, and such Judge shall attach to his Signature a Statement in Writing on the said Copy that the Court whereof he is a Judge has no Seal; but if any of the aforesaid authenticated Copies shall purport to be sealed or signed as herein-before respectively directed, the same shall respectively be admitted in Evidence in every Case in which the original Document could have been received in Evidence, without any Proof of the Seal where a Seal is necessary, or of the Signature, or of the Truth of the Statement attached thereto, where such Signature and Statement are necessary, or of the judicial Character of the Person appearing to have made such Signature and Statement

VIII. Every Certificate of the Qualification of an Apothecary which shall purport to be under the Common Seal of the Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London shall be received in Evidence in any Court of Justice, and before any Person having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, without any Proof of the said Seal or of the Authenticity of the said Certificate, and shall be deemed sufficient Proof that the Person named therein has been from the Date of the said Certificate duly qualified to practise as an Apothecary in any Part of 1England or Wales.

IX. Every Document which by any Law now in force or hereafter to be in force is or shall be admissible in Evidence of any Particular in any Court of Justice in England or Wales without Proof of the Seal or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same[shall be admitted in Evidence to the same Extent and for the same Purposes in any Court of Justice in Ireland, or before any Person having in Ireland by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, without Proof of the Seal or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

X. Every Document which by any Law now in force or hereafter to be in force is or shall be admissible in Evidence of any Particular in any Court of Justice in Ireland without Proof of the SeaL or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to

"Te

1851. Law of Evidence Amendment. Cap. 99.

have signed the samey shall be admitted in Evidence to the same Extent and for the same Purposes in any Court of Justice in England or Wales, or before any Person having in England or Wales by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, without Proof of the Seal or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

XI. Every Document which by any Law now in force or hereafter to be in force is or shall be admissible in Evidence of any Particular in any Court of Justice in England or Wales or Ireland without Proof of the Seal^or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same^ shall be admitted in Evidence to the same Extent and for the same Purposes in any Court of Justice of any of the British Colonies, or before any Person having in any of such Colonies by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, without Proof of the Seal or Stamp or Signature authenticating the same, or of the judicial or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

XII. Every Register of a Vessel kept under any of the Acts relating to the Registry of British Vessels may be proved in any Court of Justice, or before any Person having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, /either by the Production of the Original or by an examined Copy thereof, or by a Copy thereof purporting to be certified under the Hand of the Person having the Charge of the Original, and which Person is hereby required to furnish such certified Copy to any Person applying at a reasonable Time for the same, upon Payment of the Sum of One Shilling; and every such Register or such Copy of a Register, and also every Certificate of Registry, granted under any of the Acts relating to the Registry of British Vessels, and purporting to be signed as required by Law, shall be received in Evidence in any Court of Justice, or before any Person having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, as primA facie Proof of all the Matters contained or recited in such Register when the Register or such Copy thereof as aforesaid is produced, and of all the Matters contained or recited in or endorsed on such Certificate of Registry when the said Certificate is produced./

XIII. And whereas it is expedient, as far as possible, to reduce the Expense attendant upon the Proof of criminal Proceedings:> Be it enacted, That whenever in any Proceeding whatever it may be necessary to prove the Trial and Conviction or Acquittal of any Person charged with any indictable Offence, it shall not be necessary to produce the Record of the Conviction or Acquittal of such Person, or a Copy thereof, but it shall be sufficient that it be certified or purport to be certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the

G9$9fe

829

England and Wales.

Documents admissible without Proof of Seal, &c. in England, Wales, or Ireland equally admissible in the Colonies.

Registers of British Vessels and Certificates of Registry admissible as primi facie Evidence of their Contents, without Proof of Signature, &c.

Where necessary to prove Conviction or Acquittal of Person charged, not necessary to produce Record, but may be certified under Hand of Clerk of Court.

Examined or certified Copies of Documents admissible in Evidence.

Certifying a false Document a Misdemeanor.

Court, &c. may

administer

Oaths.

Persons forging Seal, Stamp, or Signature of certain Documents, or wilfully uttering same, guilty of Felony.

Cap. 99.

Law of Evidence Amendment. 14 & 15 VICT.

Custody of the Records of the Court where such Conviction or Acquittal took place, or by the Deputy of such Clerk or other Officer, that the Paper produced is a Copy of the Record of the Indictment, Trial, Conviction, and Judgment or Acquittal, as the Case may be, omitting the formal Parts thereof.

XIV. Whenever any Book or other Document is of such a public Nature as to be admissible in Evidence on its mere Production from the proper Custody, and no Statute exists which renders its Contents provable by means of a Copy, any Copy thereof or Extract therefrom shall be admissible in Evidence in any Court of Justice, or before any Person now or hereafter having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, provided it be proved to be an examined Copy or Extract , : or provided it purport to be signed and certified as a true Copy or Extract by the Officer to whose Custody the Original is intrusted, and which Officer is hereby required to furnish such certified Copy or Extract to any Person applying at a reasonable Time for the same, upon Payment of a reasonable Sum for the same, not exceeding Four-pence for every Folio of Ninety Words.)

XV. If any Officer authorized or required by this Act to furnish any certified Copies or Extracts shall wilfully certify any Document as being a true Copy or Extract, knowing that the same is not a true Copy or Extract, as the Case may be, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, i and be liable, upon Conviction, to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Eighteen Months.}

XVI. Every Court, Judge, Justice, Officer, Commissioner, Arbitrator, or other Person, now or hereafter having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence, is hereby empowered to administer an Oath to all such Witnesses as are legally called before them respectively.

XVII. If any Person shall forge the Seal, Stamp, or Signature of any Document in this Act mentioned or referred to, or shall tender in Evidence any such Document with a false or counterfeit Seal, Stamp, or Signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Transportation for Seven Years, or to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year, with Hard Labour! and whenever any such Dopument shall have been admitted in' Evidence by virtue of this Act, the Court or the Person who shall have admitted the same may, at the Request of any Party against whom the same is so admitted in Evidence, direct that the same shall be impounded and be kept in the Custody of some Officer of the Court or other proper Person for such Period and subject to such Conditions as to the said Court or Person shall seem meet; and every Person who shall be charged with committing any Felony under this Act, or under the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted,

C^r\r\cs]t> sentenced,

1851. Law of Evidence Amendment* Cap. 99, 100. 831

sentenced, and his Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed, in the County, District, or Place in which he shall be apprehended or be in Custody; and every Accessory before cor af ter the Fact to any such Offence may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted, sentenced, and his Offence laid and charged to have been committed, in any County, District, or Place in which the principal Offender may be tried.

XVIII. This Act shall not extend to Scotland* to°4^t1«id.nd

XIX. The Words " British Colony" as used in this Act shall interpretation apply to all the British Territories under the Government of the of" British East India Company, and to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Colony- Alderney, Sark, and Man, and to all other Possessions of the

British Crown, wheresoever and whatsoever.

XX. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of Commence-November in the present Year.

ment of Act.

CAP. C.

An Act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice.

[7th August 1851.]

WHEREAS Offenders frequently escape Conviction on

their Trials by reason of the technical Strictness of Cri-

minal Proceedings in Matters not material to the Merits of the Case: And whereas such technical Strictness may safely

be relaxed in many Instances, so as to ensure the Punishment of the Guilty, without depriving the Accused of any just Means of Defence: And whereas a Failure of Justice often takes

place on the Trial of Persons charged with Felony and Mis-f demeanor by reason of Variances between the Statement in the

Indictment on which the Trial is had and the Proof of Names,

4 Dates, Matters, and Circumstances therein mentioned, not material to the Merits of the Case, and by the Mis statement whereof the Person on Trial cannot have been prejudiced in his

Defence Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the coming of this Act into operation, whenever on the Trial of any Indictment for any Felony or Misdemeanor there shall appear to be any Variance between the Statement in such Indictment and the Evidence offered in Proof thereof, in thq Name of any County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Parish, Township, or Place mentioned or described in any such Indictment, or in the Name or Description of any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, therein stated or alleged to be the Owner or Owners of any Property, Real or Personal, which shall form the Subject of any Offence charged therein, or in the Name or Description of any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, therein

.u Stated

The Court may amend certain Variances not material to the Merits of the Case, and by which the Defendant cannot be prejudiced in his Defence, and may either proceed with or postpone the Trial to be had before the same or another Jury.

Cap. 100. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement.

Verdicts and Judgments valid after Amendments.

stated or alleged to be injured or damaged or intended to be injured or damaged by the Commission of such Offence, or in the Christian Name or Surname, or both Christian Name and Surname, or other Description whatsoever, of any Person or Persons whomsoever therein named or described, or in the Name or Description of any Matter or Thing whatsoever therein named or described* or in the Ownership of any Property named or described therein, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which the Trial shall be had, if it shall consider such Variance not material to the Merits of the Case, and that the Defendant cannot be prejudiced thereby in his Defence on such Merits, to order such Indictment to be amended, according to the Proof, by some Officer of the Court or other Person, both in that Part of the Indictment where such Variance occurs and in every other Part of the Indictment which it may become necessary to amend, on such Terms as to postponing the Trial to be had before the same or another Jury, as such Court shall think reasonable; and after any such Amendment the Trial shall proceed, whenever the same shall be proceeded with, in the same Manner in all respects, and with the same Consequences, both with respect to the Liability of Witnesses to be indicted for Perjury and otherwise, as if no such Variance had occurred; and in case such Trial shall be had at Nisi Prius the Order for the Amendment shall be endorsed on the Postea, and returned together with the Record, and thereupon such Papers, Rolls, or other Records of the Court from which such Record issued as it may be necessary to amend shall be amended accordingly by the proper Officer, and in all other Cases the Order for the Amendment shall either be endorsed on the Indictment or shall be engrossed on Parchment, and filed, together with the Indictment, among the Records of the Court: Provided that in all such Cases where the Trial shall be so postponed as aforesaid it shall be lawful for such Court to respite the Recognizances of the Prosecutor and Witnesses, and of the Defendant, and his Surety or Sureties, if any, accordingly, in which Case the Prosecutor and Witnesses shall be bound to attend to prosecute and give Evidence respectively, and the Defendant shall be bound to attend to be tried, at the Time and Place to which such Trial shall be postponed, without entering into any fresh Recognizances for that Purpose, in such and the same Manner as if they were originally bound by their Recognizances to appear and prosecute or give Evidence at the Time and Place to which such Trial shall have been so postponed: Provided also, that where any such Trial shall be to be had before another Jury the Crown and the Defendant shall respectively be entitled to the same Challenges as they were respectively entitled to before the First Jury was sworn.

II. Every Verdict and Judgment which shall be given after the making of any Amendment under the Provisions of this Act shall be of the same Force and Effect in all respects as if the Indictment had originally been in the same Form in which it was after such Amendment was made.

in. if

1851. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement. Cap. 100.

III. If it shall become necessary at any Time for any Purpose whatsoever to draw up a formal Record in any Case where any Amendment shall have been made under the Provisions of this Act, such Record shall be drawn up in the Form in which the Indictment was after such Amendment was made, without taking any Notice of the Fact of such Amendment having been made.

IV. In any Indictment for Murder or Manslaughter preferred after the coming of this Act into operation it shall not be necessary to set forth the Manner in which or the Means by which the Death of the Deceased was caused, but it shall be sufficient in every Indictment for Murder to charge that the Defendant did feloniously, wilfully, and of his Malice aforethought kill and murder the Deceased, and it shall be sufficient in every Indictment for Manslaughter to charge that the Defendant did feloniously kill and slay the Deceased.

V. In any Indictment for forging, uttering, stealing, embezzling, destroying, or concealing, or for obtaining by false Pretences, any Instrument, it shall be sufficient to describe such Instrument by any Name or Designation by which the same may be usually known, or by the Purport thereof, without setting out any Copy or Facsimile thereof, or otherwise describing the same or the Value thereof.

VI. In any Indictment for engraving or making the whole or any Part of any Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or for using or having the unlawful Possession of any Plate or other Material upon which the whole or any Part of any Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever shall have been engraved or made, or for having the unlawful Possession of any Paper upon which the whole or any Part of any Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever shall have been made or printed, it shall be sufficient to describe such Instrument, Matter, or Thing by any Name or Designation by which the same may be usually known, without setting out any Copy or Facsimile of the whole or any Part of such Instrument, Matter, or Thing.

VII. In all other Cases wherever it shall be necessary to make any Averment in any Indictment as to any Instrument, whether the same consists wholly or in part of Writing, Print, or Figures, it shall be sufficient to describe such Instrument by any Name or Designation by which the same may be usually known, or by the Purport thereof, without setting out any Copy or Fac-simile of the whole or any Part thereof.

VIII. From and after the coming of this Act into operation it shall be sufficient in any Indictment for forging, uttering, offering, disposing of, or putting off any Instrument whatsoever, or for obtaining or attempting to obtain any Property by false Pretences, to allege that the Defendant did the Act with Intent to defraud, without alleging the Intent of the Defendant to be to defraud any particular Person; and on the Trial of any of the Offences in this Section jnentioned it shall not be necessary to prove an Intent on the Part of the Defendant to defraud any

833

Records to be drawn up in amended Form, without noticing the Amendments.

The Means by which the Iqjury was inflicted need not be specified in Indictments for Murder and Manslaughter.

Forms of Indictment in Cases of forging, uttering, or feloniously obtaining any Instrument.

In engraving Plates, &c.

In other Cases.

Intent to defraud particular Persons need not be alleged or proved in Cases of Forgery, uttering, or false Pretences.

Party indicted for Felony or Misdemeanor may be found guilty of an Attempt to commit the same, and shall be liable to the same Consequences as if uharged with and convicted of Attempt, and no Person so tried to be afterwards prosecuted for same.

Repeal of the 11th Section of 7 W.4. &

1 Vict. c. 85.

On the Trial of an Indictment for Robbery the Jury may convict of an Assault with Intent to rob.

No Person so tried to be afterwards prosecuted for same.

Person tried for Misdemeanor not to be acquitted if

Cap. 100. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement

Sxticular Person, but it shall be sufficient to prove that the efendant did the Act charged with an Intent to defraud.

IX. And whereas Offenders often escape Conviction by i reason that such Persons ought to have been charged with attempting to commit Offences, and not with the actual Gom- mission thereof:' For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That if on the Trial of any Person charged with any Felony or Misdemeanor it shall appear to the Jury upon the Evidence that the Defendant did not complete the Offence charged, but that he was guilty only of an Attempt to commit the same, such Person shall not by reason thereof be entitled to be acquitted, but the Jury shall be at liberty to return as their Verdict that the Defendant is not guilty of the Felony or Misdemeanor charged, but is guilty of an Attempt to commit the same, and thereupon such Person shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if he had been convicted upon an Indictment for attempting to commit the particular Felony or Misdemeanor charged in the said Indictment; and no Person so tried as herein lastly mentioned shall be liable to be afterwards prosecuted for an Attempt to commit the Felony or Misdemeanor for which he was so tried.

X. And whereas it is enacted by a certain Act of Parliament i passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty i Queen Victoria^ intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating ' to Offences against the Person, that " on the Trial of any w Person for any of the Offences therein-before mentioned, or " for any Felony whatever where the Crime charged shall 6 " include an Assault against the Person, it shall be lawful for c " the Jury to acquit of the Felony, and to find a Verdict of guilty of Assault against the Person indicted, if the Evi- Ci dence shall warrant such Finding: " And whereas great ' Difficulties have arisen in the Construction of such Enactment For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That the said Enactment shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. If upon the Trial of any Person upon any Indictment for Robbery it shall appear to the Jury upon the Evidence that the Defendant did not commit the Crime of Robbery, but that he did commit an Assault with Intent to rob, the Defendant shall not by reason thereof be entitled to be acquitted, but the Jury shall be at liberty to return as their Verdict that the Defendant is guilty of an Assault with Intent to rob, and thereupon such Defendant shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if he had been convicted upon an Indictment for feloniously assaulting with Intent to rob; and no Person so tried as is herein lastly mentioned shall be liable to be afterwards prosecuted for an Assault with Intent to commit the Robbery for which he was so tried.

XII. If upon the Trial of any Person for any Misdemeanor it shall appear that the Facts given in Evidence amount in Law to a Felony, such Person shall not by reason thereof be entitled

to

1851. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement. Cap. 100.

835

to be acquitted of such Misdemeanor; and no Person tried for the Offence such Misdemeanor shall be liable to be afterwards prosecuted for ^don^unlm Felony on the same Facts, unless the Court before which such the°Cou*t »T* Trial may be had shall think fit, in its Discretion, to discharge direct, the Jury from giving any Verdict upon such Trial, and to direct such Person to be indicted for Felony, in which Case such Person may be dealt with in all respects as if he had not been put upon his Trial for such Misdemeanor.

XIII. If upon the Trial of any Person indicted for Embezzle- Person indicted

ment as a Clerk, Servant, or Person employed for the Purpose mentasa^a«rk or in the Capacity of a Clerk or Servant, it shall be proved that &£nnot u> be he took the Property in question in any such Manner as to acquitted if the amount in Law to Larceny, he shall not by reason thereof be.

entitled to be acquitted, but the Jury shall be at liberty to and rioe return as their Verdict that such Person is not guilty of Em- veni! bezzlement, but is guilty of Simple Larceny, or of Larceny as

a Clerk, Servant, or Person employed for the Purpose or in the Capacity of a Clerk or Servant, as the Case may be, and thereupon such Person shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if he had been convicted upon an Indictment for such Larceny; and if upon the Trial of any Person indicted for Larceny it shall be proved that he took the Property in question in any such Manner as to amount in Law to Embezzlement, he shall not by reason thereof be entitled to be acquitted, but the Jury shall be at liberty to return as their Verdict that such Person is not guilty of Larceny, but is guilty of Embezzlement, and thereupon such Person shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if he had been convicted upon an Indictment for such Embezzlement; and no Person so tried for Embezzlement or Larceny as aforesaid shall be liable to be afterwards prosecuted for Larceny or Embezzlement upon the same Facts.

XIV. If upon the Trial of Two or more Persons indicted On an Iodict-for jointly receiving any Property it shall be proved that One

or more of such Persons separately received any Part of such sons may be Property, it shall be lawful for the Jury to convict upon such convicted of se-Indictment such of the said Persons as shall be proved to have ^*tel7 recelT' received any Part of such Property.

XV. And whereas it frequently happens that the Principal Separate A©.

in a Felony is not in Custody or amenable to Justice, although JSSersniy

several Accessaries to such Felony or Receivers at different be included in ' Times of stolen Property the Subject of such Felony may be the same In-

in Custody or amenable to Justice:' For the Prevention of ^tencetfthe several Trials be it enacted, That any Number of such Access principal Felon, saries or Receivers may be charged with substantive Felonies in the same Indictment, notwithstanding the principal Felon shall not be included in the same Indictment, or shall not be in Custody or amenable to Justice.

XVI. It shall be lawful to insert several Counts in the same Three Lar-Indictment against the same Person for any Number of distinct

Acts of stealing, not exceeding Three, which may have been ^j^in six committed by hum against the same Person within the Space of Months maybe

3 G 2 Six included-

Where a alnfle Taking ia charged, the Prosecutor need not elect, unless where more than Three, or more than Six Months between first end last Taking.

Coin end Bank Notes may be described simply as Money.

Certain Provisions of 93 0.9. c. 11 & 31 O. S. (I.) extended.

Any Court, Judge, Justice, &c. may direct a Person guiky of Perjury in any Evidence, &c. to be prosecuted.

Cap. 100. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement

Six Calendar Months from the first to the last of each Acts, and to proceed thereon for all or any of them.

XVII. If upon the Trial of any Indictment for Larceny it shall appear that the Property alleged in such Indictment to have been stolen at One Time was taken at different Times, the Prosecutor shall not by reason thereof be required to elect upon which Taking he will proceed, unless it shall appear that there were more than Three Takings, or that more than the Space of Six Calendar Months elapsed between the first and the last of such Takings; and in either of such last-mentioned Cases the Prosecutor shall be required to elect to proceed for such Number of Takings, not exceeding Three, as appear to have taken place within the Period of Six Calendar Months from the first to the last of such Takings.

XVIII. In every Indictment in which it shall be necessary to make any Averment as to any Money, or any Note of the Bank of England or any other Bank, it shall be sufficient te describe such Money or Bank Note simply as Money, without specifying any particular Coin or Bank Note; and such Allega* tion, so for as regards the Description of the Property, shall be sustained by Proof of any Amount of Coin or of any Bank Note, although the particular Species of Coin of which such Amount was composed, or the particular Nature of the Bank Note, shall not be proved, and in Cases of Embezzlement and obtaining Money or Bank Notes by false Pretences, by Proof that the Offender embezzled or obtained any Piece of Coin or any Bank Note, or any Portion of the Value thereof, although such Piece of Coin or Bank Note may have been delivered to him in order that some Part of the Value thereof should be returned to the Party delivering the same, or to any other Person, and such Part shall have been returned accordingly.

XIX. Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in England

in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to render Prosecu f tions for Perjury and Subornation of Perjury more easy and

effectual, and by a certain other Act of Parliament made in ' Ireland in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury and Subornation of Perjury more easy

and effectual, and for affirming the Jurisdiction of the Quartet

Sessions in Cases of Perjury, certain Provisions were made to prevent Persons guilty of Perjury and Subornation of Perjury ' from escaping Punishment by reason of the Difficulties attend *

ing such Prosecutions: And whereas it is expedient to amend and extend the same: Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges or Judge of any of the Superior Courts of Common Law or Equity, or for any of Her Majesty's Justices or Commissioners of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or for any Justices of the Peace, Recorder, or Deputy Recorder, Chairman, or other Judge holding any Gene* ral or Quarter Sessions of the Peaoe, or for any Commissmcr

1851. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement Cap. 100.

of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or for any Judge or Deputy Jud^e of any County Court or any Court of Record, or for any Justices of the Peace in Special or Petty Sessions, or for any Sheriff or his lawful Deputy before whom any Writ of Inquiry or Writ of Trial from any of the Superior Courts shall be executed, in case it shall appear to him or them that any Person has been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury in any Evidence given, or in any Affidavit, Deposition, Examination, Answer, or other Proceeding made or taken before him or them, to direct such Person to be prosecuted for such Perjury, in case there shall appear to him or them a reasonable Cause for such Prosecution, and to commit such Person so directed to be prosecuted commit the until the next Session of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery ^iter^nto for the County or other District within which such Perjury was Recognisance committed, unless such Person shall enter into a Recognizance, to appear and with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, conditioned for the Appearance of such Person at such next Session of Oyer to give and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, and that he will then surrender Evidence and take his Trial, and not depart the Court without Leave, and to require any Person he or they may think fit to enter into a Recognizance, conditioned to prosecute or give Evidence against such Person so directed to be prosecuted as aforesaid, and to and give Certi-give to the Party so bound to prosecute a Certificate of the same being directed, which Certificate shall be given without being dirked, any Fee or Charge, and shall be deemed sufficient Proof of such which shall be Prosecution having been directed as aforesaid; and upon the efficientEri-Production thereof the Costs of such Prosecution shall and are 1

hereby required to be allowed by the Court before which any Person shall be prosecuted or tried in pursuance of such Direction as aforesaid, unless such last-mentioned Court shall specially otherwise direct; and when allowed by any such Court in Ireland such Sum as shall be so allowed shall be ordered by the said Court to be paid to the Prosecutor by the Treasurer of the County in which such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed, and the same shall be presented for, raised, and levied in the same Manner as the Expenses of Prosecutions for Felonies are now presented for, raised, and levied in Ireland:

Provided always, that no such Direction or Certificate shall be given in Evidence upon any Trial to be had against any Person upon a Prosecution so directed as aforesaid.

XX. In every Indictment for Perjury or for unlawfully, wilfully, falsely, fraudulently, deceitfully, maliciously, or corruptly taking, making, signing, or subscribing any Oath, Affir-______ __

tnation. Declaration, Affidavit, Deposition, Bill, Answer, Notice, simplifying Certificate, or other Writing, it shall be sufficient to set forth Indictment*, the Substance of the Offence charged upon the Defendant, and by what Court or before whom the Oath, Affirmation, Offence*. Declaration, Affidavit, Deposition, Bill, Answer, Notice, Certificate, or other Writing, was taken, made, signed, or subscribed, without setting forth the Bill, Answer, Information, Indictment, Declaration, or any Part of any Proceeding, either in

Extending the 23 G. 2. c. 11. s. 1. to other Offences, and

1

other like Offences.

838 Cap. 100. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement

Law or in Equity, and without setting forth the Commission or Authority of the Court or Person before whom such Offence was committed.

Extending the XXI. In every Indictment for Subornation of Perjury, or *fs^toFoim ^or corrupt bargaining or contracting with any Person to commit of indictments wilful and corrupt Perjury, or for inciting, causing, or procur-for Subornation ing any Person unlawfully, wilfully, falsely, fraudulently, 0tfexjurjuid deceitfully, maliciously, or corruptly to take, make, sign, or subscribe any Oath, Affirmation, Declaration, Affidavit, Deposition, Bill, Answer, Notice, Certificate, or other Writing, it shall be sufficient, wherever such Perjury or other Offence aforesaid shall have been actually committed, to allege the Offence of the Person who actually committed such Perjury or other Offence in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and then to allege that the Defendant unlawfully, wilfully, and corruptly did cause and procure the said Person the said Offence, in Manner and Form aforesaid, to do and commit; and wherever such Perjury or other Offence aforesaid shall not have been actually committed, it shall be sufficient to set forth the Substance of the Offence charged upon the Defendant, without setting forth or averring any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore rendered unnecessary to be set forth or averred in the Case of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXII. A Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Trial for any Felony or Misdemeanor, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the the Indictment Records of the Court where such Indictment was tried, or by Deputy of such Clerk or other Officer, (for which Certificate a Fee of Six Shillings and Eightpence and no more shall be demanded or taken,) shall upon the Trial of any Indictment for Perjury or Subornation of Penury be sufficient Evidence of the Trial of such Indictment for Felony or Misdemeanor, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

XXIII. It shall not be necessary to state any Venue in the Body of any Indictment, but the County, City, or other Jurisdiction named in the Margin thereof shall be taken to be the Venue for all the Facts stated in the Body of such Indictment; provided that in Cases where local Description is or hereafter shall be required, such local Description shall be given in the Body of the Indictment; and provided also, that where an Indictment for an Offence committed in the County of any City or Town Corporate shall be preferred at the Assizes of the adjoining County, such County of the City or Town shall be deemed the Venue, and may either be stated in the Margin of the Indictment, with or without the Name of the County in which the Offender is to be tried, or be stated in the Body of the Indictment by way of Venue.

XXIV. No Indictment for any Offence shall be held insufficient for Want of the Averment of any Matter unnecessary

to

On Ttials for Perjdry and Subornation a Certificate of the Trial of

on which the Perjury wat committed sufficient Evidence of such Trial.

Venue in" the Margin, sufficient, except where local Description is

* j.

What Defects

889

1851. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement Cap. 100.

to be proved, nor for the Omission of the Words " as appears by the Record," or of the Words "with Force and Arms," or of the Words against the Peace," nor for the Insertion of the Words " against the Form of the Statute " instead of " against the Form of the Statutes," or vice versd, nor for that any Person mentioned in the Indictment is designated by a Name of Office, or other descriptive Appellation, instead of his proper Name, nor for omitting to state the Time at which the Offence was committed in any Case where Time is not of the Essence of the Offence, nor for stating the Time imperfectly, nor for stating the Offence to have been committed on a Day subsequent to the finding of the Indictment, or on an impossible Day, or on a Day that never happened, nor for Want of a proper or perfect Venue, nor for Want of a proper or formal Conclusion, nor for Want of or Imperfection in the Addition of any Defendant, nor for Want of the Statement of the Value or Price of any Matter or Thing, or the Amount of Damage, Injury, or Spoil, in any Case where the Value or Price, or the Amount of Damage, Injury, or Spoil, is not of the Essence of the Offence.

XXV. Every Objection to any Indictment for any formal Defect apparent on the Face thereof shall be taken, by Demurrer or Motion to quash such Indictment, before the Jury shall be sworn, and not afterwards; and every Court before which any such Objection shall be taken for any formal Defect may, if it be thought necessary, cause the Indictment to be forthwith amended in such Particular by some Officer of the Court or other Person, and thereupon the Trial shall proceed as if no such Defect had appeared.

XXVI. So much of a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Sixtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Delay in the Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor, as provides that " where " any Person shall be prosecuted for any Misdemeanor by In-u dictment at any Session of the Peace* Session of Oyer " and Terminer, Great Session, or Session of Gaol Delivery, w Within (that Part of Great Britain called England, or in K Ireland, having been committed to Custody or held to Bail " to appear to answer for such Offence Twenty Days at the " least before the Session at which such Indictment shall be " found, he or she shall plead to such Indictment, and Trial w shall proceed thereupon, at such same Session of the Peace," Session of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, or Session of " Gaol Delivery respectively, unless a Writ of Certiorari for " removing such Indictment into His Majesty's Court of King's ft Bench at Westminster or in Dublin shall be delivered at such fc Session before the Jury shall be sworn for such Trial," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVII. No Person prosecuted shall be entitled to traverse or postpone the Trial of any Indictment found against him at any Session of the Peace, Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Session of Gaol Delivery: Provided always, that if the Court,

3 G 4

Formal Objections to be taken before Jury are sworn.

Court may amend any ' formal Defect.

Repealing Part of 60 G. S. &

1 G. 4. c. 4. as to the Traverse of Indictments in Cases of Misdemeanor.

Provision as to traversing Indictments.

Provision as to Plea of autrefois convict or autrefois acquit.

Punishment for certain indictable Misdemeanors.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Commencement of Act.]

Not to extend to Scotland.

Cap. 100. Administration of Criminal Justice Improvement

upon the Application of the Person so indicted or otherwise, shall be of opinion that he ought to be allowed a further Time, either to prepare for his Defence or otherwise, such Court may adjourn the Trial of such Person to the next subsequent Session, upon such Terms as to Bail or otherwise as to such Court shall seem meet, and may respite the Recognizances of the Prosecutor and Witnesses accordingly, in which Case the Prosecutor and Witnesses shall be bound to attend to prosecute and give Evidence at such subsequent Session without entering into any fresh Recognizance for that Purpose.

XXVIII. In any Plea of autrefois convict or autrefois acquit^ it shall be sufficient for any Defendant to state that he has been lawfully convicted or acquitted (as the Case may be) of the said Offence charged in the Indictment.

XXIX. Whenever any .Person shall be convicted of any One of the Offences following, as an indictable Misdemeanor; that is to say, any Cheat or Fraud punishable at Common Law; any Conspiracy to cheat Or defraud, or to extort Money or Goods, or falsely to accuse of any Crime, or to obstruct, prevent, pervert, or defeat the Course of public Justice; any Escape or Rescue from lawful Custody on a Criminal Charge; any public and indecent Exposure of the Person; any indecent Assault, or any Assault occasioning actual bodily Harm; any Attempt to have carnal Knowledge of a Girl under Twelve Years of Age; any public selling, or exposing for public Sale or to public View, of any obscene Book, Print; Picture, or other indecent Exhibition; it shall be lawful for thd Court to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned for any Term now warranted by Law, and also to be kept to Hard Labour during the whole or any Part of such Term of Imprisonment.

XXX. In the Construction of this Act the Word Indictment " shall be understood to include Information," 44 Inquisition," and Presentment," as well as Indictment, and also any Plea," 64 Replication," or other Pleading, and any Nisi Prius Record; and the Terms finding of the Indictment " shall be understood to include the taking of an Inquisition," "the exhibiting of an Information," and the making a Presentment;" and wherever in this Act, in describing or referring to any Person or Party, Matter or Thing, any Word importing the Singular Number or Masculine Gender is used, the same shall be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons and Parties as well as One Person or Party, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters and Things as well as One Matter or Thing; and the Word Property " shall be understood to include Goods, Chattels, Money, valuable Securities, and every other Matter or Thing, whether real or personal, upon or with respect to which any Offence may be committed.

XXXI. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XXXII. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland.

1851.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

841

CAP. Cl

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[8th August 1851.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful 'and loyal Subjects, the

T " Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall and may be There shall be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply applied, for the granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thou- Year Ts5^! a* sand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Sum of Eleven millions Sum out of the seven hundred and six thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Consolidated Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence out of the Con- Fund-solidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of The Treasury Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under l"*)r cill#e their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills BUU t«The to be made out at the, Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at made out in Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in m^YJ>re" the whole the Sum of Eleven millions seven hundred and six ^G. s. c. l thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Pounds Seventeen Shil- 4 & 5 W, 4. lings and Threepence; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made c*}5*, "ld out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according e 6£ 4ct* to the same or like Buies and Directions, as are directed and described in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An ?c Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer " Bills," and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at " Westminster," and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 11, 706, 835*.

17a. 3d- on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT

of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills."

III. That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by tins Act, out of the Consolidated Fimd of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eleven millions seven hundred and six thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled " An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates " and Duties upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon (t Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recom- pences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such " Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million w five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War " against France," or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

VII. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

Yin. Th»t

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

VIII That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, rihall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bilk have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

IX. That there shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Sum of Four hundred forty-three thousand one hundred and five Pounds Two Shillings and Ninepence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and also the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum in the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or remaining to be raised on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to complete the Aids granted by Parliament for the Service of the I ears One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight. One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X. That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled u An Act to apply the " Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the " Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-w oneand also the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred fifty-six thousand and six hundred Pounds granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for " raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and " fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for

by V >£« the

64$

ExchequerBOls made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may issue Surplus of Ways and Means, and Monies in the Exchequer, fb* Service of 1851.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter ' expressed.

14 & 15 Vict. c. S.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 9.

Hi

Tbcrt shall be issued 6, 543^5 5l for Naval Service*; *is.

1, 435, 723/. for 'Wages to39,000 Seamen and Marines;

50CK632L for Victuals, Arc. in the Navyj

13*62*1 for SalasasH&e* of the AdnumUy Office;

48, 6361 hr the Nary Scientific Departments;

134, 699/. hr Naval Establishments at home;

93, 654/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

676, 416/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. nt bom;

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT.

" the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty- one;" and also the respective Sums of Eleven millions seven hundred and six thousand eight hunderd and thirty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, of Four hundred forty-three thousand one hundred and five Pounds Two Shillings and Ninepence, and of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six millions five hundred forty-three thousand two hundred and fifty-five Pounds, for and towards the Naval Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred thirty-five thousand seven hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Thirty-nine thousand Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines in Her Mxnesty's Fleet, winch will come in course of Payment during the I ear ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-eight thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-eight thousand six hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-four thousand six hundred and ninety-nine Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Slarch One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand six hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred seventy-six thousand four hundred and sixteen rounds, to defray the

Chwg«

1851. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come ih course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand nine hundred and fifty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred eighteen thousand six hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, and for the Retirement of an additional Number of Admirals, Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred forty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred ninety-eight thousand three hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-two thousand nine hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of divers Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred eighty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred fifty-nine thousand five hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not

v Exceeding

35, 9561 for Wages of Artificers, &c. abroad;

718, 647/1 for Naval Half Pay, to.

842, 1982. for Naval Stores,

Ac .;

298, 889/: for near Works in Naval £*a-blislMMitsj

9WQ0L for Medieinee, to.

62, 949/: for Naval MiaoeHft-naoua Services

488, 4522. for Military Pensions j

159, 5892, for Civil Pensions;

143, 9002. for Freight of

Ships, &c. for Arm j and Ordnance Services;

809, 4962. for Packet Smisa

There shall be issued 6, 544, 0872. for Army Services, via.

3, 521, 0702. for Forces in U. K. and Stations abroad (except the East Indies);

159*9322. for General Staff Officers, Ac .;

92, 7472. for Allowances to . Officers, &c. of public Military Departments;

16, 9012. for Royal Military College;

18, 0161 for Royal Military Asylum, &c .;

Cap. 10L Consolidated Fund (Appropriation)* 14 & 15 VlOV.

exceeding One hundred forty-three thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships and for the Victualling and Conveyance of Troops and Stores on account of the Army and Ordnance Departments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and nine thousand four hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Post Office Packet Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

XII. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six millions five hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-seven Pounds, for or towards the Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three millions five hundred twenty-one thousand and seventy Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Her Majesty's Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations (excepting India), which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred fifty-nine thousand nine hundred and thirty-two Pounds, for defraying the Charge of General Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with Her Majesty's Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations (excepting India), and of Her Majesty's Garrison of the Tower of London, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two in-elusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-two thousand seven hundred and forty-seven Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances and contingent Expenses of the several Public Departments of Her Majesty's Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand nine hundred and one Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sam or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand and sixteen Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military Asylum and Hibernian Military School, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One

r thousand

1851.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation), Cap. 101.

843

thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty^first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and 65, ooool. for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixtyrfive thousand Volunteer Founds, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps, which Corps; will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four- ] 4, 6061 for teen thousand six hundred and six Pounds, for defraying the Rewards for Charge of Allowances as Rewards for distinguished Services, of ^mta^lse^ Allowances to Officers of Her Majesty's Garrisons at home and abroad, and of Allowances to Serjeants as Rewards for distinguished or meritorious Service, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum 52,000l. for or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Pounds, P*y of General for defraying the Charge of the Pay of General Officers of Her officer8; Majesty's Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 52, 500/1 for Money not exceeding Fifty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, Full Pay for for defraying the Charge of Full Pay for Reduced and Retired Retired Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, which will come in course of cers; Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or 377,000l. for Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and seventy- Half Pay for seven thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay Retifed °-and Military Allowances to Reduced and Retired Officers of ce"s Her Majesty's Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum 38, 993/1 for or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand nine Half Pay for hundred and ninety-three Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded reign Corps, °- Foreign Corps, of Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and &c. 5 of the Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 122, 717/1 for Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand seven Pensions to hundred and seventeen Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Widow ,; Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

SJ, 41Si for In-P«mooer* of CbelaM and Kilauinham Hospitals;

1, 933, 0502. for Out- Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, Ste .;

37, 5002. for 8upcraonua-tioosin Military Public De-partm — f

469, 3992. for Commissariat Department;

44, 6132. for Half Pay of Comrnissariai Department.,

103, 7002. for Disembodied Militia.

There shall be limed 3, 411, 4971 for

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 Vict#

Eighty-eight thousand five hundred Founds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and of Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand four hundred and thirteen Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred thirty-three thousand and fifty Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, of Pensions granted to discharged Negro Soldiers, of Pensioners from Hanoverian Corps which served with the British Army in One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and of the Military Organization of Out-Pensioners in the United Kingdom, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand five hundred Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances, Compensations, and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons formerly belonging to Public Departments, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred sixty-nine thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-four thousand six hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Pensions, and Allowances in the Commissariat Depart* ment, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and three thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

XIII. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of

Money

1851. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation)* Cap. 101.

Money not exceeding Two millions four hundred and eleven thousand four hundred and ninety-seven Pounds, for or towards the Ordnance Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pay, Allowances, and Contingencies of Ordnance Military Corps, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred sixty-eight thousand two hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expense of Commissariat and Barrack Supplies for Her Majesty's Forces, Great Coats for the Army, and Clothing for Colonial Corps, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-five thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Ordnance Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred ninety-five thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Expense of Establishments at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty -two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of Wages at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety-four thousand nine hundred and nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of Ordnance Stores for Land and Sea Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred seventy thousand three hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expense of Works, Buildings, and Repairs, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand six hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Scientific Branch, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-three thousand two hundred and forty-eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of Non-effective Services, Military and Civil, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

Ordnance Services; viz.

712, 582/. for Pay of Ordnance Military Corps;

268, 257/. for Commissariat and Barrack Supplies, Sec .;

75, 950/. for Ordnance Office;

295, 750/. for Establishments at home and abroad;

122, 800/. for Wages of Artificers, Ac .;

194, 909/. for Ordnance Stores for Land and Sea Service;

470, 347/. for Works and Repairs;

97, 654/. for Scientific Branch;

173, 248/. for Non-effective Services.

SSQ

Thera shall be issued

300,00011 for the Kmffir War.

There shall be issued 17, 756, 6001.. to pay off Exchequer Bills of 1850;

and 500,00021 to discharge Supplies for 1850, See.

There shall be issued 100,00021 for Ciril Contingencies; 97, 74# for Repair of Royal Palaces, &c .;

41, 8292. for Repair of Lodges, Footpaths, &c. of Royal Parks, &c.

3, 5291, for temporary Accommodation for Houses of Parliament^ &o .;

116, 38521 for New Houses of Parliament;

7,00021 for General Repo-titory for Records;

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 Viol

XIV. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the Kaffir War, beyond the ordinary Grants for Army, Navy, Ordnance, and Commissamt Sendees for the Years One thousand eight hundred and fifty — fifty-one and One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one — fifty-two-XY. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen millions seven hundred fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds; to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one unprovided for; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, to discharge the like Amount of Supplies granted for the Service of the Yew One thousand eight hundred and fifty or for any preoedimrilft^ XVI. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies mmtii there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge for Civil Contingencies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand seven hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two the Expense of Maintenance and Repair of Royal Palaces and Public Buildings, for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same, for the Rents of Houses taken for the occasional and temporary Accommodation of the Public Service, for the Purchase and Repair of Furniture required in the various Public Departments, and for Services connected with the lighting, watching, and general Protection of the Public Offices; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of keeping in repair the Walls, Lodges, and other Buildings, Fences, Roads, Rides, Drives, Parades, and Footpaths, and of other Charges, relating to the Royal Parks, Pleasure Grounds, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of providing temporary Accommodation for the Houses of Parliament, Committee Rooms, Offices, and temporary official Residences for the Speaker of the House of Commons and other Officers of the House, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixteen thousand three hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to defray to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two the Charge of the Works at the i\Tcw Houses of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds towards defrayingin the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Expense of the

Erection

1851.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

851

Erection of a General Repository for Public Records; and any 6i, 48ii for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-one thousand Holyhead Har-four hundred and eighty-one Pounds on account of the Works urj at the new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holy-head4, and to defray the Expense of the present Harbour Establishment at Holyhead, to the Thirty-first Day of J^arch One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of 2, 783*. for Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred and eighty- Port Patrick three Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pay of the Establish- arbour 5 ment and necessary Works at Port Patrick Harbour, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight* hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 23, 239* for Twenty-three thousand two hundred and thirty-pine Pounds, .PuWf ua<k to defray the Expense of maintaining the several Public Build- mentorPabHe" ings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works Work* in Ire-in Ireland, also the Expense of Inland Navigation, and other land*5 Services, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to the,

Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and , fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten io, 660Z.for thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Expense Kingstown, of Works and Repairs at Kingstown Harbour, and to provide for Harbour the Harbour Establishment, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or 144,000* for Suiub of Money not exceeding One hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, to defray in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Expense of constructing Harbours of Refuge.

XVII. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid Civil Snvicw, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of 0a9s2\ Money not exceeding Ninety-ijwo thousand three hundred 92, 300*. for Pounds* to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Two Houses Salaries, of of Parliament, and Allowances to Retired Officers of the Two Par"

Houses, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 53, 700*. for exceeding Fifty-three thousand seven hundred Pounds, to pay the Treasury; the Salaries and Expepses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 25, 270* for exceeding Twenty-five thousand two hundred and seventy Home Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to the Thirty-first Day of iVlarch One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 37, 100*. for the . Thirty-seven thousand one hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries Colonial De-aud Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of partmeilt5 State for War and the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March - .

One, thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or 71, 100*. for Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand one the Foreign hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department 5 Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Afrairs, and also of the Queen's Messengers and Extra Couriers

852

53, 600/. for the Privy Council, Privy Council for Trade, Education Office, &c .;

2,000l. for Lord Privy Seal;

24, 700*. for Office of Paymaster General;

6, 279*. for Department of Comptroller General of Exchequer;

2, 700*. for State Paper Office;

2, 230*. Part Expenses of Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

211, 500*. for Administration O# Poor Laws;

47,000*. for the Mint;

8, 062*. for Commissioners of Railways;

11, 960*. for Public Records, Ac .;

14, 583*. for Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Factories, &c .;

1, 700*. Civil Charges, Scotland, Ac .;

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT.

attached to that Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-three thousand six hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council and Committee of Privy Council for Trade, also of the Education Office and the Office of the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to pay the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum ot Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand seven hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries, contingent and other Expenses, of the Office of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, to the Thirty-first Day of Marcii One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand two hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thouand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray a Portion of the Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and eleven thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Pounds, to defray the Expenditure of the Mint, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Commissioners of Railways, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses connected with the Public Records, and Compensations to Keepers of Records, and others whose Places have been abolished, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand (eight' htmdred tod fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money nbt fexteednt^ Fourteen thousand five hundred and eighty-three Porirtds^to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred ^Pounds, to pay the

X^DDgle &dariea

1851.

853

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

Salaries of certain Officers in Scotland and other Charges formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and sixty-four Pounds, to pay the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and the Privy Council Office in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four thousand eight hundred and thirty-four Pounds, to

Ey the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Public Works in eland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, to the Thirty-firBt Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-six thousand five hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to defray the Expense of Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, including the Expense of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

XVIII. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, to defray Law Charges, and the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Offices of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Expenses connected with the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, the Expenses incurred by Sheriffs, the Deficiency in the Fees in the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, the Salaries and ancient Allowances to certain Officers of the Court of Exchequer, and certain Expenses of the Queen's Prison; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand and eighty Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Commis-> v 3 H 3 sioners

6, 4641 for Officers,

&c. of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;

24, 152/. for Salaries of Chief Secretary, &c., Ireland;

6, 055*. for Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland;

34, 834*. for Board of Public Works, Ireland;

32,000*. for Foreign and Secret Services,

226, 5661 for Stationery, for Public Deportments*.

Civil Sxkvicu.-

Clau 3.

There shall be issued 13,000*. for Solicitor to. the Treasury;

8, 670*: for Prosecutions' relating to Coin;

17, 700*. for Ei-peuses of Sheriffs Salaries of Officers of the Exchequer, &o«

9, 080/. for ) Insolvent Debtors Court;

64

7, 8401 for Law Expenses) Scotland)

60,000l. for' Criminal Prosecutions, &c. Ireland;

35, 5001, for Metropolitan Police, Dublin;

200,000l. for Chargee formerly paid from County Rates;

15, 472/. for General Superintendence of Prisons, &c .;

-251, 209/. for Government Prisons, &c* at home;

117, 190/. for Maintenance of Prisoners and Removal of Convicts;

98, 860/. for Transportation of Convicts;

183, 030/. for Convict Establishments in the Colonies.

Civil Services, Clast 4.

46, 824/.for British Museum;

31, 2217. for new' Buildings, &c. at ditto;

3, 500/. for A utilities for ditto;

Gaji 101/ (Appn>pi*&tb%?p 14 & 15 ViOli

donefre of the lnwdVertt Debtor* Oourt, to the Thirty-first Day of Match One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; *nd any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-seren thousand teight hundred and forty Pounds, to defray Law Expenses in Scotland, to the TWrty-fhwt Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Chaises in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty* five thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Ex-

Snse of the Metropolitan Police of Dublin, to the Thirty-first ly of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred then* sand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, certain Charges formerly paid out of County Rates $ and any Sum or Stuns of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Inspection and general Superintendence over aH the Prisons in the United Kingdom, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred fifty-one thousand two hundred and sixty-nme Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Government Prisons and Gonviet Establishments at home, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventeen thousand one hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, the Philanthropic Insti* tution, and Lunatic Asylums, and Expenses of Removal of Convicts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with the Transportation of Convicts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-three thousand and thirty Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Convict Establishments in the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

XIX. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand eight hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the British Museum, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums <of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand two hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to defray the Expense of new Buildings and Fittings at the British Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, to enable the

Trusteed

1851k; i . i Cap. 101.

Trustees of tbd British Museum to defray; $*peu0cs incurred in procuring Antiquitiea; And any. Sqm or, Sums of Money not exoaediag One hundred and fifty thousand, Pounds, for Public Education in Great Britain, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand; eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sauna of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-four thousand five hundred and sixty Poynds, tp defray the Expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland* to the Thirty- first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thour sand and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the School of Design and for Aid to Provincial School^ tp, the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Allowances to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any, Sum. or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the University of London* to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Mopey not exceeding Seven thousand six hundred and ten. Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty^ first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two. Grants to Scottish Universities, formerly defrayed from the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the .Royal Irish Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Royal Dublin Society, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to pay the Salaries of Theological Professors at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Queen's University in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expenses of the National Gallery; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand six hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, the Museum of Practical Geology in London, and the

3 H 4

84*:

150,000* for i ' Education in Great Britain f

134, 560* for

Education,

Ireland,

15, 055* for School of . Design, &c .;

2, 006* for certain Professors at Oxford and Cambridge; >

3, 920* for London University \

7, 610* for Grants to Scot- 4 tish Universities;

300/. for Royal Irish Academy;

300* for Royal Hibernian Academy;

6, 260* for Royal Dublin Society;

3,000* for Royal Belfast Academical Institution;

1, 620/. for Queen's Univerb sity, Ireland;

1, 700* for National Gallery;

15, 623* for Geological Survey, &c .;

856

3, 421?. for Magnetic Observatories, Ac .;

10,000l. for National Gallery, Scotland.

Civil Sbkvicis,

CLau 5.

4, 049/. for Civil Establishment of Bermudas;

1, 500L for Prince Edward's Island;

7, 677/. for Ecclesiastical Establishment of British N.A. Provinces;

13, 660/. for Indian Department in Canada;

701, for Bahama islands;

18, 098/. for Salaries of Governors, &c. of West India Colonies;

36, 075/. for Salaries, &c. of Justices in West India Colonies and the Mauritius;

13, 780/.for Civil Establishments, Western Coast of Africa, Ac .;

10, 8751. for St. Helena;

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT.

the Museum of Irish Industry in Dublin, to the Thirty-fat Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand four hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to defray the Expense of Magnetic Observatories abroad, including the Superintendents Establishment at Woolwich, also of Observations and Sendees carrying on under the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of erecting Buildings for a National Gallery in Edinburgh, and other Purposes connected therewith, and with the Promotion of Fine Arts in Scotland.

XX. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and forty-nine Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Prince Edward's Island, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand six hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Bahama Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indian Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and seventy-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand eight hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray Charges connected with the Island of Saint

i Helena,

85T

Consolidated Ifand(Appropriation). Cap. 101.

Hfclena, to the Thirty-first Day of March Oae thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 6.359*. for exceeding Six thousand three hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, Western Au*-to defray the Charge of Western Australia, to the Thirty-first tralia;

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and 1, 10s/. for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one PortEsrington; hundred and three Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Settlement at Port Essington, to the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or 20,000l. for Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to Nev Zealand 5 defray the Charge of New Zealand, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two 5 and any Sum 986/. for Or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and eighty-six Heli8oland Pounds, to defray the Charge of Heligoland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and 5,000l. for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Falkland Islands, to the 14 " Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 15, 500/. for Fifteen thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of British Settle-Hong Kong, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand ^e0t at Hong eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money 5for not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray Labuan; the Charge of Labuan* to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of 35, 331/. for Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand three hundred and Colonial Land thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Colonial Land ^r^tloa and Emigration Board, and of the Emigration Officers at the \

different Ports of this Kingdom, and other Expenses connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money 6o, oooo/.forSup-not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, to defray Expenses port ofcaptuwd incurred for the Support of captured Negroes and liberated Ne^rocs»&c* Africans and other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money M>650/# not exceeding Fourteen thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, Commission to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, the Salaries and contingent Expenses of 1116 Te 1 ' the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any 1494901.for ' Bum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-eight the Consular thousand four hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Charge EatahHshmeats Of the Consular Establishments abroad, to the Thirty-first Day ab of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any i6, oooo/.forMl*. Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, sums abroad, for the extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Missions abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two. Civil Services,

XXI. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid Gano. there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of There shall be

am

for Supermnnu ations, fcc, to Public Officers;

8, 750/, for Toulobese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

2,000l. for National Vaccine Institution;

3251. for Refuge for Destitute;

4, 4502. for Polish Refugees, &c .;

6, 166/. to pay Miscellaneous Allowances;

6507. for Foundling Hospital, House of Industry, Dublin;

9, 8337. for House of Industry, Dublin;

600/. for Female Orphan House, Dublin;

1, 750/. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin;

600/. for Lying-in Hospital, Dublin;

1, 2007. for Dr. Stevens' Hospital, Dublin;

3.040/. for House of Re-

Cbpf ](01 j Q(m miidated Fund(Jpprvp?iafo»).l4: & 15 VjQBi

Money not exceeding On* hundred and-eight theua&Mf hundred, and five Pounds, to defray the Charge) of Supes-annuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed, in the Public Service, to / the Thirty-first JD*yj.<£' March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two-; and anji Sum {or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand eeven, hundred and fifty Pounds, to grant lielief, to the Thirty-firA Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty*tw4i4ti Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants* Saint Domin^ Sufferei^ American. Loyalists* and others* who have heretofore received' Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds* to defray the Expense of the; National Vacoine Establishment* in the Yeajh One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum; or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and»tmntp-fig& Pounds* towards the Support of the Refuge for th$> Destitute*: in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand four' hundred and fifty Pounds for Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees* and Allowances to distressed Spaniards, to the Thirty-first Day of March \ One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum, or Sums of Money not exceeding Si* thousand one hundred and sixty-bix Pounds* to pay* to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrays from the Civil List* the Hereditary Revenue, for which uu permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Foundling Hospital Departments House of Industry, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand eight hundred and eighty-three Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the House of Industry, Dublin* to the Thirty-^irst Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Female Orphan House* Dublin* to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defray* mg the Expense of the Westmoreland Lode Hospital, Dublin* to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense* of the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, ' to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of Doctor Stevens? Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand and forty Pounds* towards

defraying

1899/ 'j ^; OmriidiHwf f\tnd (Apjpdpiimth*}*' Gaji tyU Ml

&h&png the Expense oftthc Hoiiae* of Recovery and Fever corny; aca r Hospital, Cork Street, 1 Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March Dublin *

One thousand eight hundred «and fifty-two; and any Sum or 4oo/. for Hos-Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Hospital for Incurables, Dublin* u n* io the Thirty-jfirst Day of March Ohe thousand eight hundred 1

tod'fifty-twe j and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ss, i6ot for Thirty-eight thousand one hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Expense of Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Die* ter^Ueiand; Seating Ministers in Ireland, to tee Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two 5 and any Sum or 6, 589/. for Cha-Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand five hundred and ntable^ll^>r Oigbty-nine Pounds, 1 to pay, to the Thirty-firsfc Day of March c *

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, Charitable Allowances changed on the Concord at urn Fund In Ireland, and other ABowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from the Grants fot '

the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c.

XXII. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid ttv«.S«anca% there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of GfowV Money not exceeding Nine thousand nine hundred and sixty- ^w^BwSrd^of nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of the General Board of Health; Health, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 1 i, 5oot for fn* exceeding Eleven' thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the tat^Commul Charge of the Salaries and Expenses of the Incumbered Estates si0», Ireland; Commission in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums of 4, 99s/. for Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and ninety* ^J^?uses three Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not iso,000l. for exceeding One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, to defray Cen8Us; tee Expense incurred in taking the Census of the Population of the United Kingdom, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and any Sum or Sums Wpa/. for ef Money not exceeding Seven thousand seven hundred Pounds towards the Erection of a new Bridge at Inverness; and any 7,000l. Cholera Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, in Jamaica; to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-ooe, the Expenses incurred in consequence of the Cholera in Jamaica; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen 15,000l. for thousand Pounds, towards the Erection of an additional Mu- Coi^eof*0* seum, and for enlarging the Theatre at the Royal College of Surges; Surgeons for the Delivery of the Hunterian Lectures; and any 1,000l. for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, Babylonian towards defraying, in the Year One thousand eight hundred i"scHptfons^ and fifty-one, the Expense of the Publication of Babylonian and Assyrian Inscriptions; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ^00/- E*cava" exceeding Five hundred Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year t, onsat ousa* One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of Excavations at the Mound of Sousa; and any Sum or Sums of

Goo Money

10,000L for Works st Spam Point.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Expenditure for Nary, Army, and Ordnance Services respectively to be confined to the separate Services for which granted.

Treasury may, on Application, alter the proportionate Amounts for such separate Services, provided the total Grant to each Department be not exceeded.

Buies to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated to Half Pay.

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT.

Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of the Construction of Works at Spurn Point, to resist the Inroads of the Sea, and protect the Channel of Navigation at the Humber.

XXIII. That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts, of this Session of Parliament.

XXIV. That the respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act for Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sum of Six millions five hundred forty-three thousand two hundred and fifty-five Pounds for Naval Services, in the Sum of Six millions five hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-seven Pounds for Army Services, and in the Sum of Two millions four hundred eleven thousand four hundred and ninety-seven Pounds for Ordnance Services: Provided always, that if the Exigencies of the Public Service shall render it indispensably necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the separate Services comprised in the aggregate Sum granted by this Act for Naval Services, for Army Services, or for Ordnance Services, the Department in which such Necessity shall have arisen shall represent the Circumstances which may have led to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and it shall be lawful for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect being signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sum of Six millions five hundred forty-three thousand two hundred and fifty-five Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, of Six millions five hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-seven Pounds for Army Services, or of Two millions four hundred eleven thousand four hundred and ninety-seven Pounds for Ordnance Services, shall not be exceeded.

XXV. And as to the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-seven thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on account of Half Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the

, A8#

1851.

861

Consolidated fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in 'Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission Was received tinder Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit tmder another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond die Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay, or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of each Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary-at-War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with

V ^OOglCthe

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices aince July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Cap. 101. Coruelidated Fund (Appropriation)* 14 & 15 VICT.

the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary-at-War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day" of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Plaoe or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Master ^General and the Board of Ordnance, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Halt* Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Actor Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every Such Person shall receive the satne according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Sergeant Major, Sergeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local 'Militia or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to. any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or Under any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through thefiw tary-at-War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, thatanAocount shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament shall be then sittings or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of theofttag of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number rf Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Employments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective

r Consolidated Fund (Appropriation), Cap. I Ok. £68

respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments xjS their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

XXVI. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners ode Treasury may Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in Em-

which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the ploymentsto Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or else- ^eiT wherein Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emolu- Cases." ments will be conducive, to Economy, and thereby beneficial to (the Public Service, and1 in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

XXVII. And whereas a considerable Part of the Money Person* con- appropriated on account of Half Pay by an Act passed in ?ern.edin . f he Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Years of Her present Majesty,

intituled " An Act to apply a Sum out of he Consolidated Money for Pay-A* Fund and certain other Sums to, the Service of the Year *ntwithout J u One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to appropriate ^requisite f the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament," has Oath*, indem-15 been issued without requiring by Persons issuing or paying, nlfied-f and without the taking by the Persons receiving, Half Pay, *3^714 v*ct *

the Oaths or Declarations prescribed to be taken by Officers c '

claiming Half Pay, and Part of the said Monies has been paid f io Officers claiming or entitled to Half Pay who at the same it Time held and may still hold the Situations of and serve

respectively as Surgeons, Serjeant Majors, Sergeants, Corporal% or Privates in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry f or Volunteer Corps, in Great Britain or Ireland, and it is *5 expedient that all such Persons should be indemnified:' Be ^therefore enacted, That all Persons concerned in the advising, authorizing, or directing the issuing or in the issuing of any Half Pay, or any Monies for Half Pay, or in the Application of any Money appropriated by the said Act for that Purpose, dr in receiving or being concerned in the receiving any Portion of the Money so appropriated for such Half Pay, without requiring or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, or to or, on recount of any such Officers or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby fully exonerated and discharged from all Penal ties, Forfeitures, Prosecutions, or Proceedings in respect of anything done in relation thereto, in all Cases in which such Half Pay, or Payment for or in respect of such Half Pay, shall have, been or may hereafter be issued or received in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and; the Usages heretofore established or observed in relation to the imuing, paying, and receiving of Half Pay in all other respects, except so far as relates to the demanding, requiring, or taking.

he said Oaths or Declarations, and all such Payments and

864

Cap. 101. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation} 14 & 15 Vict.

Half Pay allowed to Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Bene* flees derived from the Crown.

Issues of Half Pay which shall have been or may be issued to any such Person as aforesaid shall be deemed valid and effectual Payments, and the Paymaster General, and all other Persons concerned in the issuing and paying the same, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified, and shall be and are hereby fully discharged and exonerated, in respect thereof in all Accounts relating to such Issues and Payments, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Laws, Rules, or Regulations, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation contained in the Letter of Service under which they were

raised that they should be allowed to receive any Half Pay to which they might be entitled, notwithstanding their holding Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps, but no Provision

has been made by Parliament for Payment of such Half Pay, and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be now made for the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who were entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwithstanding their having held the Full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have been allowed to receive the same, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before any Person hereby authorized to administer a Declaration to Persons for the Purpose of receiving Half Pay that they had not in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officers of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

XXIX. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay,

though in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown,

and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed on Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay

foc

1851.

865

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 101.

for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they ^eld no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXX. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty the several Supplies which had been granted to Her Majesty as therein mentioned were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three hundred and eighty-six thousand Pounds in the whole, was appropriated to be paid on account of Half Pay for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half Pay as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf:' Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That so much of the Sum of Three hundred and eighty-six thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late War, or such others as by reason of their long Ster-vice or otherwise Her Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual as shall be signed in that Behalf, anything in this Act or the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And as to the Sum of One hundred twenty-two thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces as aforesaid, and as to the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any}Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

XXXII. That any such Declaration shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or

Surplus of Sura by 13 & 14 Vict. c. 107. appropriated to Half Pay Officers to be disposed of as Her Majesty shall direct.

Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.

Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 62.

p

90 G. 2. c. 38.

& 5 W. 4.

59.

6 W.4. c. 15.

L

Preliminary.

Skort Title. Interpretation.

C. 101, 102. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 14 & 15 VICT.

before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

Year of Act

CAP. CII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Merchant Seamen's Fund, and to provide for winding up the said Fund, and for the better Management thereof in the meantime* [8th August 1851.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Yes the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An 4 for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and She Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, 4 or drowned in the Merchant Service: And whereas another Act was passed in the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act 4 to amend an Act of the Twentieth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned in the Merchant Service; and for other Purposes: And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, in order to enable certain Seamen belonging to Shetland or Orkney to pay certain Sums of Money payable under that Act to the Seamen's Fund at Lerwick in Shetland or Kirkwall in Orkney: And 'whereas the Institution established and carried on under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, commonly known by the Name of the Merchant Seamen's Fund," has been ascertained to be inadequate for the Purposes for which it was established, and can no longer be carried on with Benefit to British Merchant Seamen, and it is therefore expedient that the said Institution should be brought to an End, and that such Provision should be made as herein-after mentioned for winding up the Affairs thereof, and for satisfying the just Demands of Persons having Claims upon the said Fund:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Seamen's Fund Winding-r up Act, 1851."

2. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter; (that is to say,)

Goo '

Merchant Seamen's Fund.

Cap. 102.

867

The Expression "United Kingdom" shall be taken to mean "United the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Kingdom:"

The Expression " Board of Trade" shall mean the Com- " Board of mittee of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Trade:" Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations:

The Expression u President and Governors" shall mean the President and President and Governors for the Belief and Support of Governors :M sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned in the Merchant Service, incorporated by the first of the said recited Acts:

The Expression "the Fund" shall mean the Merchant Sea- 44the Fund:" men's Fund:

The Word " Ship " shall include every Description of Vessel " Sh'P *" employed on the High Seas or on the Coasts of the United Kingdom, or in any Port or Creek of the same, except Boats exclusively employed in fishing on the Coasts of the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Sark, Alderney, or Man, and except Vessels employed exclusively in trading or going only from Place to Place within any River of the United Kingdom:

The Expression u Home-trade Ship " shall include every Ship Home-trader included in the above Definition, employed in trading or going within the following Limits; (that is to say,) the Coasts of the United Kingdom, the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, and the Continent of Europe between the River Elbe and Brest, inclusive:

The Expression " Foreign-going Ship" shall include every "Foreign-"Ship" included in the above Definition, employed in going Ship:'4' trading or going beyond the Limits aforesaid:

The Wonl " Owner," when applied to a Ship, shall include all Owner;

the Persons, if more than One, to whom the Ship belongs:

The Word "Master" shall include every Person having "Master:" Command or Charge of a Ship:

The Word "Seaman" shall include every Person (except "Seaman." Masters and Apprentices duly indentured and registered) employed or engaged to serve in any Capacity on board any Ship.

3. The following Enactments, (that is to say,) so much of the said Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Repealing

George the Second, Chapter Thirty-eight, as enables the said Chute.

President and Governors to purchase Lands and erect a Hos- Repeal of cer_ pital; so much of the Fourth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, tain Part* of and Twenty-first Sections of the said Act of the Fifth Year 20 G. 2. c. 38. of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two, as 7 5 *

relates to the Purchase by the said President and Governors, or c. m. by any Trustees at Outports, of Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- and the whole taments; so much of the Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, and Twentj-first Sections of the last-mentioned Act as relates to the Appointment by any Trustees at Outports of Receivers of

3 1 2

the

Repealing

Clauee.

III.

Agency for managing the 1'und.

Board of Trade to superintend the Business of winding up the .Fund.

Corporation and Trustees nominated under Provisions of 20 G. 2. c, 38. and 4 & 5 W.4. c. 52. to continue so long as necessary for carrying this Act into effect.

No Trustees to be appointed where there have hitherto not been any.

In certain Cases the Board of Trade may suspend the Functions of the President and Governors or Trustees.

Cap. 102.

Merchant Seamen's Fund. 14 & 15 VICT.

the Fand, and to the Collection of Duties; the Second, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh* Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Seventeenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-fifth Sections of the last-mentioned Act; the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen; and the Thirty-first Section of the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twelve, shall be repealed, except as to any Offences committed, or Penalties or Liabilities incurred under any of the said Enactments, before the passing of this Act.

4. The Board of Trade shall undertake the general Supervision of the Business of winding up the Fund in manner herein-after mentioned; and the Two Persons nominated to assist such Board in the Execution of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1350, shall assist such Board in the Execution of this Act; and such Board may for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution appoint such Officers, Clerks, and Servants as it may deem necessary, and make use of the General Register Office of Merchant Seamen, and may, if necessary for such Purpose, increase the Number of Persons employed there, and may appoint additional Remuneration to any Persons now employed there upon whom additional Duties are thrown by reason of this Act.

5. The President and Governors and the several Boards of Trustees nominated under the Provisions of the Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Thirty-eight, and of the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth. Chapter Fifty-two, or of either of such Acts, shall continue to exist, and to have Succession, or to be from Time to Time nominated, as provided by the said Acts or either of them, for such Time and to such Extent as are consistent with the Provisions of this Act, and necessary for carrying the same into effect; and the said President and Governors, and Boards of Trustees (including the Guild and Brotherhood of the Master and Pilots Seamen of the Town and Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol,) shall continue to have and exercise such of the Powers granted to them respectively by the said Acts or either of them as are consistent with the Provisions of this Act; but no Trustees shall be appointed at any Out port at which they have not been appointed before the passing of this Act-

6* If the said President and Governors, or any of the Boards of Trustees at Outports, fail to be duly chosen or constituted, or resign, or neglect or refuse to discharge their Duties in respect of the Fund, or to obey any of the Provisions of tte Act, or any Regulations or Orders lawfully issued in pursuance thereof, the Board of Trade may, by Letter to be signed by One

869

1§51. Merchant Seamen's Fund. Cap. 102.

of the Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries to such Board, declare the Functions of the said President and Governors or of any such Board of Trustees (as the Case may be) in respect of the Fund to be suspended, and the said Corporation or Board of Trustees sh^ll thereupon cease, so long as such Suspension continues, to have any Rights or Powers in respect thereof, and shall deliver all Property and Matters relating to the said Fund to the Board of Trade, or as it directs; but no such Suspension shall relieve the said President and Governors, or any such Board of Trustees, from the Obligation of making any Payments, Transfers, Deliveries, Returns, Accounts, or Explanations which the Board of Trade is hereby authorized to require.

7. In any Case in which the Functions of the said President and Governors or of any of the Boards of Trustees of Outports are suspended as herein-before mentioned, the Board of Trade may, in its Discretion, either take into its own Hands the entire Management of that Portion of the Fund with reference to which such Functions arc suspended, or, if there is a Local Marine Board at the Port willing to undertake the same, may commit the Functions of the said President and Governors or of such Board of Trustees, as the Case may be, or any Part of such Functions, to such Local Marine Board, and may at any subsequent Time, if it thinks fit, resume the same or any Part thereof.

8. At each Port the Shipping Masters appointed under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, or such of the said Shipping Masters, if more than One, as the Board of Trade directs, shall be the Receivers of such Contributions to the Fund from Masters and Seamen as may be payable under the Provisions hereinafter contained; and in the Case of Shipping Masters appointed by a Local Marine Board constituted under the said last-mentioned Act, such Board may, with the Sanction of the Board of Trade, and in other Cases the Board of Trade may appoint any Clerks or Servants to assist the Shipping Masters in the Discharge of their Duties as Receivers; and the Board of Trade may sanction such Remuneration (if any) as it may deem necessary for the Discharge of such Duties.

9. The several Persons now employed by the said President and Governors or by the said Boards of Trustees at Outports in any Duties other than the Collection of the Duties payable under the said Acts shall, unless the Board of Trade otherwise directs, be continued in such Employment, so far as the same may be requisite for the Purposes of this Act; but the Board of Trade may alter and regulate the Salaries or Remuneration to be paid to such Persons, and if it appears to such Board that their Services may be dispensed with, may dismiss them, and may commit the Performance of their Duties to the Shipping Masters above mentioned, or to any other Persons whom it may appoint for the Purpose, and may also, in any Cases in which it appears to such Board just and proper so to do, grant to any Persons so dismissed, and also to any Persons now employed in the Collection

3 I 3 of

Agency for' managing the Fund,

Their Functions in that Case may be undertaken by Itoard of Trade, or committed to Local Marine Boaid.

Shipping Masters appointed under the Mercantile Marine Act 13 & 14 Vict. c. 93. ss. 35, 4'29 43^ to act as Hcccivcns.

Persons nowr employed in distributing Belief, &c. may be continued, with Power to Board of Trade to regulate Remuneration and to dismiss them.

870

Agency far managing tike Fund.

No new Officer to be appointed without Sanction of the Board of Trade. Security of Officers employed.

Salaries, he. to be approved by Treasury;

and to be paid out of General Fund.

IV.

Sourcet and Collection of Fund.

General Fund to be formed.

President and Governors and Trustees to apply Property belonging to Fund as Board of Trade directs.

Property held upon special Trusts to be

Cap. 102. Merchant Seamen's Fund. 14 & 15 VICT.

of Duties, a fair and moderate Compensation for any Loss they may sustain by reason of this Act.

10. No new Officers or Servants shall be appointed to assist in the Administration of the Fund, and no Salaries or Re* muneration shall be granted or Expenses incurred, without the Sanction of the Board of Trade.

11. The Board of Trade may require from all Persons employed in the Collection or Distribution of the Fund such Security for the Performance of their Duties as it may consider expedient.

12. All Salaries, Remunerations, and Compensations hereby authorized shall be first submitted to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for their Approval.

13. All Salaries, Remunerations, and Wages payable to any Persons employed in the Administration of the Fund, and all Expenses incurred in respect thereof, shall be defrayed out of the General Fund herein-after mentioned, and all Disbursements on account of the Fund shall be made through the Hands of the Officers appointed for that Purpose, and shall not be made by any other Person or in any other Manner.

14. All Monies and Property, whether real or personal, forming Part of or belonging to the Merchant Seamen's Fund or any Branch thereof, as well Capital Stock, Land, and Securities, as yearly Revenue and Cash, and all Monies arising from Contributions or otherwise accruing to the said Fund, shall form One General Fund for the Purpose of meeting the various Expenses hereby authorized.

15. Upon being required so to do by the Board of Trade, the President and Governors and the several Boards of Trustees at Outports shall pay and apply all Monies in their Possession or Power as Trustees of the Fund (except Monies held under Gifts for special or local Purposes, distinct from the general Purposes of the Fund at the Port,) in such Manner as the Board of Trade directs for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and as to all other Securities and Property, whether real or personal, in their Possession or Power as Trustees of the Fund (except Securities and Property held for such special or local Purposes as aforesaid) shall, as and when the Board of Trade directs, either sell, call in, and convert the same into Money, and pay and apply the Proceeds as the Board of Trade directs for the Purpose aforesaid, or transfer the same to the Board of Trade, or retain the same in their present Condition or Investment for such Period as the Board of Trade directs, and shall, until such Payment and Transfer as aforesaid, hold all such Monies, Stock, Securities, and Property upon Trust for giving Effect to the Provisions of this Act, and shall apply the same in such Manner as the Board of Trade directs for the Purpose aforesaid.

16. If the President and Governors or any such Board of Trustees as aforesaid of the Fund have in their Possession or

Power

.1851* . Merchant Stameri* Fund* Cap. 102.

-Power as Trustees of the Fund any Monies or other Property, either real or personal, held upon Trusts for special or local Purposes, distinct from the general Purposes of the Fund at the Port, they shall, so long as they continue to act as Administrators of the Fund, apply such Monies and Property upon the Trusts and for the Purposes upon and for which the same ought according to Law to be applied, and if they cease, to act as Administrators of the Fund shall, upon being required so to do by the Board of Tirade, pay and transfer such last-mentioned Monies and Property to such new Trustees as the Board of Trade appoints far the Purpose; and whenever any subsequent Appointment of new Trustees of such Monied and Property is. rendered necessary by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, the Board of Trade shall make the same, and such Monies and Property shall be paid over and transferred to the new Trustees so appointed from Time to Time as Occasion requires; and all such new Trustees as aforesaid shall hold and administer all Monies and Property so paid and transferred upon the Trusts and for the Purposes last aforesaid.

17. If in any Case a Question arises whether any Monies and Property in the Possession or Power of the said President and Governors or Trustees are, under the Provisions herein contained, applicable to the general Purposes of the Fund or to such special or looal Purposes as aforesaid, and any Arrangement for settling such Question is agreed to by such President or Governors or Trustees (as the Case may be), and is approved of by the Board of Trade as a fair and proper Arrangement, such Monies or Property shall be applied in pursuance of such Arrangement, and such Application snail not be deemed to be a Breach of Trust.

18. Immediately after the passing of this Act, or as soon as possible afterwards, the President and Governors and the several existing Boards of Trustees shall render to the Board of Trade such Account as it requires of all the Monies, Stocks, Securities, and Property, whether real or personal, in their respective Possession or Power as Trustees or Managers of the Fund, and shall distinguish such as are held for special or local Purposes from such as are applicable for the general Purposes of the Fund, and shall specify the Nature of such Trusts, and shall, if required, deliver to the said Commissioners all Documents relating to any of such Monies, Stock, Securities, and Property; and, notwithstanding anything herein contained, the said President and Governors and Boards of Trustees shall, until the Completion of the Transfers, Payments, Accounts, Returns, and Deliveries which are directed by this Act, or which the Board of Trade is hereby authorized to require, continue to have such Powers as may be necessary in order to effect the same.

19. Every Payment and Transfer duly made as aforesaid shall be effectual in the Law, and shall relieve the Parties making the same from all Liability in respect of any subsequent Application of the Monies and Property so paid or transferred; but nothing herein contained shall operate to release any Person or Corporate

3 14

m

retained or transferred to new Trustees, as the Case may require.

Provision for facilitating

Arrangements.

President and Governors and Trustees to give Accounts;

and deliver Documents;

and are to exist for the Purpose of Conveyance.

Payments, &c. to be valid, but npt to operate as Release from Breach of Trust.

m

Source* and ' Collection of Fund.

No compulsory Contributions in future.

No one who has not contributed to be allowed to contribute.

Those who hare contributed to be allowed to continue.

Time of Commencement of new System of Contributions.

Hate and Mode of voluntary Contribution for Men discharged before a Sliipping Master, according to 13 & 14 Vict. c. 93. s. 96.

Bate and Mode of voluntary Contribution for Men not discharged before a Shipping Master.

Cap. 102.

Merchant Stamen's Fund. 14 & 15 VICT.

Body from any Liability arising from any Breach of Trust previously committed by such Person or Body.

20. After the passing of this Act no Master or Seaman shall be compelled to pay any Duty or Contribution to the Fund; but any Duties which have become due to the Fund, and have been deducted from Wages before the passing of this Act, shall be paid to the Board of Trade, or in such Manner as it directs; and any Master or Owner who neglects or refuses to make such Payment shall, in addition to such Payment, be liable to a Penalty of twice the Amount which he so neglects or refuses to pay.

21. No Master or Seaman who has not contributed to the Fund before the passing of this Act shall be allowed to contribute thereto, or to establish any Claim for a Pension or other Relief for himself or for his Wife or Children.

22. All Masters and Seamen who before the passing of this Act have contributed to the Fund shall be allowed to continue to contribute thereto in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall in respect of their Contributions be entitled to Relief in the Manner and subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned.

23. The Board of Trade shall fix the Time at which the Contributions to be made after the passing of this Act are to commence, and shall give not less than One Month's Notice thereof by advertizing the same in the London Gazette; but such Time shall not be later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

24. In the Case of Masters who discharge their Crews before a Shipping Master under the Provisions of the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and of Seamen who are so discharged, such voluntary Contributions shall be as follows; (that is to say,) every Master shall pay Two Shillings and every Seaman One Shilling for each Calendar Month of Service, and the same respective Sums for any further Number of Days of Service exceeding Twenty, and One Half of such respective Sums for any further Number of DayB of Service exceeding Ten and not exceeding Twenty, and One Third of such respective Sums for any further Number of Days not exceeding Ten (such further Numbers of Days to be reckoned as One Month, One Half Month, and One Third of a Month respectively); and such Service shall in the Case of Masters and Seamen respectively be reckoned from the Day of their respectively signing the Agreement to the Day of their Discharge inclusive; and such voluntary Contributions shall be paid to such Shipping Master as aforesaid at the Time of the Discharge.

25. In the Case of Masters and Seamen who do not attend before a Shipping Master for the Purpose of Discharge, such voluntary Contributions as aforesaid shall be paid after the Rate and in the Manner following; that is to say, Sixteen Shillings shall be deemed to be the yearly Contribution for a Master and Eight Shillings the yearly Contribution for a Seaman, and so in proportion for any shorter Period, and such Sums shall be deemed to be payable quarterly in advance; and each Master and

Seaman

1C

1851.

Merchant Seamen9* Fund. Cap. 102.

Seaman who wishes to contribute shall from Time to Time attend before some Shipping Master at stated Periods to be appointed for the Purpose by the Board of Trade, and shall then pay to him socb Proportion of his yearly Contribution as he may think fit, so nevertheless that each such Payment made at One Time be either Two Shillings or some Multiple of Two Shillings.

26. In the Case of Seamen who enter the Royal Navy and who desire to continue their Contributions to the Fund, such Contributions shall be according to the Rate herein-before fixed for the Case of Seamen who are not discharged before a Shipping Master, and shall be paid in such Manner as the Board of Trade directs.

27. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time pay towards the Fund, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, euch Sums as may be necessary, in addition to the other Sources of the Fund, to satisfy the Expenditure hereby authorized; and the Board of Trade, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, may from Time to Time regulate the Proportions in which the Deficiency of annual Income is to be made good out of the Capital of the Fund and out of the said Consolidated Fund respectively.

28. Provided that the Sum to be contributed from the Consolidated Fund towards defraying the Expenditure hereby authorized in any One Year shall never be less than One Half of the Expenditure for such Year.

29. Whenever any Seaman or Apprentice belonging to any British Ship proceeding upon a Voyage which is finally to terminate in the United Kingdom dies during such Voyage, the Master shall take charge of his Money or other imperishable or unsaleable Effects on board, and shall as soon as convenient cause his Clothes and other perishable or saleable Effects on board to be sold on board by Auction at the Mast or other public Auction* and shall at the Time make an Entry of such Sale in the Official Log Book, stating therein the Date, the Articles sold, and the Sum received for each, and shall cause such Entry to be attested by a Mate or one of the Crew, and shall, in the Case of a Foreign-going Ship, upon attending before a Shipping Master for the Discharge of his Crew, and in the Case of a Home-trade Ship, upon his first subsequent Attendance before or Transmission of half-yearly Returns to a Shipping Master under the Provision in the Twenty-seventh Section of the Act of the Eighth Year of Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twelve, and in the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, in that Behalf contained, deliver any Effects which he has taken charge of and pay any Money which he has either taken charge of or received from such Sale as aforesaid, and also the Balance of Wages due to the Seaman or Apprentice at his Death, to such Shipping Master, and shall give to the Board of Trade or to such Shipping Master such Account as they require of such Effects, Money, and Wages,


30. If

973

Source* and

Collection of Fund.

Provision for the Case of Men entering the Navy.

Commissioners of the Treasury to make up any Deficiencies out of the Pnblio Monies.

The Sum contributed by the Treasury to best least One Half.

V.

Wages and Effect* of deceased Seamen.

Masters to take charge of or sell Effects of Seamen dying on board, and to remit them to the Board of Trade.

IS ft 14 Vict. c. 93. ss. 51.90.

8?4

Wtt§6*A 'y Bffiecti of dtetamd Stamm.

Penalties for not taking charge

selling, remit* ting, or accounting for such Monies and Effects.

Cap. -102.

Merohant Stamen Fund. 14 & 15 Vict.

Provision for Payment of such Wages and Effects until due Notice can be given of the foregoing Provisions, and until the new Receivers undertake their Duties.

Schedules C. and D. to 7 &

8 Vict. c. 112. to be made to contain the Particulars necessary to show

30. If any Master fails to take such Charge of the Money or other Effects of a Seaman or Apprentice dying on board, or to make such Sale thereof, or to make such Entries in respect of such Sale, or to procure such Attestation to such Entries, or to make such Payment or Delivery of any Money, Wages, or Effects of any Seaman or Apprentice dying on board, or to give such Account in respect thereof, as are herein-before respectively directed, he shall be accountable for the Money, Wages, and Effects of the Seaman or Apprentice to the Board of Trade, which may by itself or any Agent recover the same; and suck Master shall also for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding double the Value of the Money or Effects not accounted for, or, if such Value is not ascertained, not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

31. Provided that in the Case of Voyages commenced before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty* one no Master who complies with the Provisions relating to the Effects and Wages of Seamen dying on board or abroad contained in the said repealed Thirtieth Section of the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two, and in the said repealed Thirty-firat Section of the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twelve, and who pays and delivers the Monies and Effects which are by him payable or deliverable thereunder to any Person appointed to receive such Wages and Effects by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be liable to any Suit or Penalty by reason of his Noncompliance with any new Provisions herein-before contained relating to such Wages or Effects: Provided also, that until the Time at which the Shipping Masters appointed under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, first undertake the Duties of receiving Contributions to the Fund as herein-before provided, all Wages and Effects of deceased Seamen which under the said recited Acts or this Act may be payable to the said President and Governors, or any Board of Trustees, or to the Board of Trade, shall be paid and delivered to the Persons now acting as Receivers of the said Fund, or to such other Persons as the Board of Trade appoints for the Purpose: Provided also, that all Monies arising from the Wages or Effects of deceased Seamen which now are or may hereafter be in the Possession or Power of the said President and Governors, or of any Board of Trustees, or of the said Receivers, shall be applied in the Manner in which the same have hitherto been applicable under the Provisions with respect to such Wages and Effects hereby repealed, and shall for that Purpose be paid over to such Persons or in such Manner as the Board of Trade may direct.

32. After the Time at which the Shipping Masters appointed under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, first undertake the Duty of receiving Contributions to the Fund, the Lists or Schedules marked respectively C. and D., which by the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria

Chapter

Goo i

1851. Merchant Seamen9* Fund. Gapw 1QSL 87&

Chapter 112, and by the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, Masters the Ani^nt^f or Owners are required to deliver as therein mentioned, shall g^,

contain, in addition to the Particulars required by the Acts men-aforesaid or either of them, the following Particulars; (that is to say,)

1. The Time, Place, and Cause of Death of any of the Cre^-

who may have died:

2. The Wages due to any of the Crew who may have died at

the Time of Death: 1

3. The Clothes or other Effects belonging to any of the Crew

who may have died, with a Statement of the Manner in which they have been dealt with, and the Money for which any of them have been sold:

And the Board of Trade may, notwithstanding any Provision 13 & 14 Vict. to the contrary in the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, contained, c- 93* M.20, 21. isBue new Forms of the said Lists or Schedules, containing such additional Particulars and otherwise altered as may be found expedient, onvgiving One Month's Notice thereof by circulating the same amongst the Local Marine Boards.

33. If any such Seaman or Apprentice as aforesaid dies Consuls, &c. abroad leaving any Money or Effects not on board his Ship to m'lt Kffect* the Chief Officer of the Customs at the Place if in Her Majesty's dyingTtoroad Dominions, and Her Majesty's Consul or Vice Consul at or on shore, nearest the Place if not in Her Majesty's Dominions, shall claim

and take charge of all such Money and Effects, and shall, if he thinks fit, sell such Effects, and shall remit the Balance, after deducting Expenses, with a full Account of such Money and Effects, to the Board of Trade, or as it directs.

34. Whenever any Seaman or Apprentice dies in the United Wages and Kingdom, and is at the Time of his I)eath entitled to claim from Effects of Sea-the Master or Owner of any Ship in which he has served any

unpaid Wages or Effects not exceeding in Value Fifty Pounds, to the Board of such Master or Owner shall, if required by the Board of Trade Trade« so to do, pay and deliver or account for the same to the Ship-png Master at the Port where the Seaman or Apprentice was or was to have been discharged, or to the Board of Trade or some One of its authorized Agents.

35. If the Money and Effects of any deceased Seaman or if less than 50/. Apprentice paid, delivered, or remitted to the Board of Trade they may be or its Agents do not exceed in Value the Sum of Fifty Pounds, p^bate oT* they shall, after deducting Expenses, direct Payment and De- Administration livery thereof to any Claimants who can prove themselves to the to Person enti-Satisfaction of the said Board to be either his Widow or Children, tled them or entitled to his Effects under the Statutes for the Distribution

of the Effects of Intestates, or to be entitled to procure Probate

or take out Letters of Administration, although no Probate or

Letters of Administration have been taken out, and the same

shall be paid or delivered to such Claimants accordingly, and shall be applied by them in due Course of Administration; and if more, to

if such Money and Effects exceed in Value the Sum of Fifty p^"*1 RcPre-

t. / senUtives.

Pounds,

Wages and Effects of deceased Seamen.

If unclaimed for Seven Yean to go to Friendly Society or to Seamen's Hospital Society.

Punishment for Forgery and false Representations in order to obtain Wages, &c. of deceased Seamen.

Unclaimed Deposits of Seamen in Savings Banks may be paid to Seamen's Hospital Society.

VI.

Objects of Relief

Time of Commencement of new System of Pensions.

Until then Pensions may be granted as heretofore.

Cap. 102.

Merchant Seamen's Fund. 14 & 15 VICT.

Pounds, the same shall be paid aod delivered to the legal personal Representatives of such Seaman or Apprentice.

36. If no Claim for any such Money or Effects as aforesaid is made by any Person proving himself entitled to make the same, within Seven Years from the First Payment or Delivery thereof to the Board of Trade or to a Shipping Master or other Agent of the said Board, such Money and the Sums received from the Sale of such Effects shall, subject to Deduction for Expenses, be appropriated as follows; that is to say, if the Seaman or Apprentice to whom the same belonged was at his Death a Member of a Friendly Society duly enrolled and certified according to the Acts for the Time being in force relating to such Societies they shall be paid to such Society, and if he was not at his Death a Member of any such Society they shall be paid to the " Seamen's Hospital Society," and if at any subsequent Time a valid Claim thereto is substantiated, the Society to which they have been paid shall satisfy the same.

37. Every Person who, for the Purpose of obtaining either for himself or for another any Money or Effects of any deceased Seaman or Apprentice, fraudulently forges or alters, or procures to be forged or altered, any Document purporting to show or assist in showing a Right to such Wages or Effects, and every Person who for the Purpose aforesaid makes use of any such forged or altered Document as aforesaid, or who for the Purpose aforesaid gives or makes or procures to be given or made, or assists in giving or making or procuring to be given or made, any false Evidence or Representation, knowing the same to be false, shall be punishable with Transportation for Seven Years, or may be summarily prosecuted before Two or more Justice^ or in Scotland before Two or more Justices or the Sheriff and punished upon Conviction by Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour.

38. If any Deposit mode by any Seaman or Apprentice in any Savings Bank appropriated to Seamen remains unclaimed for a Period of Seven Years, the Managers of Such Savings Bank may pay the same and all Interest thereon to the " Seamen's Hospital Society," and such Society shall thereupon give a Receipt therefor, which shall discharge such Managers and all other Persons connected with such Savings Banks from all Liability in respect thereof; and if at any subsequent Time any valid Claim to such Deposit is substantiated, such Society shall satisfy the same out of any Monies then in their Hands arising from similar Sources.

39. The Board of Trade shall fix a Time at which Grants of Pensions to be made in pursuance of this Act are to commeuce, and shall give not less than One Month's Notice thereof by advertising the same in the London Gazette; but such Time shall not be later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

40. Until such Time as last aforesaid the said President and Governors and Boards of Trustees may continue to grant Pensions

877

Merchant Scafnen'* Fund, Cap. lO?.

eions or other Relief in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, but the Board of Trade shall have Power to disallow' any — H *

Pensions or other Relief so granted; and unless the Board of Aggregate Trade otherwise directs, the aggregate Pensions granted at any ^p^not Port during the Year ending with such Time as last aforesaid to exceed shall not exceed in annual Amount or in total Value the aggre- of preceding gate Pensions granted at such Port in the preceding Twelve Years. Months, and any Grants of Pensions made after such Amount or Value has been reached shall be void.

41. Subject to the Provision lastly herein-before contained. Present Pcn-

every Person, of whatever Age or Sex, to whom any Pension is *

duly granted before such Time as last aforesaid, shall continue to receive such Pension.

42. After the Time last aforesaid no Pensions shall be No Seamen to granted, except to Masters and Seamen, or to the Widows and uXsftehey°con-Children of Masters and Seamen, who have contributed to the tribute for Fund for an aggregate Period of Sixty Months, such Contribu- Years, tions to have been made either altogether before the passing of

this Act in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or partly before that Time in such Manner as last aforesaid, and partly after the Time to be fixed for the Commencement of future Contributions in the Manner herein-before provided in that Behalf.

43. Any Seaman who after the Time to be fixed for the Failure to con-

Commencement of future Contributions, and before the Termi- to

nation of his last Service at Sea, ceases altogether for a continuous be an Abandon-Period of Three Years to pay his Contribution to the Fund, shall ment of Right forfeit all Claim to any Relief for himself, his Widow and lo llellcf* Children.

44. Subject as herein-before provided, such Pensions and Persons who Allowances as herein-after mentioned may be granted to any JJSJd en" Master or Seaman who is rendered incapable of Service by Sick- Pensions, ness, Wounds, or other accidental Misfortunes, or who becomes decrepit or worn out by Age; and also to the Widow and Children of any Master or Seaman w ho is killed or drowned in the Merchant Service; and also to the Widow* and Children of any

Master or Seaman who has contributed for Twenty-one Years to the Fund, or w'ho is at the Time of his Death receiving or entitled to receive a Pension; provided, in the Case of such last-mentioned Widow, that she was married to such Master or Seaman before he became entitled to Relief, and, in the Case of such last-mentioned Children, that they are under the Age of Fourteen Years, or are from Infirmity incapable of getting a Livelihood.

45. The Board of Trade shall take such Steps as it may think Pension* to be necessary for the Purpose of collecting from the various Rates of

Pension granted at the several Ports in the United Kingdom toarertge during the Five Years preceding the First Day of January One Rate of present thousand eight hundred and fifty-one One average Rate of Pen#lons* Pension for Masters, Seamen, Widows, and Children respectively, and shall frame and issue One uniform Scale of Pensions to be.

80

Ohjecte bf

Relief.

Masters Pensions to be twice the Rate of Seamen's.

Board of Trade may commute Pensions, and give Gratuities to Widows.

Aggregate Pensions in each Port not to exceed Average of last Five Years.

Longest Contributors to be first provided for.

Pensions to be inalienable.

Board of Trade may regulate the Right to Relief, subject as above mentioned.

Payment to Seamen's Hospital Society for Seven Years.

4 & 5 W. 4.

c. 5'A s. 32.

S&4 W. 4.C. 9.

Cap. 102. Merchant Seamen's Fund. 14 & 15 VICT.

bo far as possible, in accordance with such average Rate, and to be uniform for all Ports in the United Kingdom; and all Grants of Pensions made after the Time to be fixed as aforesaid for commencing Grants of Pensions to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be in conformity with such Scale as the Board of Trade shall issue for that Purpose.

4fi. The Rate of Pensions for Masters, and for the Widows and Children of Masters, shall be twice the Amount of Pensions for Seamen, and for the Widows and Children of Seamen respectively.

47. Provided, That in any Case or Class of Cases in which it appears to the Board of Trade desirable so to do, such Board may commute any Pension upon such Terms as it thinks fit, and may also, as regards Relief to Widows and Children, substitute Gratuities for annual Pensions, such Gratuities to bear a fair Proportion to the annual Pension which would otherwise have been granted.

48. The aggregate Number of Pensions or Gratuities to be granted at any Port to Masters, Seamen, Widows, and Children respectively in any One Year shall not exceed the average yearly Number of Pensions granted at such Port to the same Classes of Pensioners respectively during the Five Years preceding the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, except in any Case in which the Board of Trade otherwise directs; and in granting Pensions Care shall be taken that of Seamen who are worn out or decrepit by Age those who have been longest in the Service, and have contributed most to the Fund, shall be first provided for.

49. All Acts done by any Master or Seaman for the Purpose of charging or alienating the whole or any Part of his Pension shall be absolutely null and void.

50. Subject to the Provisions herein-before contained, the Board of Trade may determine and regulate the Principles and Conditions upon which and the Manner in which Pensions or other Relief are to be granted under this Act; and the said President and Governors, and all Boards of Trustees, or other Local Administrators of the Fund, shall exercise any Powers of granting Pensions or other Relief which may be vested in them in accordance with any Regulations issued for that Purpose by the Board of Trade in pursuance of this Act.

51. For the Period of Seven Years from the last Day before the passing of this Act on which any quarterly Payment has been made to the " Seamen's Hospital Society," in pursuance of the Thirty-second Section of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two, the Board of Trade may, out of the Revenues of the Fund, pay to the said Society an annual Sum, not exceeding in any One Year Five hundred and fifty Pounds, to be applied by the said Society according to the Directions contained in the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Nine.

Merchant Seamen's Fund. Cap. 102; 879

52. In London and in the Outporta under the Management VII. of the said President and Governors, such President and Gover- Mode <y nors, unless suspended as herein-before mentioned, and their &*" . Officers, shall undertake the Duty of ascertaining the Persons President and who, under the Provisions herein-before contained, or any Regu- Governors and* lations made in pursuance thereof, are entitled to Relief, and in ^ndedUtoC*9 Outports having Boards of Trustees, such Trustees and their distribute Officers, unless suspended as aforesaid, shall undertake such Relief.

Duty; and in case of any such Suspension as aforesaid the Local

Marine Board of the Port, if appointed to act in administering the Fund under the Powers herein-before contained, or such Persons as the Board of Trade may appoint for that Purpose, shall undertake such Duty; and if in any Case it appears to the Board of Trade that any Pension or other Relief is granted or refused in a Manner inconsistent with the Provisions of this Ant, or with any Regulations issued by virtue of Powers herein contained, the Board of Trade may disallow such Grant or Refusal, and either withhold, grant, or alter the Relief, as the Case may require.

53. The Board of Trade may make Regulations as to the Board of Trade Times and Places at which and the Manner in which Applications ^eas^*gu' for Pensions or other Relief are to be made, and as to the Evi- Applications dence to be required, and may also, subject to the express for Pensions. Provisions herein contained, make Regulations as to the Time,

Place, and Manner of distributing the same.

54. All Certificates, Receipts, or other Documents used by or Certificates to under the Directions of the Board of Trade in carrying the be exempt from Provisions of this Act into execution shall be exempt from a^from^Ls Stamp Duty, and any Certificates or other Documents which to Consuls, may be required from any Consul or Vice-Consul for the Purpose of proving Claims to Pensions or other Relief under this Act shall be given by him without Fee.

55. Every Person who, for the Purpose of obtaining, either Punishment for for himself or for another, any Pension, Payment, or Relief from forgery and the Fund, fraudulently forges or alters, or procures to be forged ersonation* or altered, or assists in forging or altering, any Certificate, or

other Document purporting to show or assist in showing a Right to such Pension, Payment, or Relief, and every Person who for the Purpose aforesaid fraudulently makes use of any forged or altered Certificate or other such Document as aforesaid, or any Certificate or other such Document as aforesaid not belonging to him, or who for the Purpose aforesaid gives or makes or procures or be given or made, or assists in giving or procuring to be given or made, any false Evidence to Representation, knowing the same to be false, shall bef punishable with Transportation for Seven Years, or may be summarily prosecuted before Two or more Justices, or in Scotland before Two or more Justices or the Sheriff, and punished upon Conviction by Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard v Labour *

56. The Merchant Seamen's Fund.

VIII.

Account* and Return*. Board of Trade may account with Bank. Accountant for the Purposes of this Act.

All Persons engaged in administering the Funds to make Returns to the Board of Trade.

General Return to be made, and laid before Parliament.

IX.

Legal Proceeding*. Orders, he. published in

Cap. 102.

14 & 15 Vict.

56. The Board of Trade may open such Account with the Bank of England for the Purposes of this Act as it may find expedient.

57. The Person appointed for the Time being to act a3 Accountant to the Board of Trade in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be the Person who is to render the Accounts of that Board under this Act to the Commissioners of Audit, or other Persons undertaking the Audit thereof.

58. The President and Governors and all Boards of Trustees or other Persons engaged in the Administration of the Fund shall keep their Accounts in such Manner as the Board of Trade directs, and shall also from Time to Time give to the Board of Trade such Returns and Accounts, and Explanations in respect of all Matters relating to the Fund, whether past, present, or future, as it may require.

59. On or before the First Day of March in every Year after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two the Board of Trade shall cause to be made out a Report for the past Year, in such Form as they may think fit, containing the following Particulars:

1. The total Amount of Receipts and Disbursements for the

Year under their several Heads:

2. The total Amount of Money in hand at the End of the

preceding Year, including the Balance at the Bank of England, and any Sums which may be outstanding in the Hands of Receivers:

3. The total Amount of the Capital belonging to the Fund,

with the several Investments thereof, distinguishing such Capital as is still outstanding, and such Debts and Investments as are considered bad or doubtful:

4. The Number of Pensioners, distinguishing between Men,

Women, and Children, and between different Scales of Pension, and the total Amount of Pensions in each Class:

5. The Number and Amount of the whole of the Pensions,

and of each Class of Pensions, granted in the Year:

6. The Number and Amount of the whole of the Pensions, and of each Class of Pensions, expired in the Year:

7. The Amount of Salaries and Expenses of Management:

8. A Statement of the Money and Securities applicable to private Trusts, with a general Account of the Nature of the Trust and of the Income and Expenditure in respect thereof:

And such other Particulars as the Board of Trade may deem expedient:

And such Report shall be laid before each House of Parliament in the Month of March in every Year, if Parliament is then sitting, or if not within One Month after the next meeting thereof.

60. All Notices published in the London Gazette, and purporting to be Notices or Copies of any Orders or Regulations

881

Merchant Seamen's Fund. Cap. 102, 103.

issued by the Board of Trade in pursuance of this Act, shall be taken as Evidence of such Orders or Regulations, without further Proof.

61. All Penalties and other Sums of Money hereby made recoverable may be recovered in the .same Manner as Penalties and Sums of Money recoverable under the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, and shall be paid to the Board of Trade, for the Purposes of the Fund; and all Rules of Law, Practice, and Evidence which are by the said Mercantile Marine Act, 1850, made applicable to legal Proceedings thereunder, shall be applicable to Proceedings under this Act.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

[8th August 1851.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published, and deposited, according to the Provisions of that Act, certain

Provisional Orders mentioned in the Schedule to this Act ' annexed; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be ' confirmed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That the Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health referred to in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, so far as they are authorized by the Public Health Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Alfreton in the County of Derby, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

III. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of March in the Isle of Ely, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

IV. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Three Persons to be elected for the Township of Startforth, and to form Part of the Local Board of Health for the District of Barnard Castle, for the Purposes of the said Public Act, shall take place on the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

V. And whereas the Town Council of the Borough of

Halifax are now acting in execution of an Act passed in the s Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, inti-

CN<k *"1 3K,

Gazette to be Evidence.

Procedure to be same as under Mercantile Marine Act.

Certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health confirmed.

First Election of Local Board for Alfreton.

First Election of Local Board for March.

First Election of additional Members of Local Board for Barnard Castle.

Halifax Waterworks to be appraised, valued, and paid for.

882

Act incorporated with Public Health Act.

Short Title of this Act.

Cap. 103, 104. General Board of Health, (No. 3.) 14 & 15 VICT.

tuled An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and f improving the Township of Halifax, and for supplying the same 6 with Water: And whereas under the said Act the said Council ' are now Owners of certain Springs and Waterworks belonging to the said Township, and have incurred a certain Debt ' in respect of the said Waterworks; and it is expedient that the Benefit of the said Waterworks and Springs shall be extended to the whole of the Borough of Halifax to which the Public Health Act is applied by the Provisional Order referred

to in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and that such Springs ' and Waterworks should become the Property of the Local ' Board constituted by that Order and the Act of Parliament

confirming the same Be it enacted, That forthwith after the passing of this Act the said Springs and Waterworks shall be appraised and valued by a competent Person to be nominated by the said Council and to be approved by the General Board of Health; and that it shall be lawful for the said Council to borrow on Mortgage of the Water Rates under the said Public Health Act, with the Consent of the said General Board, the Sum at which such Waterworks and Springs shall be so appraised, and valued, and out of such Monies first to pay off and discharge any Debt now due and owing by such Council in respect of such Waterworks and any Interest due thereon, and to apply the Residue of such Monies in improving the said Township under so much of the said Local Act as remains unrepealed by the said Provisional Order.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this Act and the Public Health Act were One Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1851 (No. 3.)"

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Tynemouth. Halifax.

Barnard Castle. Ware.

March. Alfreton.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

[8th August 1851%]

WHEREAS it would tend to the Improvement of Epis-c copal and Capitular Estates in England, without Prejudice to the Interests of Persons holding Leases granted thereof, if Facilities were given for such Dealings as herein- after mentioned between Ecclesiastical Corporations and their

Lessees: '

Lv-

883

1851. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. Cap. 104.

Lessees Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Corporation, sole Power of Ee-or aggregate, with the Approval in Writing of the Church cleei*tical Cor-Estates Commissioners, who shall pay due Regard to the just ^flth

and reasonable Claims of the present Holders of Lands under Church Estate Lease or otherwise arising from the long continued Practice of Commissioners, Renewal, to sell to any Lessee under any Lease granted by such Corporation the Reversion, Estate, and Interest of such Corpo- change Church ration in all or any of the Lands comprised in such Lease, for or such Consideration, upon such Terms, and in such Manner as in^i^sts of* such Corporation and Lessee may, with such Approval as afore- their Lessees, said, think fit; and it shall be lawful for any such Ecclesiastical Corporation, with such Approval as aforesaid, to enfranchise any Copyhold or Customary Land held of any Manor belonging to such Corporation, or to exchange with any Lessee under any Lease granted by such Corporation all or ainr of the Lands therein comprised, or the Reversion, Estate, and Interest therein of such Corporation, for any other Lands, whether of Freehold,

Copyhold, or Customary Tenure, or for the Estate and Interest of such Lessee in any other Lands belonging to such Corporation, and upon any such Exchange either to receive or pay any Money by way of Equality of Exchange; and it shall also be lawful for any such Corporation, with such Approval as aforesaid, to purchase the Estate and Interest of any such Lessee in any Lands belonging to such Corporation, or of any Holder of Copyhold or Customary Land of any such Manor: Provided that where the Estate or Interest of any Ecclesiastical Corporation in any Tithes or Tithe Rentcharges, or any Hereditaments allotted or assigned in lieu of Tithes, is proposed to be sold or

fiven in exchange by such Ecclesiastical Corporation under the Wers of this Act, the Church Estates Commissioners, before they approve such Sale or Exchange, shall bring the Wants and Circumstances of the Places in which such Tithes arise or have arisen under the Notice of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and, where the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall so direct, the Church Estates Commissioners shall, as a Condition of their Approval of such Sale or Exchange, require such Augmentation or Provision to be made in respect of the Spiritual Wants of such Place out of the Monies to arise or the Property to be taken under such Sale or Exchange as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall think fit.

II. Upon the Surrender to any Ecclesiastical Corporation of Pnmnion for the Estate or Interest of any Lessee in a Part only of the Lands o^R^t on'surt comprised in any Lease, it shall be lawful for the Church Estates render of Part; Commissioners, by a Memorandum in Writing under the Hands of Lands com-of such Commissioners, which may be endorsed on such Lease, any

to apportion the Rent reserved thereby, and declare what Part

The Interests acquired by Lessees to be subject to the Equities and bound by the Covenants of Renewals to which their Leases may be subject.

Leaseholders Interest not to be purchased without Con. sent of Sublessees who hare Covenants of Renewals.

Confirmation of Conveyances by Church Estates Commissioners sufficient.

Cap. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management

thereof shall continue payable thereunder, and thereupon such apportioned Part of the Rent shall be payable as if the same had been the Rent originally reserved in respect of the Lauds not surrendered; and where the Rent originally reserved was an ancient and accustomed Rent, the Part so continuing payable shall be deemed and taken to be the ancient and accustomed Rent for the Lands not surrendered; and the Reservations, Covenants, and Agreements contained in such Lease, and the Powers and Authorities of any such Ecclesiastical Corporation, so far as the same shall be applicable to the Lands not surrendered, shall remain in full Force as if such Surrender had not been made.

III. The Interest in Lands acquired by any Lessee under this Act shall be deemed in Equity to be acquired in respect of his Interest under his Lease, and shall be subject to the same Trusts, Charges, and Incumbrances as his Lease or any Lease obtained on a Renewal thereof would have been subject to, so far as the different Natures of the Property will admit; and all Covenants and Agreements which would have entitled any Sub-lessees or others to derivative Interests upon Renewals of such Lease upon Contribution to the Fines and other Payments upon Renewal or otherwise, shall give the like Rights, so far as the Nature of the Property will admit, to proportionate Shares and Benefits out of and in respect of any Interest in Lands which may be acquired under this Act by the Lessee, who may be subject to such Covenants or Agreements upon a proportionate Contribution to or in respect of the Costs, Payments, or Consideration paid or given for the Interest so acquired by such Lessee.

IV. That if any Lands held under Lease from an Ecclesiastical Corporation shall have been sub-let with a Covenant on the Part of the original Lessee to renew the Under-lease upon any Renewal of the original Lease, the Interest of the Lessee in such Lands shall not be taken by way of Purchase under this Act by any Ecclesiastical Corporation without the Consent in Writing of such Sub-lessee: Provided always, that such Ecclesiastical Corporation shall not be prevented from making such Purchase, nor shall their Title to any such Lands be affected in respect of the Existence of any such Underlease, unless the said Corporation shall have had direct Notice thereof in Writing; but the Sub-lessee shall, in Cases where a Sale shall have been made without such Notice, be entitled to recover such Damages for the Loss of the Benefit of such Covenant against the Party bound by the Covenant for the Loss to be sustained by him as he would be entitled to in respect of its Nonperformance on a Renewal by the original Lessee.

V. Any Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance of Lands to be made to or by any Ecclesiastical Corporation, upon any Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, or Purchase under this Act, shall be made in such Form and Manner as the Church Estates Commissioners shall from .Time to Time direct, a*4,

8hJI

88 5

1851. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. Cap. 104.

shall be confirmed by the Church Estates Commissioners, and, being so confirmed, shall be valid and effectual, and shall not require any other Confirmation (as respects the Execution of the same by any such Ecclesiastical Corporation); and no Purchaser or other Person deriving Title under any such Assurance so confirmed as aforesaid upon any Sale, Enfranchisement, or Exchange by an Ecclesiastical Corporation shall be concerned to inquire into the Propriety of such Sale, Enfranchisement, or Exchange, or the Sufficiency of the Consideration for the same.

VI. All Monies which, on any Sale, Exchange, or Enfranchisement under this Act, shall be received by or become payable to or for the Benefit of any Ecclesiastical Corporation, shall be paid into the Bank of England to such Account as the Church Estates Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint in that Behalf; or such Monies, with the Approbation of the Church Estates Commissioners, shall remain at Interest as a Charge by way of Mortgage upon the Premises enfranchised, at such a Rate, for such a Period, and upon such Terms as the Parties, with such Approbation as aforesaid, may agree upon; and the Receipt of the Church Estates Commissioners shall be an effectual Discharge for any Money therein expressed to be received; and all Monies so paid into the Bank of England shall be from Time to Time applied in Payment for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid, or in such Purchases as herein-before authorized, or shall be laid out by such Corporation, with sch Approval as aforesaid, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use or for the Benefit of such Corporation; and' the Monies from Time to Time remaining unapplied for the-Purposes aforesaid shall be invested by and in the Names of the Church Estates Commissioners in the Purchase of Government Stocks, Funds, or Securities, and such Church Estates Commissioners may sell and dispose of the same for the Purposes^ of this Act as Occasion may require; and the Interest, Divi — dends, and annual Proceeds of such Monies, Stocks, Funds, anct Securities shall be paid to the Corporation which would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and* Profits of the Lands sold, enfranchised, or exchanged, subject to the Provisions herein contained.

VII. All other Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for the Time being subject to be invested in the Purchase of Lands to be conveyed to the Use or for the Benefit of any Ecclesiastical Corporation may, with such Approval as herein mentioned, be applied in or towards the Purchase of the Estates or Interests of Lessees in any Lands belonging to such Corporation, or of the Estates or Interests of any Holders of Copyhold or Customary Land of any Manor belonging to any such Corporation, or in or towards Payments for Equality of Exchange under this Act

VIII. If it appear to the Church Estates Commissioners that by means of any Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Purchase, or Investment under the Powers of this Act, the Income which

3 E 3 gUany

Monies to arise from Sale, Exchange, or Enfranchisement to be laid out as herein-before authorised, or in the Purchase of other Lands.

Monies applicable to Purchase of Lands for an Ecclesiastical Corporation may be applied in purchasing the Interests of Lessees, &c.

Provision in case of Increase or Deficiency of Income in coiv>

886 Cap. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management

sequence of any Person, being an Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, or Mem-Sales, &c. ber of an Ecclesiastical Corporation Aggregate, might have received if this Act had not been passed has been or may be hir creased, it shall be lawful for the Church Estates Commissioners to require, in respect of such Increase, Payment to be made, either immediately or upon any Contingency, to the Church Estates Commissioners, by or on account of the Person receiving such Increase during his Incumbency, of such annual or other Sum as the Church Estates Commissioners may, under the Circumstances of each Case, think proper, and to enforce such Payment by an Action of Debt to be brought in the Name of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and the Church Estates Commissioners may, on giving their Approval under this Act to any Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Purchase, or Investment, make such Payment a Condition of such Approval, but not so as to affect the Title under such Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, or Purchase, and may, for securing such Payment, require any Security, by way of Charge or otherwise, as to them may seem proper, and the Payments to be so made shall be dealt with by such Church Estates Commissioners as Part of the Common Fund of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and where it appears to the Church Estates Commissioners that by means of any such Sale, Enfranchisement, Exchange, Purchase, or Investment the Income which any such Person might have received has been diminished, such Commissioners shall, out of any Monies received by them under this Act on behalf of such Corporation, or the Investments thereof, pay to such Person from Time to Time such annual or other Sum as to such Commissioners may appear sufficient to make up the Deficiency caused by such Diminution.

IX. No Lease of any Lands purchased or acquired or in which the Estate or Interest of a Lessee, or of a Holder of Copyhold or Customary Laud, is purchased or acquired, by any Ecclesiastical Corporation under this Act, shall, except as made*CtmaybC herein-after provided, be granted by such Ecclesiastical Corporation, otherwise than from Year to Year, or for a Term of Years in possession not exceeding Fourteen Years, at the best annual Rent that can be reasonably gotten, without Fine, the Lessee not to be made dispunishable for Waste or exempted from Liability in .respect of Waste: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Corporation, with the Approval of the Church Estates Commissioners, from Time to Time to grant Mining or Building Leases of any such Lands, for such Considerations, upon such Terms, and generally in such Manner as such Commissioners, under the Circumstances of each Case, may think fit; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to require that any Portion of the Rent received on any such Lease shall be invested and disposed of in like Manner as herein provided with respect to Monies to be received on the Sale of any Lands by any such Corporation.

x

How Leases of Lands required by any Ecclesiastical Corporation under

1851. 'Episcopal and Capita farEstates Management. Cap. 104. 887

X. The Church Estates Commissioners shall from Time to General Report Time give to any One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of

of State such Information respecting their Proceedings or any tate* Commis-!Part thereof as the said Principal Secretary of State shall aionerstobe require, and shall on or before the First Day of March in to every Year send to One of the Principal Secretaries of State stated7 a General Report of their Proceedings under this Act, together with a Schedule of all Applications for Enfranchisement or Purchase of Interests of Lessees, specifying the Terms proposed, the Terms on which such Enfranchisement or Purchase shall have been effected, and, if refused, the Grounds of such Refusal; and every Year such General Reports shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Receipt of the same by such Principal Secretary of State, if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within Six Weeks after the next Meeting thereof.

XI. In the Construction of this Act, unless such Meaning Interpretations be repugnant to the Context, the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them respectively; (that is to say,)

The Expression "Ecclesiastical Corporation" shall include " Ecclesiastical every Archbishop, Bishop, Dean and Chapter, Dean, Arch- CorPor»ti°n deacon, Canon, Prebendary, and other Dignitary or Officer of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church in England and Wales, and every minor Ecclesiastical Corporation in any such Cathedral or Collegiate Church, but shall not include the Dean and Canons of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, or any College or Hospital, or any Parson, Vicar, or Perpetual Curate, or other Incumbent of any Benefice:

The Word "Lease" shall include Grant by Copy of Court "Lease:

Roll:

The Word "Lands" shall include Tithes and Tithe Rent-charges, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, corporeal and incorporeal (except Advowsons):

The Word "Lessee" shall include any Person or Body Cor- "Lessee/ porate in whom any subsisting Lease or Grant, or the Term or Estate thereby granted in the whole or in any Part of the Lands comprised in such Lease, is, either by the original Grant or Demise, or by Assignment, Devise, or Operation of Law, for the Time being vested.

XII. That this Act be limited in Duration to Three Years Duration of

from the End of the present Session of Parliament, Act»

3 K 4

[(CAP,

888

Cap. 105.

Poor Relief Act Continuance. 14 & 15 VICT.

IS & 14 Vict. c. 101.

Certain Provisions of 13 & 14 Vict* c. 101. continued for a limited Time.

The new Board of Guardians to be constituted from and after the 15th April in each Year.

Penalties for Malpractices at the Election of Guardians.

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue an Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[8th August 1851.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of ' Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, certain (Provisions made by the several Acts therein mentioned, for

charging upon the Common Fund of the Union the Costs

of the Relief and the Expenses of the Burial of certain poor ' Persons therein described, and the Costs of removing and maintaining certain Lunatic Paupers, were continued until the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and were made to apply to certain f Incorporated Hundreds therein mentioned; and it is expedient

that all the several Provisions aforesaid should be continued ' for a limited Time, and that certain Amendments should be (made in the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All the said several temporary Provisions in the said Acts above referred to shall continue in full Force until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. The Guardians elected for the several Parishes in any Union formed or to be formed under the Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, or for the several Wards in any Parish divided into Wards, shall continue to act as such until the Fifteenth Day of April inclusive in each Year, notwithstanding their Successors may have been elected previously to that Day; and from and alter the said Fifteenth Day of April every Guardian newly elected for any such Parish or Ward shall act as such Guardian for the ensuing Year.

III. If any Person, pending or after the Election of any Guardian or Guardians, shall wilfully, fraudulently, and with Intent to affect the Result of such Election, commit any of the Acts following; that is to say, fabricate in whole or in part, alter, deface, destroy, abstract, or purloin any Nomination or Voting Paper used therein; or personate any Person entitled to vote at such Election; or falsely assume to act in the Name or on the Behalf of any Person so entitled to vote; or interrupt the

Distribution

1651. Poor Relief Act Continuance* Cap. 105. 889

Distribution or Collection of the Voting Papers; or distribute or collect the same under a false Pretence of being lawfully authorized to do so; every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable, upon Conviction thereof before any Two - Justices, to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months, with or without Hard Labour.

IV. ' Whereas Doubts have been entertained with regard to Guardian* em-

the legal Authority of Guardians to subscribe towards the powered to *ub-

Funds of any Hospital or Infirmary Be it enacted, That the Guardians of any Union or Parish may^ with the Consent of mary, with the the Poor Law Board, pay out of the Common Fund of such Consent of the Union, or, in the TCase of a Parish, out of the Funds in the ^[d^jaw Hands of such Guardians, any Sum of Money as an annual Subscription towards the Support and Maintenance of any public

Hospital or Infirmary for the Reception of sick, diseased, disabled, or wounded Persons, or of Persons suffering from any permanent or natural Infirmity.

V. The Guardians may, where they think fit, pay to or reim- Power to Guar-burse any of their Officers the Expense necessarily incurred in dianstoreim-repairing or restoring Property belonging to such Officer which to the* may have been unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously damaged, Property of injured, or destroyed by any Person applying or having applied their Officers in for Relief, and such Costs and Expenses incurred in the Prose- certain Ca'es* cution of the Offender as may not be allowed by the Court

before which the Prosecution or Trial shall take place.

VI. Where in any Union or Parish there shall be a Workhouse Certain poor or Building having adequate Provision for the Reception, Children of a Maintenance, and Education of poor Children, and there shall whth C^n-be more Accommodation therein at any Time than the Guar- sent of Poor dians of such Union or Parish shall require for the poor Children Law Boarj b« of their own Union or Parish, such Guardians may, with the house?&c. be Consent of the Poor Law Board, contract with the Guardians longing to *n-of any other Union or Parish, any Part of which is not more ^he.r Union or than Twenty Miles from such Workhouse or other Building, soMiies^where for the Reception, Maintenance, and Instruction therein of any there is ade-poor Children under the Age of Sixteen Years chargeable to 9uate Accom-such other Union or Parish, or to any Parish in such other modation* Union, being Orphans or deserted by their Parents, or whose

Parents or surviving Parent shall consent; and such last-mentioned Children while at such Workhouse or other Building shall be maintained and instructed in the same Manner in all respects as the Children of the Union or Parish to which such Workhouse or other Building shall belong, and shall be subject to the Control and Management of the Guardians of such Union or.Parish, or their Officers, in like Manner as if such Children were chargeable to such Union or Parish: Provided always. Proviso, that the abiding of any such Child in any such Workhouse or Building shall in all other respects be attended with the same legal Consequences as if such Workhouse or Building had been

Cap. 105.

Poor Relief Act Continuance, 14 & 15 Titft.

Form of Security.

Payments . under suspended Orders of Removal.

What Justices shall have Jurisdiction to hear and determine Complaints as to Nonpayment of Money to the Treasurer -of the Union.

Notice of Appeal, &c. may be sent by Post.

Explanation of the Terms " Officer " and 4t Justices" in 9 & 10 Vict. c. 66. s. 6., and Provision for the Application of the Penalty.

situated within the Union or Parish from which Such Child shall have been sent.

VII. Every Security for Money borrowed under the Authority of any Order of the Poor Law Commissioners or the Poor Law Board may be made according to the Form set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit *

VIII. Where the Execution of any Order of Justices for the Removal of a Pauper shall have been or shall be suspended, the Overseers of the Parish to , which the Removal is thereby ordered to be made may from Time to Time during the Continuance of the Suspension, if they think fit, pay to the Overseers of the Parish obtaining such Order the Costs and Expenses incurred in the Maintenance and Relief of the poor Person mentioned in such Order, either directly or through the Guardians of the Union comprising either or both of such Parishes, and shall have Credit for every such Payment in the Charges allowed by any Order of Justices subsequently made.

IX. Where the Overseer or any other Officer of any Parish, or any Officer of a Union, shall neglect to pay in due Course of Law Money lawfully payable by him as such Overseer or Officer to the Treasurer of such Union or Parish residing or having his Place of Business in a County, District, or Place different from that in which such Overseer or Officer shall reside at the Time of any such Default, and by reason of such Neglect such Overseer or Officer shall be liable to be summoned before a Justice or Justices, any Justice or Justices of either County, District, or Place shall have Jurisdiction to hear and determine the Complaint.

X. It shall be lawful and sufficient to send any Notice of Appeal against an Order of Removal, or Statement of Grounds of Appeal against such Order, by Post or otherwise, in like Manner as a Copy of an Order of Removal and Statement of Grounds of Removal may now be sent by Law.

XI. And whereas by the Statute of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, Section Six, any Officer of a

Parish or Union wrongfully causing or procuring any poor Person to be removed or conveyed or to depart from a Parish under the Circumstances therein described is rendered punishable upon Conviction before Two Justices: And whereas it is expedient to remove Doubts which have arisen thereon* Be it enacted, That the Term "Officer" shall include any Overseer, and that the Term "Justices" shall apply to the Justices of the County or other Jurisdiction in which the Parish may be situated from or to which such poor Person shall be removed; and that the Penalty imposed by the Act shall be paid to the Overseers of the Parish to which the poor Person shall become chargeable in consequence of such unlawful Removal, Conveyance, or Departure, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rate of such last-mentioned Parish.

Poor Relief Act Continuance.

Cap. 105.

XII. The Guardians of any Two Unions or Parishes, or the Guardians of a Union and the Guardians of a Parish, or the Guardians of a Union or Parish and the Overseers of any Parish, or the Overseers of any Two Parishes, between >vl>om any Question, affecting the Settlement, Removal, or Chargeability of any poor Person shall arise, may, if they think fit so to do, by Agreement in Writing, executed in respect of any Guardians by sealing with their Common Seal, and in respect of Overseers by the Signatures of a Majority of them, submit such Question to the Poor Law Board for their Decision; and the said Board may, if they see fit, entertain such Question, and by an Order under their Seal determine the same; and every such Order shall be in all Courts and for all Purposes final and conclusive, between the Parties submitting such Question, as to the Question therein determined.

XIII. And whereas by the Statute of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, Section Seven, it is enacted, that the Delivery of any Pauper under any Warrant of Removal directed to the Overseers of any Parish at the Workhouse of such Parish, or of any Union to which such Parish belongs, to any Officer of such Workhouse, shall be deemed a Delivery of such Pauper to the Overseers of such Parish:' Be it enacted, That the Delivery of a written Statement of the Charges for the Maintenance of any Pauper delivered under any Order or Warrant of Removal directed to the Overseers of any Parish, at the Workhouse of such Parish, or of any Union to which such Parish belongs, to any Officer of such Workhouse, at the Time of the Delivery of such Pauper, shall be deemed a Delivery of such Statement to the Overseers of such Parish, and shall be deemed a sufficient Demand thereof in any Proceedings for the Recovery of such Charges.

XIV. The Poor Law Board may, if they see fit, upon the Application or with the Consent of the Acting Members of the Board of Management, at any Time, by an Order under their Seal, dissolve any Combination of Unions or Parishes, or Unions and Parishes, formed under the Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, into Districts for the Purpose of providing and managing Asylums for the temporary Relief and setting to work therein of destitute houseless Poor, and, prior to issuing any such Order of Dissolution, may empower, by their Order, the Board of Management of such District to pay and apply any Funds in their Possession in discharge of any Liabilities then outstanding against such Board, and to sell and dispose of any Land, Buildings, or other Property belonging to them, and to apply the Produce of the same to the like Purpose; and any Surplus that may remain after satisfying all Liabilities shall be returned to the several Unions and Parishes in proportion to their original Contributions.

XV. The Conveyance of such Property by the Acting Members of the said Board of Management of any such District, when approved and sealed by the Poor Law Board, shall be

891

Power to refer, by mutual Consent, Questions of Settlement, Removal, or Chargeability to Poor Law Board.

As to Delivery of Statement of Charges for Maintenance of Paupers.

Poor Law Board empowered to dissolve any Asylum District.

Provision for its Property.

How Conveyance may be executed.

The Limit of the Expense to be incurred in School Districts within the Metropolitan Police District extended from One Fifth to One Third.

Provision for Disposal of School District Property.

Assaults upon Poor Law Officers in the Execution of their Duty.

Construction of Terms.

Cap. 105.

Poor Relief Act Continuance. 14 & 15 VICT.

deemed valid, notwithstanding any Defect which may exist in the Number required to constitute such Board of Management.

XVI. And whereas Provision is made in the said lastmentioned Act for the Combination of Unions and Parishes into School Districts, and Authority is given to the District Board, subject to the Order of the Poor Law Board, to borrow or raise such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Purpose of purchasing any Site, or purchasing, hiring, or building, and of fitting up and furnishing, a Building or Buildings for such School; and it is further provided that the Principal Sum or Sums to be raised for the Purpose of providing such Building or Buildings, and charged on any Union or Parish not included in a Union, shall in no Case exceed One 4 Fifth of the average annual Amount of the aggregate Expenditure relating to the Relief of the Poor within any Union, or of the like Expenditure within any such Parish, for Three Years ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March next preceding the raising of the Money: And whereas by the Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one. Section Three, with reference to School Districts situated within the Metropolitan Police District, the Cost of the Site of any such School may be borrowed over and above the Amount so limited as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient with respect to such last-mentioned School Districts that the Limit of Expenditure fixed by the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty should be enforced Be it therefore enacted, That in respect of any School District situated within the said Metropolitan Police District such Limit shall be enlarged from One Fifth to One Third.

XVII. The Board of Management of any School District may in like Manner, and subject to the like Order, Rules, and Regulations of the Poor Law Board, as in the Case of the Guardians of a Union, exchange, demise, sell, or otherwise dispose of any Land belonging to the said District, and apply the Kents or Produce of any such Exchange, Sale, or Disposition for the Benefit of the said District in such Manner as the said Poor Law Board shall direct.

XVIII. The Provision in the Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one. Section Nine, relative to Assaults upon certain Poor Law Officers in the Execution of their Duties, or upon Persons acting in their Aid, shall extend to an Assault upon any Person included under the Word Officer " in the said Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, or upon any other Person acting in his Aid.

XIX. The several Words used in this Act shall be construed in the Manner prescribed by the Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and the Statutes explaining and extending it; and all the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act and of the said Statutes not repealed shall

893

1851. Poor Relief Act Continuance. Cap. 105.

extend to this Act, except where any Provision would be inconsistent with anything herein contained.

XX. This Act shall extend only to England and Wales. Exteiat of the

SCHEDULE.

Form of Security to be given for Loan obtained under the Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, or any Act incorporated therewith.

This Deed, made the Day of in the

Year One thousand eight hundred, witnesseth, That in

consideration of the Sum of lent and advanced to the

Guardians of the Poor of the Union in the County of or to the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of

in the county of , or to the Board of Management of the District School, or to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of in the county of,

under the Provisions of the Act [here state the Act authorizing the Loan], and in pursuance of and upon the Authority of the Order of the Poor Law Board bearing Date the Day

of, by [here set out the Name and Description of the

Public Board, Commissioners, or Company, or the Person lending the Money], the Receipt of which Sum is testified by the Memorandum at the Foot hereof by our Treasurer, or (in the Case of the Overseers) by us, we, the said Guardians, or we, the said Board of Management, or we, the said Overseers, do hereby charge the future Poor Rates to be raised in the several Parishes comprised in the said Union, namely [here set out the Names of the Parishes comprised in the Union], or in the several Unions and Parishes comprised in the said District, namely [here set out the Unions and Parishes combined in the District], or in the' said Parish, with the Repayment to the said of the said Sum of by [here insert the Number of yearly

Instalments by which the Loan is to be repaid, not exceeding the Number limited by the Statute or Statutes under which it is advanced, but including those to which the Time of Repayment has been extended under any Statute in that Behalf] Instalments, on the Days in the Years following; that is to say, the Sum of on the Day of in the Year

18, the Sum of on the Day of

in the Year 18, the Sum of on the

Day of in the Year 18, together with

Interest at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per

Annum, by yearly Payments on the Days aforesaid,

or by half-yearly Payments on the Day of

and on the Day of in every

Year, upon the Principal for the Time being unpaid, according to the Terms of this Security: Provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said from receiving

the Repayment of the whole or any Part of the aforesaid Sum

ftt

894

Cap. 105, 106. Poor Relief Act Continuance. 14 & 15 VICT.

at any Time before the Day of Payment of the last Instalment, if willing to do so.

In testimony whereof we, the Guardians aforesaid, or we, the said Board of Management, have hereunto affixed our Common Seal, or we, the said Overseers, have hereunto set our Hands and Seals.

(l.s.) (l.S.) (l.S.)

Received this Day of the above-

mentioned Sum of from the said

A.B., Treasurer of the Union, or

Parish, or District Board.

C.D. and E.F.> Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish.

Registered by the Poor Law Board this Day of 18 .

Seal of the Poor Law Board

CAP. CVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Existence of Bribery in the Borough of St. Alban.

[8th August 1851.]

WHEREAS there is Reason to believe that the Practice of Bribery at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Alban's hath long prevailed in

the said Borough, and that Bribery to a great Extent hath been ' systematically committed there at the last Election of a Member of Parliament: And whereas an Election Committee was (appointed to consider the Merits of a Petition presented to (the House of Commons, wherein the System of Bribery so believed to be practised was (amongst other things) alleged and ' set forth: And whereas by reason of the Contrivance of certain Parties more or less implicated in the same certain Persons who had been summoned or intended to be summoned as Witnesses in support of such Allegations of Bribery were induced (to abscond and withdraw themselves from Obedience to such ' Summons, by reason whereof the full and effectual Inquiry into ' the Allegations of the Petition aforesaid was prevented, and (the Purposes for which such Committee was appointed were ' obstructed and defeated; And whereas it would tend to ensure a full Discovery of the said Bribery if an Inquiry should be 6 made on the Spot by Commissioners to be specially appointed

for that Purpose, and fully authorized to inquire into the

Allegations aforesaid, and into the Existence and Extent of

Bribery in the said Borough, and the Mode in which the same 6 hath been practised and carried on Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

895

St. Alban's Bribery Commission.

Cap. 106.

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

I. That Frederick William Slade, William Forsyth^ and Thomas Phinn shall be Commissioners of Inquiry for the Purposes of this Act; and in case of the Death or Resignation of any One or Two of the said Commissioners, or in the event of any One or Two of them becoming incapacitated or incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Commissioners or Commissioner to act in the Execution of this Act, as if they or he had been solely appointed to be Commissioners or a sole Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Provisions of this Act concerning the said Commissioners shall be taken to apply to such surviving or continuing Commissioners or Commissioner.

II. That every Commissioner appointed in pursuance of this Act shall, before beginning to act in the Execution of the Commission, take the following Oath before the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, or the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the c Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled [jhere insert the Title of this Act]j, according to the best of my ' Knowledge and Judgment. JSo help me GOD, '

III. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint, and at their Pleasure to dismiss, a Secretary, and so many Clerks, Messengers, and Officers as shall be thought necessary by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for the Purpose of conducting the Inquiry directed by this Act, and to pay to the said Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers such Salaries and Allowances as shall be thought reasonable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IV. That tbo said Commissioners, upon their Appointment, or within a reasonable Time afterwards, shall go to the Borough of St. Alban's, and shall from Time to Time hold Meetings for the Purposes of the said Inquiry at some convenient Place within the said Borough or within Ten Miles thereof, and shall have Power to adjourn the same from Time to Time and from any One Place to any other Place within the said Borough, or within Ten Miles thereof, as to them shall seem expedient; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall give Notice of their Appointment, and of the Time and Place of holding their First Meeting, by publishing the same in some Newspaper in general Circulation in the said Borough or the Neighbourhood thereof: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not adjourn the said Inquiry for any Period exceeding One Week without the Consent and Approbation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

V. That the said Commissioners shall, by all such lawful Means as to them shall appear best, with a view to the Discovery of the Truth, and for such a Period retrospectively as they shall think

Commissioners

appointed.

Commissioners to be sworn.

Secretary and Clerks to be appointed.

Place of Meeting.

Inquiry by the Commissioners.

Cap. 106. St. Alban's Bribery Commission. 14 & 15 VICT *

Reports to be laid before Parliament.

Power to send for Persons and Papers.

think proper, inquire into the Manner in which Elections of Members or a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and in particular the last Election of a Member, have or has been conducted, and whether any Bribery has been committed at such Elections or any of them, and if so, whether such Bribery was by way of the Gift or the Promise of the Gift of any Sum of Money or other valuable Consideration to any Voter or Voters, or to any other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, for the Promise or the giving of his or their Vote or Votes, or for his or their refraining or promising to refrain from giving his or their Vote or Votes, at any such Election, or for his or their procuring or undertaking to procure the Votes of other Electors at any such Election, or whether by the Payment of any Sum of Money or other valuable Consideration whatsoever to any Voter, or to any other Person on his Behalf, before, during, or after the Termination of such Election, by way of Head Money, or in compliance with any Usage or Custom in the said Borough, or how otherwise, or whether any Sum of Money or other valuable Consideration whatsoever has been paid to any Voter, or to any other Person on his Behalf, after the Termination of any such Election, as a Reward for giving or for having refrained from giving his Vote at such Elections or any of them; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time report to Her Majesty the Evidence which shall be taken by them, and what they shall find concerning the Premises, and especially the said Commissioners shall report with respect to each Election the Names of all Persons whom they shall find to have been guilty of Bribery at such Election, and as well those who shall have given Bribes for the Purchase'or for the Purpose of purchasing the Votes of others as those who shall have themselves received Money or any other valuable Consideration for having given or having refrained from giving, or for the Purpose of inducing them to give or to refrain from giving, their Votes at such Election, and also the Names of all Persons whom they shall find to have given to others or to have received themselves Payments by way of Head Money, or as a Reward for giving or refraining to give their Votes at such Election, and all other Things whereby in the Opinion of the said Commissioners the Truth may be better known touching the Premises.

VI. That every Report which the said Commissioners shall make to Her Majesty in pursuance of this Act shall be laid before Parliament within One Calendar Month next after such Report shall be made, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if not then within One Calendar Month next after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

VII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, by a Summons under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hand and Seal of any One of them, to require the Attendance before them at a Time to be mentioned in the Summons of any Person or Persons whomso-

897

St. Alban's Bribery Commission. Cap. 106.

ever whose Evidence shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be material to the Subject Matter of the Inquiry directed by this Act, and to require all Persons to bring before them such Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings as to the said Commissioners shall appear necessary for arrivingat the Truth of the Things directed to be inquired into by them under the Provisions of this Act; all which Persons shall attend the said Commissioners, and shall answer all such Questions, and shall produce all such Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings as shall be required of them, and which shall be in their Custody or under their Control, according to the Tenor of the Summons: Provided always, that no Statement made by any Person in answer to any Question put by the said Commissioners shall, except in case of Indictments for Perjury committed in such Answers, be admissible in Evidence in any Proceeding, civil or criminal

VIII. And whereas it may appear to the said Commissioners desirable to examine as Witnesses several Persons touching the Things directed to be inquired into by this Act, the Evidence of which Persons may tend to expose them to

penal Consequences: Be it therefore enacted, That for the more effectually prosecuting the Inquiry directed by this Act every Person who has been engaged in any Act of Bribery at or connected with any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Saint Alban's, and who shall be examined as a Witness and give Evidence before the said Commissioners touching such Bribery, and who shall upon such Examination make a true Discovery to the best of his or her Knowledge touching all Things to which he or she shall be so examined, shall be freed from all penal Actions, Forfeitures, Punishments, Disabilities, and Incapacities, and all Criminal Prosecutions, to which he or she may have been or may become liable or subject at the Suit of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or any other Person, for anything done by such Person or Persons in respect of such Bribery; and no Person shall be excused from answering any Question put to him by the said Commissioners on the ground of any Privilege, nor on the ground that the Answer to such Question will tend to criminate such Person.

IX. That where any Witness shall be so examined as aforesaid such Witness shall not be indemnified under this Act unless he or she shall receive from the said Commissioners a Certificate in Writing under their Hands, stating that such Witness has, upon his or her Examination, made a true Disclosure touching all Things to which he or she has been so examined; and if any Action, Information, or Indictment shall at any Time be pending in any Court for Bribery at the last Election for the Borough of St. AlbarCs, against any Person or Persons who shall have been so examined, as a Witness or Witnesses in manner above mentioned, such Court shall, on the Production and Proof of such Certificate or Certificates, stay the

Persons implicated in Bribery, who may be examined, and shall make a faithful Discovery, indemnified.

Witnesses examined not to be indemnified unless they shall bare a Certificate from the Commissioners.

898

Cap. 106. St. Alban's Bribery Commission. 14 & 15 VICT.

Commissioners to examine on Oath.

Penalty for

Nonattendance or refusing to give Evidence-

Penalty for false swearing.

Expenses of the Inquiry.

Proceedings in any such Action, Indictment, or Information, and may, in its Discretion, award to any such Person or Persons such Costs as he, she, or they may have been put to by such Action, Information, or Indictment.

X. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or One of them to administer an Oath, or, in the Case of Persons allowed by Law to make Affirmation instead of taking an Oath, an Affirmation, to all Persons who shall be examined before them touching the Things directed to be inquired into by them under the Provisions of this Act.

XI. That if any Person upon whom any such Summons shall be served by the Delivery thereof to him or her, or by the leaving thereof at his or her usual Place of Abode, shall, without reasonable Cause (to be allowed by the said Commissioners of Inquiry), fail to appear before them at the Time and Place mentioned in the Summons, or shall refuse to be sworn or make Affirmation (as the Case may be), or shall not make answer to such Questions as shall be put to him or her touching the Matters directed to be inquired into by the said Commissioners, or shall refuse or fail, without reasonable Cause (to be allowed by the said Commissioners), to produce and show to the said Commissioners any such Papers, Books, Deeds, or Writings, being in his or her Possession or under his or her Control, as to the said Commissioners shall appear necessary for arriving at the Truth of the Things directed to be inquired into by them as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the greater Number of them, shall have the same Powers in all respects touching any such Person so failing to appear, or refusing to be sworn or to make Affirmation, or not answering such Questions as shall be put to him or her, or refusing to produce any such Books, Papers, Deeds, or Writings as aforesaid, as any of the Superior Courts in Westminster Hall, or any Judge of the said Courts sitting under any Commission of Assize or Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, may now by Law exercise against any Person for making Default of Appearance, or for refusing to be sworn or give Evidence on any Issue joined in any Action depending in any of the said Courts.

XII. That every Person who upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall wilfully give false Evidence shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties of Penury.

XIII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being to make an Order for the Payment of the necessary Expenses of the Inquiry directed by this Act; and that every Commissioner to be appointed under this Act shall be paid, at the Conclusion of the said Inquiry, over and above his travelling and other Expenses, such Sum as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall think fit; and the said Commissioners, after the Termination of their last Sitting, and after they shall have made their Report to Her Majesty as herein-before directed, shall lay or

1851.

St. Alban's Bribery Commission. Cap. 106. 899

---

cause to be laid before the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being a Statement of the Number of Days they shall have been actually employed in the Inquiry under this Act, together with an Account of the travelling and other Expenses of each of such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall make an Order for the Payment to each Commissioner of the Sum which the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall so think fit to be paid to him, and in respect of his travelling and other Expenses.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XIV. That no Action shall be brought against the said Commissioners or either of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for anything done in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months mext after the doing of such Thing.

[INDEX removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1851.

