A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

Fifth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the FOURTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George E. Eyre and Andrew Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

A

TABLE

of

All the STATUTES passed in the FIRST Session of the FOURTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

5° VICTORIA.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to authorize Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to grant Building Leases of the Royal Kitchen Garden at Kensington, and to form and improve other Royal Gardens; and to enable the said Commissioners to purchase Lands of Copyhold or Customary Tenure. Page 1

II. An Act for annexing the Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds at Frogmore, Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, to Windsor Castle. 4

III. An Act to alter an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, and an Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, to alter the Provisions of the said Act. 5

IV. An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England. 6

V. An Act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice. 6

VI. An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the Time being to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions. 25

VII. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two such Laws as may expire within a limited Period. 20

VIII. An Act for funding Exchequer Bills, and for making Provision for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one. 27

IX. An Act to provide for Payment of the Persons employed in taking Account of the Population in England. 33

X. An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two. 34

XI. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 35

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEENS PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to vest the Entailed Estate of Ardnamurchan and Sunart, in the County of Argyle, in Trustees, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Payment of the Debts affecting the said Estate, and of certain Sums expended by Sir James Milles Riddell in improving the same, and for the Erection of a Mansion House and Offices thereon.

2. An Act for enabling the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough to charge, for the Repairs of Blenheim Palace, certain Hereditaments devised by the Will of the Most Noble George Third Duke of Marlborough, deceased, as a collateral Security with a Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds and Interest, and as a primary Security with a further Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds and Interest.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

3. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable John Savile Lumley Savile Earl of Scarbrough from certain Disabilities and Penalties in consequence of his having sat and voted in the House of Peers without being duly qualified by taking and subscribing the Oaths and Declaration prescribed by Law.

4. An Act to enable George Alan Clayton to take and bear the Name and Arms of Lowndes.

Anno Regni VICTORIAE, Britanniarum Reginae, Quinto.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Nineteenth Day of August, Anno Domini 1841, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Defender of the Faith: Being the First Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to authorize Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to grant Building Leases of the Royal Kitchen Garden at Kensington, and to form and improve other Royal Gardens; and to enable the said Commissioners to purchase Lands of Copyhold or Customary Tenure.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS the several Royal Kitchen Gardens for the Supply of Her Majesty, at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle, consist of the Gardens at Kensington, Hampton Court, and Kew, and the Maestricht, Cranbourne, Frogmore, and Cumberland Gardens at Windsor, and the same Gardens are detached, inconvenient, and of expensive Management, and do not afford sufficient Produce for the Use of Her Majesty and Her Royal Household: And whereas the Piece or Parcel of Ground used as Kitchen Gardens and for other Purposes at Kensington Palace, which is described in the Schedule to this Act (containing about Twenty-eight Acres), is well adapted for Building Purposes, and might be advantageously let on Building Leases, in the same Manner as other Lands, Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, are usually let: And whereas it is expedient that a new Kitchen Garden should be attached to Windsor Castle, adequate for the Supply of Her Majesty and Her Royal Household, and that such other of the Royal Kitchen Gardens as are inconvenient should no longer be maintained; and it hath been estimated that the Value of the said Ground and Premises mentioned in the said Schedule, when let on Building Leases, would be sufficient to form a Fund for acquiring and forming such new Kitchen Garden, and for the Improvement of other Royal Kitchen Gardens: Now therefore may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Ground, Buildings, &c. comprised in]

That the said Piece of Ground, Buildings, and Premises comprised in the said Schedule to

2 5° VICTORIAE, c. 1.

[the Schedule to form Part of the Possessions of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, &c. freed from the Restrictions of 10 G. 4. c. 50.]

this Act shall henceforth form Part and Parcel of the Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of the Crown, and be under the Management and Control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, in such and the like Manner in all respects as the other Lands forming Part of the Possessions and Land Revenue of the Crown, and freed from the Restriction by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Croton in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney, contained or imposed, as to leasing all or any Part of any of the Royal Forests, Parks, or Chases in England; and that all Statutes, Laws, Provisions, and Regulations, Powers of Leasing, Sale, Exchange, and other Powers, now in force or hereafter to be in force relating or with respect to the Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown (not being Royal Palaces or Parks), shall be taken to extend and apply to the said Piece of Ground, Buildings, and Premises described in the said Schedule.

[A Survey and Estimate to be made of the Value of the Ground, Buildings, &c.]

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall cause a Survey and Estimate of the Value of the said Piece of Ground, Buildings, and Premises to be taken and made by such able and practical Surveyor or Surveyors as shall be named for that Purpose by or under the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify, by a Report in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, what in his or their Judgment is the true Worth or Value of the said Piece of Ground, Buildings, and Premises; and every Person who shall be employed to make any Survey or Estimate as aforesaid shall annex to his Survey and Estimate a Declaration according to Law, to be made and subscribed by him before One of the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate.

[Commissioners of Woods and Forests empowered to form a new Kitchen Garden at Windsor out of the Monies arising from the Land Revenue of the Crown.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings may (by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being), by and out of the Monies arising from the Land Revenue of the Crown which shall from Time to Time be at their Disposal, lay out any Sum or Sums of Money (not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Valuation so to be made as aforesaid) in acquiring, and in the forming, improving, laying out, planting, and enclosing, such a Piece or Pieces of Land and Hereditaments at or near Windsor as shall be deemed convenient for and as a Royal Kitchen Garden, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and in erecting, making, and completing all requisite Houses, Buildings, Walls, Sewers, and Drains and other Works, in and about and for the Purposes of such Royal Kitchen Garden; and such Land and Hereditaments, when acquired, shall be vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and shall for ever thereafter be appropriated to the Use, Occupation, and Possession of the Sovereign, and be held with and be an Appendage to and form Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the Castle and Honour of Windsor, and be conducted, cultivated, and maintained and kept in repair in such and the like Manner, and be subject to such and the like Regulations, as the other Royal Gardens annexed to or forming Parcel of Royal Palaces now are conducted, cultivated, maintained, kept in repair, and subject to.

[Application of Surplus of Amount of Valuation (if any) arising from letting the Ground, &c. at Kensington after providing for a new Kitchen Garden at Windsor.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case, after acquiring, making, and completing the said Royal Kitchen Garden and the Buildings and Works aforesaid, and after letting the Ground and Premises at Kensington aforesaid on Building Leases, it shall be ascertained that the Value of the said Ground and Premises exceeds the Outlay herein-before provided for, then and in such Case the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall (with the Consent of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being,) lay out and apply the Surplus of the Amount of such Valuation which may not be expended in and

5° VICTORIAE, c. 1. 3

about the said new Royal Kitchen Garden as aforesaid, or a sufficient Part thereof, in and about the Improvement and Enlargement of other Royal Gardens, and, subject as aforesaid, any Surplus of the Amount of the said Valuation shall be applied towards the Improvement of any of the Royal Parks or Royal Gardens as may, by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, be deemed expedient, and as Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, may be pleased to direct.

[Commissioners empowered to purchase, lease, or exchange on behalf of Her Majesty.]

V. And whereas it is expedient that the Powers now by Law vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, to purchase, sell, lease, or exchange, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, any Manors or Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Hereditaments the Freehold of which shall be in the Crown, should be extended so as to empower the said Commissioners to purchase, sell, lease, or exchange, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, from Time to Time, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for exercising the Office of Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to contract for and purchase, for and on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure which shall adjoin to, be intermixed with, or be convenient and desirable to be held with any Freehold Hereditaments which are now vested or at any Time hereafter may be or become vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown.

[Land so purchased to be vested in Trustees on behalf of Her Majesty.]

VI. And be it enacted, That on every Purchase made by the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, the said Commissioners shall cause such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be surrendered to or well and effectually vested in a Trustee or Trustees for and on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, who shall thereupon execute a Declaration of Trust in necessary and proper Fgrm, which Declaration of Trust, together with an authenticated Copy of the Surrender and Admittance, shall in every Case, with all convenient Speed thereafter, be enrolled in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and a Minute or Docquet thereof entered in the Office of the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

[Extending Provisions of 10 G. 4. c. 50. to Purchases under this Act.]

VII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations in the before-mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth expressed or contained, in relation to the purchasing, selling, leasing, or exchanging any Part of the Possessions and Land Revenue of the Crown, shall extend and apply to the purchasing, selling, leasing, or exchanging, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, together with the several Erections and Buildings thereon, containing about Twenty-eight Acres, a small Portion of which is extra-parochial, and the remaining Portion thereof is situate in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Paddington, Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, and Saint Margaret Westminster, or in some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex; which said Piece or Parcel of Ground extends on the North Side thereof from a Point near the extreme North-west Angle of Kensington Gardens, and nearly opposite to the West Side of Orme Square, Bayswater, Westward along the Uxbridge Road to or near Linden Place, Eight hundred and eighty Feet, or thereabouts; then runs Southward along the West Wall of the Royal Kitchen Garden Two thousand two hundred and twenty-two Feet, or thereabouts; then extends towards the West, along the North Wall of the Melon Ground, Three hundred Feet, or thereabouts; then runs again towards the South Forty-two Feet, or thereabouts; then extends again towards the West Thirty-eight Feet, or thereabouts; then runs again towards the South, along the East Side of Church

4 5° VICTORIAE, c.1, 2.

Street, Kensington, Two hundred and twelve Feet, or thereabouts; then extends towards the East, along the South Wall of the Melon Ground, Three hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts; and then runs again towards the South One hundred and sixty Feet, or thereabouts; then runs Eastward at the South End thereof, along the Backs of Premises in High Street, Kensington, One hundred and ninety Feet, or thereabouts; then runs towards the North on the East Side thereof, across the Palace Green, One thousand one hundred and twenty Feet, or thereabouts; then extends towards the East, along the South Wall of the Forcing Ground, Two hundred and two Feet, or thereabouts; then runs again towards the North, along the East Wall of the same Forcing Ground, One hundred and sixteen Feet, or thereabouts; then extends again towards the East Sixty-six Feet or thereabouts; then runs again towards the North, aloung the Park Paling on the East Side of the Orchard, One thousand one hundred and Thirty Feet, or thereabouts; and then extends again towards the East, across a Paddock, to the West Wall of Kensington Gardens, Two hundred and ninety-four Feet, or thereabouts; and then runs again towards the North, up to the before-mentioned Point in the Uxbridge Road, nearly opposite the West Side of Orme Square, Two hundred and eight Feet, or thereabouts.

CAP. II.

An Act for annexing the Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds at Frogmore, Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, to Windsor Castle.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS by an Indenture of Lease, dated on or about the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and made or expressed to be made between His Majesty King George the Third of the one Part, and Her late Majesty Queen Charlotte, His said Majesty's Royal Consort, of the other Part, it was witnessed, that, for the Considerations therein mentioned, and by virtue of the Act of Parliament in the said Indenture of Lease mentioned, His said Majesty King George the Third did demise and grant unto Her said Majesty Queen Charlotte the Capital Messuage or Mansion House commonly called or known by the Name of Frogmore House, together with the Gardens and Grounds particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and also a certain Farm and other Hereditaments therein mentioned as situate in the County of Berks, and being Part of the Possessions of the Crown, to hold the same unto Her said Majesty Queen Charlotte, Her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Twentieth Day of that instant Month of January, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Her said Majesty Queen Charlotte, and Her Majesty's younger Daughters their Royal Highnesses Princess Augusta Sophia, the Princess Elizabeth, the Princess Mary, the Princess Sophia, and the Princess Amelia, or any of them, should so long live, at the yearly Rent of Eighty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings: And whereas the personal Representatives of Her Royal Highness the late Princess Augusta Sophia became entitled to the Hereditaments comprised in the said Lease for all the Residue of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years (determinable as aforesaid) thereby created, and such Leasehold Interest has been lately purchased of such Representatives by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, (with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury,) and such outstanding Leasehold Interest in the same Premises has been accordingly surrendered to Her Majesty: And whereas from the Proximity of the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds at Frogmore to the Castle of Windsor and to Windsor Great Park, it is proper that the same should not be let and disposed of as Part of the general Land Revenues of the Crown, but that the same should be held and enjoyed by Her Majesty and Her Successors with the Castle and Honour of Windsor, and that the same should become an Appendage to the said Castle: Now therefore may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Mansion called Frogmore House, as described in the Schedule, appropriated to the Use and Occupation of the Sovereign.]

That the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds described in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall henceforth be

5° VICTORIAE, c.2, 3. 5

appropriated to the Use, Occupation, and Possession of the Sovereign, and be held with and be an Appendage to and form Part and Parcel of the Possession of the Castle and Honour of Windsor, and be vested in Her Majesty and Her Successors, and be maintained and kept in the Use and repair in such and the like Manner, and be subject to such and the like Regulations as the Occupation of Palaces, Public Buildings, and Royal Parks, now under the Management and Charge of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, are maintained and kept in repair and subject to.

[Expences incurred from the Time of Purchase to be defrayed out of the Land Revenues of the Crown.]

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, by and out of the Monies arising from the Land Revenues of the Crown, and which shall be at their Disposal, to defray all the Expences which from the Time of the Purchase of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable as aforesaid, up to the passing of this Act, shall have been incurred for the Maintenance and Support of the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A Mansion House called Frogmore House, with the Offices, Yards, Flower Gardens, Lawns, Pleasure Grounds, Island, with ornamental Temples, Alcoves, covered Garden Seats, Gothic Rooms, Hermitage, and Grotto, and a double Dwelling House in the Flower Garden thereto belonging, containing Thirty-three Acres Two Roods and Seventeen Perches, situate and being in the Parish of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

CAP. III.

An Act to alter an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, and an Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, to alter the Provisions of the said Act.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

[11 G. 4. & 1 W. 4. c. 20.]

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy; and another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled

[4 & 5 W. 4. c. 25.]

An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy: And whereas it is deemed expedient to alter certain Provisions of the said Acts, so that Mates in the Royal Navy may be enabled to have the Privilege of drawing Bills for their net personal Pay for a shorter Period than Six Months; and it is also deemed expedient that Naval Instructors in the Royal Navy should be enabled to have the same Privilege: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Naval Instructors and Mates in the Royal Navy empowered to draw Bills of Exchange.]

That from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one it shall be lawful for every Naval Instructor and Mate in the Royal Navy, under such Regulations, Limitations, and Restrictions as have now or may at any Time or Times hereafter be established by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the Time being, to draw a Bill of Exchange, or a Set of Bills of the same Tenor and Date, upon the Accountant General of the Navy, for the net personal Pay which shall be due to him, at such Times and for such Periods as the said Commissioners shall at any Time, or from Time to Time, appoint in that Behalf.

[Act may be amended this Session.]

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be in the present Session of Parliament.

6 5° VICTORIAE, c. 4, 5.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, intituled

[2 & 3 W. 4. C.107.]

An Act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England: And whereas the said recited Act was amended by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled

[3 & 4 W. 4. C. 64.]

An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of William the Fourth, for regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England: And whereas the said recited Acts were afterwards, by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, continued for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Two first recited Acts will shortly expire, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Two first-recited Acts continued.]

That the said Two first-recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS the Business on the Plea Side of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster has of late Years greatly increased, and a Transfer to the Court of Chancery of the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity would relieve the Judges of the said Court of Exchequer, and would otherwise tend to promote the public Advantage; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity, &c. abolished, and transferred to the Court of Chancery.]

That on the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one all the Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster as a Court of Equity, and all the Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction which shall have been conferred on or committed to the said Court of Exchequer by or under the special Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, (other than such Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction as shall then be possessed by or be incident to the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Law, or as shall then be possessed by the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Revenue, and not heretofore exercised or exercisable by the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity,) shall be by force of this Act transferred and given to Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the same might have been exercised by the said Court of Exchequer if this Act had not passed; and the same Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction shall, so far as respects the Exercise thereof by the said Court of Exchequer, cease and determine: Provided always, that this Act shall not abridge, lessen, or in anywise affect the Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction of or incident to the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Law, or the Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the same Court as a Court of Revenue, not heretofore exercised or exercisable by the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity.

[Suits depending and Proceedings transferred to Court of Chancery, to be carried on according to the Practice of that Court.]

II. And be it enacted, That all Suits and Matters which on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall be depending in the said Court of

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 7

Exchequer as a Court of Equity, or under such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, (except as aforesaid,) shall be by force of this Act transferred, with all the Proceedings therein, to the said Court of Chancery, there to be carried on and prosecuted and dealt with and decided according to the Practice of that Court, in the same Manner in every respect as if such Suits and Matters had been originally commenced in the said Court of Chancery; and that all Decrees and Orders which shall have been made by the said Court of Exchequer in such Suits and Matters shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to be Decrees or Orders respectively of the said Court of Chancery;

[Exchequer Writs returnable in Chancery.]

and that all Writs which shall have been then issued in the same Suits and Matters, or any of them, returnable in the said Court of Exchequer, shall be by force of this Act returnable in the said Court of Chancery:

[Court of Chancery may direct transferred Suits to be carried on according to the Practice of either Court.]

Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Court of Chancery to be just and expedient that any Suit or Suits, Matter or Matters, so transferred to the said Court of Chancery, should be wholly or partially carried on according to or regulated by the present Practice of the Court of Exchequer, or that any Question or Questions arising in the same Suit or Suits, Matter or Matters, should be decided with reference to the present Practice of the said Court of Exchequer, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make such Order or Orders in relation thereto as to the said Court of Chancery shall seem meet.

[Lord Chancellor to make General Orders for the Taxation of Costs, &c. by reason of Transfer.]

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to make such General Orders (as well with respect to the Taxation and Allowance of Costs as in all other respects) as to him shall seem fit and proper to be made, by reason or in consequence of the Transfer hereby made to the said Court of Chancery of such Suits and Matters as aforesaid, or for carrying the same Transfer into complete Effect.

[Court of Chancery may summarily restrain the Bank of England, &c. from permitting Transfer of Stock, &c.]

IV. And be it enacted, That on and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon the Application of any Party interested, by Motion or Petition, in a summary Way, without Bill filed, to restrain the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other public Company, whether incorporated or not, from permitting the Transfer of any Stock in the public Funds, or any Stock or Shares in any public Company, which may be standing in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Conporate, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in the Books of any such public Company, or from paying any Dividend or Dividends due or to become due thereon; and every Order of the said Court of Chancery upon such Motion or Petition as aforesaid shall specify the Amount of the Stock or the particular Shares to be affected thereby, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, in which the same shall be standing: Provided always, that the said Court of Chancery shall have full Power, upon the Application of any Party interested, to discharge or vary such Order, and to award such Costs upon such Application, as to the said Court shall seem fit.

[Writ of Distringas to be issued from the Court of Chancery according to the Form in the First Schedule to this Act.]

V. And be it enacted, That in the Place and Stead of the Writ of Distringas, as the same has been heretofore issued from the said Court of Exchequer, a Writ of Distringas in the Form set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall, on and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, be issuable from the Court of Chancery, and shall be sealed at the Subpoena Office, and that the Force and Effect of such Writ, and the Practice under or relating to the same, shall be such as is now in force in the said Court of Exchequer: Provided nevertheless, that such Writ, and the Practice under or relating to the same, and the Fees and Allowances in respect thereof, shall be subject to such Orders and Regulations as may, under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act now in force, or under the general Authority of the Court of Chancery, be made with reference to the Proceedings and Practice of the said Court of Chancery.

[Certain Funds standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Exchequer transferred to the Queen's Remembrancer.]

VI. And be it enacted, That on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one the Sum of One thousand six hundred and fourteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, now standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, in Trust in a Cause depending in the same Court as a Court of Revenue, "The King v. Delamotte" and the Sum of Three hundred and thirteen Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence like Annuities, now standing in the Name of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, in

8 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

Trust in another Cause depending in the same Court as a Court of Revenue "The King v. Whitworth" or so much of the same Sums respectively as shall then be standing in the Name of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, shall become by force of this Act vested in the Queen's Remembrancer in the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer; and the several Sums of Cash specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, being Cash in the Bank of England to the Account of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, in Trust in the Causes specified in the same Schedule depending in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Revenue, or so much of the same Sums respectively as shall then be in the Bank to the Account of the said Accountant General, shall become by force of this Act vested in the Queen's Remembrancer in the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, in Trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, and the same shall be applicable to all such Purposes as the same were respectively applicable to before the passing of this Act

[Stocks &c. standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to be transferred into the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery;]

VII. And be it enacted, That on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one all Stocks, Funds, Annuities, and Securities whatsoever which shall then be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General in the Books of the Bank of England (except the Funds hereinbefore vested in the said Queen's Remembrancer), or in the Books of the South Sea Company, or in the Books of the East India Company, or in the Books of any other Body Politic or Corporate, or Company whatsoever, and all such Exchequer Bills or other Securities which at any Time before the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall have been transferred into or vested in the Name of, or shall be in the Custody or Power of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, and all Real and Personal Estate, Effects, and Property whatsoever (except as aforesaid), which shall at any Time before the said Fifteenth Day of October have been conveyed, assigned, or transferred, or made payable or secured, to the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, and which shall not have been applied to the Trusts and Purposes to which the same were applicable under the Order or Direction of the said Court of Exchequer, shall on the said Fifteenth Day of October become by force of this Act vested in the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery for the Time being, in Trust to attend the Orders of the High Court of Chancery, and without any Act or Deed whatsoever to be done or executed by the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded upon by and in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in right of his Office, by any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, or in any other Manner, as the same might have been proceeded on by or in the Name of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being,

[applicable to such Purposes as the same were respectively applicable to.]

and shall be applicable to all such Purposes as the same were respectively applicable to, except where otherwise directed by this Act; and all such Funds, Stocks, Annuities, and Securities as shall on the said Fifteenth Day of October be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, as such Accountant General,

[Officers of Bank of England, &c. directed to make the Transfer.]

in the Books of the Bank of England, (except the Funds herein-before vested in the said Queen's Remembrancer,) or in the Books of the South Sea Company and East India Company, or in the Books of any Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, and all Cash in the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General (except the several Sums specified in the said Second Schedule to this Act), shall on the said Fifteenth Day of October be carried, by the proper Officers of the said Companies respectively, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in the Books of the said Bank of England, South Sea Company, East India Company, or other Body Politic or Corporate, or Company respectively, in Trust to attend the Orders of the High Court of Chancery; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Creation or Regulation of any such Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Securities, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Accountant General of Court of Exchequer to make]

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer on shall, on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, make up Accounts with the Accountant General for the Time being of the Court of Chancery of all

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 9

[up Accounts with Accountant General of Court of Chancery.]

Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Securities which shall be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, as such Accountant General, in the Books of the Bank of England, (except as aforesaid,) or in the Books of the South Sea Company or East India Company, or in the Books of any other Body Politic or Corporate, or Company; and that the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer shall also, on the said Fifteenth Day of October, make out a true and perfect Schedule of all Cash (except as aforesaid), Exchequer Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Orders, and Effects whatsoever deposited or remaining in his Custody, Power, or Disposal, or standing in his Name as Accountant General, and of all Monies which shall have been paid into the said Bank of England to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, and which shall not have been invested in any Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Securities, and shall deliver up to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery all the Books and Documents in his Possession or Power as such Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer.

[Stocks, &c. to be entered Causewise, and the Cash to become One common Cash.]

IX. And be it enacted, That all Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and Cash, which by virtue of this Act shall become vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, shall be entered Causewise in the Books of such Accountant General, and of the Report Office of the said Court of Chancery; and that the Cash to be transferred to the Credit of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery by virtue of this Act, and all other Cash to the Credit of the Accountant General of the same Court of Chancery, shall be and be deemed and taken to be One common and general Cash, and as such shall be issued and payable in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery hath directed or shall direct.

[Property vested in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery by this Act to go to his Successors in Office.]

X. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which by virtue of this Act any Interest in Real or Personal Estate, Effects, or Property shall be vested in the Accountant General for the Time being of the said Court of Chancery, as such Accountant General, and in respect of his Office, all such Real and Personal Estate, Effects, and Property whatsoever, upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of each and every Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, and as often as the Case shall happen, and the Appointment of a Successor shall take place, shall, subject to the same Trusts as the same u'ere respectively subject to, vest in the succeeding Accountant General by force of this Act, and without any Act or Deed whatsoever to be done by the Accountant General resigning or removed, or by the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Accountant General resigning or removed or dying, or by any Person or Persons claiming under him, them, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded on in the Name of such succeeding Accountant General by any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, or in any other Manner, as the same might have been proceeded on by or in the Name or Names of such Accountant General so resigning, removed, or dying, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

[Certain Funds transferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to the Account of "Monies placed out," &c.]

XI. And be it enacted, That all the Funds which on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall be standing in the Name of the Accountant General for the Time being of the said Court of Exchequer to an Account, intituled "An Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer," or to an Account intituled "The Account of further Money placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer," shall be transferred by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Name of the Accountant General for the Time being of the said Court of Chancery, and be placed to the Credit of the Account now standing in his Name, intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and shall be in all respects deemed Part of the Funds standing to such Account, and be applied accordingly.

[Certain other Funds transferred to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the "Account of Securities purchased with]

XII. And be it enacted, That all the Funds which on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer to an Account, intituled "The Redemption Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer," shall be transferred by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Name of the Accountant General for the Time being of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to the Credit of the Account now standing in his Name, intituled "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of

10 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

[surplus Interest," &c.]

the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and shall in all respects be deemed Part of such Fund, and be applied accordingly.

[Money directed to be paid into the Bank to the Credit of Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer payable to Credit of Accountant General of the Court of Chancery. Stocks, &c. transferrable into the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to become transferable into the Name of the Accountant General of Court of Chancery.]

XIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money would, on or after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, be payable by any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, into the Bank of England, in the Name or with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and which, when paid in accordingly, would be subject to the Order of the said Court of Exchequer sitting as a Court of Equity, the same Sum and Sums shall be payable and paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the like Credit as the same would have been payable if this Act had not passed, but subject to the Order of the said Court of Chancery; and that in every Case in which any Money, Funds, Annuities, or Securities, or other Property, would, on or after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, be payable or transferrable into the Name of or become vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, and which, when paid or transferred accordingly, would be subject to the Order of the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity, the same Money, Funds, Annuities, Securities, and other Property shall be paid, transferrable, and transferred into the Name of or vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in Trust to attend the Order of the said Court of Chancery, and the same shall be applicable to the same Purposes as the same would have been applicable if this Act had not passed, except where otherwise directed by this Act; and that all Money, Funds, Annuities, Securities, and Property which shall be so paid and transferred into the Name of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and which, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not passed, were paid or transferred, or would have been payable or transferrable, to the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, by virtue of any Act or Acts already passed or hereafter to be passed, or other Authority whatsoever, shall be held subject to such or the like Orders and Directions of the said Court of Chancery, and subject to such Powers and Provisions, as the same would have been subject to in case the same had been originally directed or authorized to have been paid and transferred into the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, and had been made originally subject to the Orders and Directions of the last-mentioned Court; and the Orders and Directions of the said Court of Chancery relating thereto shall have the same Force and Effect as any like Orders and Directions of the Court of Exchequer relating thereto would have had if this Act had not passed.

[Court of Chancery to make Orders as to the arranging of Balances with the Bank, &c.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to make such Orders from Time to Time as to him shall seem meet with respect to the Time and Manner of arranging the Balances of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery with the Bank of England, and generally for carrying this Act into complete Effect, so far as the same relates to the Business of the Office of the said Accountant General and the Report Office, and the Transfer of Property from the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery; any thing in any Act or Acts now in force to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Certain Offices of the Court of Exchequer abolished.]

XV. And be it enacted, That on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one the Offices of Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, Master on the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, Clerk to the Masters on the Equity Side of the same Court, Clerk to the Accountant General, and Clerk of the Reports of the Court of Exchequer, and Clerk Examiner to the Barons of the same Court, shall be abolished.

[Proportionate Parts of Salaries of Officers of Court of Exchequer up to 15th Oct. 1841 to be paid.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That, out of the Funds which on the Fourteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer to an Account, intituled "Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer in pursuance of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth," there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the same Court, to be made for that Purpose, to the several Officers on the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer now entitled to Salaries payable out of the said Funds, such proportionate Parts of their

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 11

respective Salaries as shall accrue from the last Day of Payment thereof to the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, or so much of the same proportionate Parts respectively as the Funds which on the said Fourteenth Day of October shall be standing to the Account last aforesaid shall be sufficient to satisfy.

[Proceedings of Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity to be delivered to such Persons as the Master of the Rolls, by Warrant, shall direct; and deemed Records of Court of Chancery, subject to Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 94.]

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the Bills, Answers, Decrees, Affidavits, and Proceedings of the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity, and under such Acts of Parliament as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), and all Decrees and Minute Books, and all other Books and Documents whatsoever, relating exclusively to Proceedings in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity, and under such Acts of Parliament as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), shall on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be delivered, by the several Officers of the said Court of Exchequer now having the Custody of the same, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Master of the Rolls to receive and take charge of the same, by Warrant under his Hand, approved of and countersigned by the Lord Chancellor; and that from and after such Delivery the same Bills, Answers, Decrees, and other Proceedings shall be deemed Records of the Court of Chancery in the Custody of the Master of the Rolls, subject to thq Provisions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for keeping safely the Public Records.

[Duties of Accountant General and Masters in Revenue Business to be performed by Queen's Remembrancer.]

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Duties now performed by the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and the Masters on the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, with respect to Revenue Business depending in the same Court otherwise than as a Court of Equity, shall from Time to Time from and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one be performed by the Queen's Remembrancer for the Time being, who shall, with respect to such Business, stand and be in the Place of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, and the Masters on the Equity Side of the same Court, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to make such Orders from Time to Time as to the same Court shall seem meet for regulating the Duties so to be performed by the Queen's Remembrancer for the Time being, especially having regard to the Abolition by this Act of the Office of Clerk of the Reports of the said Court of Exchequer.

[Her Majesty empowered to appoint Two additional Judges Assistant to the Lord Chancellor, to be respectively called Vice Chancellor.]

XIX. And whereas the Business of the Court of Chancery has of late Years greatly increased, and by reason of the Transfer to the Court of Chancery of the Equitable Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer further Duties will devolve on the Court of Chancery, and it is therefore expedient, for the better Administration of Justice in the said Court of Chaneery, that Two additional Judges should be appointed to assist in the Discharge of the judicial Functions of the Lord Chancellorbe it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to nominate and appoint, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, Two fit Persons, being or having been respectively Barristers-at-Law of Fifteen Years standing at the least, to be additional Judges Assistant to the Lord Chancellor in the Discharge of the judicial Functions of his Office, each of such additional Judges to be called Vice Chancellor.

[Power to supply Vacancies in Office of Vice Chancellor first appointed under this Act;]

XX. And be it enacted, That from Time to Time when and as any Vacancy shall occur in the Office of the Vice Chancellor who shall be first appointed under the Authority of this Act, by the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of such Vice Chancellor or his Successor for the Time being, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to appoint a fit Person, being or having been a Barrister-at-Law of Fifteen Years standing at the least, to supply such Vacancy.

[but not to the secondly appointed.]

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the Appointment of a Successor to the Vice Chancellor secondly appointed under the Authority of this Act.

[Powers of Vice Chancellor.]

XXII. And be it enacted, That each such Vice Chancellor shall have full Power to hear and determine all Causes, Matters, and Things which are or shall be at any Time depending in the Court of Chancery in England, either as a Court of Law or as a Court of Equity, or incident to any ministerial Office of the said Court, or which have been or shall be submitted to the Jurisdiction of the said Court or of the Lord Chancellor by the special Authority of any Act of Parliament,

12 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

[Decrees, &c. to be deemed Decrees, &c. of the Court of Chancery.]

as the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time direct; and all Decrees, Orders, and Acts of such Vice Chancellor so made or done shall be deemed and taken to be respectively, as the Nature of the Case shall require, Decrees, Orders, and Acts of the said Court of Chancery, or of such incident Jurisdiction as aforesaid, or under such special Authority as aforesaid, and shall have Force and Validity and be executed accordingly, subject nevertheless in every Case to be reversed, discharged, or altered by the Lord Chancellor; and no such Decree or Order shall be enrolled until the same shall be signed by the Lord Chancellor:

[Vice Chancellor not to discharge, &c. Orders of any other Vice Chancellor, not being his Predecessor in Office, or any Orders, &c. of the Lord Chancellor, unless authorized, &c. 53 G. 3. c. 24.]

Provided always, that no such Vice Chancellor shall have Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by any other Vice Chancellor to be appointed under this Act, not being a Predecessor in Office of such Vice Chancellor, nor any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by any Lord Chancellor, unless authorized by the Lord Chancellor so to do, nor any Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by the Master of the Rolls or the Vice Chancellor for the Time being appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate ike Administration of Justice, or any Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by the Court of Review in Bankruptcy.

[Vice Chancellor to sit in Absence of Lord Chancellor or in a separate Court.]

XXIII. And be it enacted, That each or either of the Vice Chancellors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall sit for the Lord Chancellor whenever he shall require him so to do, and shall also, at such other Times as the Lord Chancellor shall direct, sit in a separate Court, whether the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls, or the Vice Chancellor appointed in pursuance of the said Act, shall be sitting or not, for which Purpose the Lord Chancellor shall make such Orders as to him shall appear to be proper and convenient, from Time to Time Bfi Occasion shall require.

[Vice Chancellor, if a Privy Councillor, to be of the Judicial Committee.]

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person holding or who shall have held the Office of Vice Chancellor under this Act shall, if a Member of Her Majesty's Privy Council, be a Member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

[Rank and Precedence next after the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer.]

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Vice Chancellors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall, during the Continuance in Office of the present Vice Chancellor, respectively have Rank and Precedence next to the Lord Chief Baron of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and that the Vice Chancellor to be appointed in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and the Vice Chancellors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall, after the Death of the present Vice Chancellor, or his Resignation or Removal from his Office respectively, have Rank and Precedence next to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and, as between themselves, shall have Rank and Precedence according to Seniority of Appointment to their respective Offices.

[Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer.]

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in and by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, or in and by any other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to direct that each such Vice Chancellor to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall have a Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer, to be from Time to Time appointed and removed by such Vice Chancellor at his Pleasure; and that the Secretaries, Registrars, and other Officers appointed to attend the Lord Chancellor shall attend each such Vice Chancellor when sitting for the Lord Chancellor, and also when sitting in his separate Court, as Circumstances shall require, and as the Lord Chancellor shall order and direct.

[Vice Chancellor to hold Office during his good Behaviour, but may be removed.]

XXVII. And be it enacted, That each of the Vice Chancellors to be appointed under this Act shall hold his Office during his good Behaviour: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to remove any such Vice Chancellor from his Office upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament.

[Vice Chancellor to take the following Oath.]

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Vice Chancellor to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall, previous to his executing any of the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath, which the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls for the Time being is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer:

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 13

I __________ do solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, That I will duly and faithfully, and to the best of my Skill and Power, execute the Office of Vice Chancellor.

So help me GOD.

[Lord Chancellor, with the Concurrence of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors, or any Two of them, empowered to make Orders, &c.]

XXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Appointment of the Vice Chancellors under this Act it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice or Consent of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors for the Time being, or any Two of them, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to do all such Acts, and to make and issue all such Rules and Orders, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice or Consent of the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellor for the Time being, or One of them, is empowered to do, make, or issue.

[Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls may direct Causes, &c. depending before the latter to be heard by the Lord Chancellor or any Vice Chancellor, &c.]

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls from Time to Time to direct that any Causes or Matters which shall be at any Time or Times depending for Hearing or Determination before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being shall be heard and determined by the Lord Chancellor, or by One of the Vice Chancellors for the Time being, and to direct that any Causes or Matters which shall be at any Time or Times depending for Hearing before the Lord Chancellor shall be heard and determined by the Master of the Rolls for the Time being; but all Decrees and Orders to be made by the Master of the Rolls or by any Vice Chancellor in pursuance of such Direction shall be subject to be reversed, discharged, or altered by the Lord Chancellor.

[Power to Lord Chancellor, &c. to reverse, &c. Orders of the Court of Exchequer.]

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, the Master of the Rolls, and the Vice Chancellors respectively shall, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, have such and the same Power to reverse, discharge, or alter Decrees or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer in Suits and Matters hereby transferred to the said Court of Chancery as they would have had if the same Decrees or Orders had been made by them respectively, or by their respective Predecessors in Office, in Suits or Matters depending in the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, that any Decree or Order of the Master of the Rolls, or One of the Vice Chancellors, reversing, discharging, or altering any Decree or Order of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be subject to be reversed, discharged, or varied by the Lord Chancellor.

[Appointment of R. Richards, Esquire, to be a Master in Chancery.]

XXXII. And be it enacted, That Richard Richards Esquire, the present Accountant General and One of the Masters of the said Court of Exchequer, shall, on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, become by force of this Act a Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, in addition to the present Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, with the like Privileges, Duties, Powers, Authority, and Jurisdiction which are now vested in or may be exercised by a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery; and he and his Successors shall take the usual Oaths before the Lord Chancellor, in like Manner as the same are at present administered to Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery;

[Certain depending References transferred to him, and such others as the Lord Chancellor shall direct.]

and that all References which on the said Fifteenth Day of October shall be depending before the Masters on the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer shall be by force of this Act transferred to the said Richard Richards as a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and such other References shall also be made to the said Richard Richards by the said Court of Chancery as the Lord Chancellor shall by any General Order from Time to Time direct.

[Her Majesty empowered by Letters Patent to appoint Successors to Mr. Richards.]

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of the said Richard Richards, and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of any of his Successors, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to appoint a fit and proper Person to supply such Vacancy.

[N. Buckland, the present Clerk to the Masters in Exchequer, to be Chief Clerk to Mr. Richards, who may also appoint a Junior Clerk, &c.]

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That Neal Buckland, the present Clerk to the Masters and Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, shall, on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, become by force of this Act Chief Clerk to the said Richard Richards and his Successors, as Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery; and that it shall be lawful for the said Richard Richards to appoint a Junior Clerk; and that on any Vacancy in such Offices of Chief Clerk and Junior Clerk respectively such Vacancy

14 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

shall be supplied as Vacancies in the Offices of Chief Clerk and Junior Clerk to the Masters are now or may for the Time being be supplied; and such Chief Clerk and Junior Clerk respectively shall perform all the same Duties with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Fees, and in all other respects, as the Chief Clerks and Junior Clerks of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery respectively now do or may for the Time being perform, and shall hold their respective Offices in like Manner as such Chief Clerks and Junior Clerks respectively now do or may for the Time being hold their respective Offices; and that it shall be lawful for such Junior Clerk for the Time being to receive and take such Money for copying Documents or Writings as may for the Time being be taken by the Junior Clerks to the Masters of the said Court of Chancery.

[Salaries to Vice Chancellor and his Officers, and to Master, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Suitors Fund.]

XXXV. And be it enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may hereafter arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be placed in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery to the Two Accounts, intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them, there shall be paid (but subject and without prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries or Sums of Money by any former Act or Acts now in force directed or authorized to be paid thereout), by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made from Time to Time for that Purpose, without any Draft from the Accountant General, the several Salaries herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) the net yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds to each Vice Chancellor for the Time being to be appointed under this Act, the net yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds to his Secretary, the net yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds to his Usher, the net yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to his Trainbearer, and the net yearly Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds to the said Richard Richards and his Successors in the said Office of Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery; which Salaries shall be free from all Taxes, Deductions, and Abatements whatsoever out of the same, or any Part thereof, and (except the Salary of the said Richard Richards and his Successors) shall be paid quarterly, on the Eleventh Day of January, the Eleventh Day of April) the Eleventh Day of July, and the Eleventh Day of October in every Year, by equal Portions; and the first of such Payments to each such Vice Chancellor and his Officers respectively, or a proportionate Part thereof, to be computed from the Time of the Appointment of such Vice Chancellor, shall be made on such of the same Days of Payment as shall first happen after the Date of the Letters Patent appointing such Vice Chancellor; and the said Salary to the said Richard Richards and his Successors shall be paid quarterly, on the Twenty-fifth Day of February) the Twenty-fifth Day of May, the Twenty-fifth Day of August) and the Twenty-fifth Day of November in every Year, by equal Portions, the first of such quarterly Payments to the said Richard Richards and his Successors, or a proportionate Part thereof, to be computed from the Time of his Appointment, to be made on such of the same Days of Payment as shall first happen after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, or after the Date of the Letters Patent appointing such Successor, as the Case may be; and that upon the Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office of any such Vice Chancellor, Master, Secretary, Usher, and Trainbearer respectively, such Vice Chancellor, Master, Secretary, Usher, or Trainbearer respectively, or their respective Executors and Administrators, as the Case may be, shall be paid such proportionate Part of their respective Salaries aforesaid as shall have accrued from the Times of the Commencement of such Salaries respectively, or from the last quarterly Day of Payment thereof to the Time of such Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office; and that the succeeding Vice Chancellor, Master, Secretary, Usher, or Trainbearer respectively shall be paid such proportionate Part of their respective Salaries as shall be accruing or shall accrue from the Day of the Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office of the preceding Vice Chancellor, Master, Secretary, Usher, or Trainbearer respectively.

[Her Majesty empowered to grant an Annuity to a Vice Chancellor on his Resignation.]

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to give and grant unto any Person executing the Office of Vice Chancellor in pursuance of this Act an Annuity not exceeding

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 15

Three thousand five hundred Pounds, to commence and take effect immediately after the Period when the Person to whom such Annuity shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Vice Chancellor, and to continue from thenceforth during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted; and such Annuity shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, next in order of Payment to, and after paying and reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force have been directed to be paid thereout, but with preference to all other Payments which shall hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the same Fund; and such Annuity shall be paid quarterly, free from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, by equal Portions; and the first quarterly Payment, or a proportionate Part thereof, to be computed from the Time of the Resignation of the said Office, shall be made on such of the same Days as shall next happen after the Resignation of the said Office; and that the Executors or Administrators of the Person to whom the same Annuity shall be granted as aforesaid shall be paid such proportionate Part of the said Annuity as shall accrue from the Commencement or the last quarterly Payment thereof, as the Case may be, to the Day of his Death:

[Such Annuity may be limited as herein mentioned.]

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in and by such Letters Patent, to limit the Duration of Payment of such Annuity, or any Part thereof, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not exercise any Office of Profit under Her Majesty, so that such Annuity, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the said Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds:

[Period of Service.]

Provided also, that no Annuity granted to any Person having executed the Office of Vice Chancellor under this Act shall be valid unless such Person shall have continued in the said Office, or in the said Office and the Office of a Judge in One or more of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

[Regulating future Salaries of Vice Chancellor appointed under 53 G.3. c. 24.]

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present Vice Chancellor of England the Salary payable to the Vice Chancellor for the Time being appointed under the said Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third shall be reduced to the yearly Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and the Salary of his Secretary shall be reduced to the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and that no greater Annuity chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund than the Annuity of Three thousand five hundred Pounds shall be granted by Her Majesty to any Person executing the Office of Vice Chancellor, to take effect upon his resigning such Office, other than the present Vice Chancellor.

[Number of Registrars increased to Ten. 3&4 W.4. C. 94.]

XXXVIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery, Six Registrars of the said Court of Chancery were appointed, and Provision was thereby made for filling up Vacancies in the Office of Registrar of the said Court: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that the Number of Registrars of the said Court of Chancery should be increased; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one there shall be Ten Registrars of the said Court; and that Edward Dod Colville Esquire, the present First Registrar of the Court of Chancery; Joseph Collis Esquire, the present Second Registrar of the Court of Chancery; Robert Onebye Walker Esquire, the present Third Registrar 01 the Court of Chancery; Francis Henry Davis Esquire, one of the present Sworn Clerks of the Court of Exchequer; Henry Edgeworth Bicknell Esquire, the present Fourth Registrar of the Court of Chancery; Henry Hussey Esquire, the present Fifth Registrar of the Court of Chancery; Hugh Wood Esquire, one of the present Sworn Clerks of the Court of Exchequer; Francis Robert Bedwell Esquire, the present Sixth Registrar of the Court of Chancery; Cecil Monro Esquire, the present First Clerk to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery; and Edward Dod Colville junior, Esquire, the present Second Clerk to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, shall be such Ten Registrars, and shall rank in the Order and Course in which they are herein respectively named; and that (subject nevertheless

16 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

[Provisions for filling up Vacancies.]

to the Provisions herein-after contained) on the Death, Resignation, Promotion, or Removal of any of the Ten Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, other than the junior of the same Registrars, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up by the Registrar next in Seniority, to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made, or by the senior of the Clerks to the Registrars for the Time being, to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made, in case the junior of the same Registrars for the Time being, but for some sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor being made, would have been the Person to supply such Vacancy; and that on the Death, Resignation, Promotion, or Removal of the junior Registrar for the Time being, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up by the senior of the Clerks to the Registrars for the Time being, to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made; and that each of such Persons so appointed to be Registrars, and all and every Persons and Person hereafter to be appointed to be such Registrars or Registrar, shall be and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required personally to do and perform all such Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things necessary and proper in the due Execution of their said Offices as belong or appertain thereto, with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Fees, and in all other respects, except so far as the same may be altered or varied by any Rules or Orders to be made or issued by the Lord Chancellor relative thereto.

[Registrars to attend each Judge of the Court as the Lord Chancellor, &c. shall direct.]

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery shall attend the Court of the Lord Chancellor, the Court of the Master of the Rolls, the Court of the Vice Chancellor appointed in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and the Courts of the Vice Chancellors to be appointed under this Act, in such Order and Manner as shall be found most expedient for furthering the Business of the Court, and as the Lord Chancellor, with the Concurrence of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors for the Time being, or any Two of them, shall from Time to Time by any General Order direct;

[In case of Illness they may appoint a Deputy.]

and that in case of Illness it shall be lawful for any of such Registrars, from Time to Time as Occasion may require, to appoint a Deputy, such Deputy, and also the Occasion for such Appointment, to be first approved by the Lord Chancellor, upon a Petition, to be verified by Affidavit, for such Time and under such general Regulations as the Lord Chancellor, with the Concurrence of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors for the Time being, or any Two of them, shall direct; and no such Appointment of a Deputy shall continue for any longer Time than shall be allowed and specified in and by the Order which shall be made by the Lord Chancellor upon such Petition:

[On failure of Appointment for Two Days, the Lord Chancellor to appoint.]

Provided, that in case any Registrar of the said Court who shall be prevented by Illness from giving his personal Attendance shall omit for the Space of Two Days to appoint such Deputy, the Lord Chancellor shall, if he shall see fit, himself appoint such Deputy, and direct what Part of the Salary of such Registrar shall be received by such Deputy, and the same shall be paid over to and received by him accordingly.

[Clerks to the Registrars increased to Twelve.]

XL. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one there shall be Twelve Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery; and Richard Howell Leach, the present Third Clerk to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery; Percival Bedwell, the present Fourth Clerk to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery; Henry Latham, the present Fifth Clerk to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery; James Thomas Fry, the present Sixth Clerk to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery; Thomas Ellis Adlington, one of the present Sworn Clerks of the Court of Exchequer; Francis Henry Rich, one of the present Side Clerks of the Court of Exchequer; Frederick Metcalfe, the present Seventh Clerk to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery; John Lewis Merivale, the present Eighth Clerk to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery; Frank Milne, one of the present Side Clerks of the Court of Exchequer; and Three Persons, duly qualified, to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, shall be such Twelve Clerks to the Registrars of the Court of Chancery, and, as to the Persons herein named, shall rank in the Order and Course in which they are herein respectively named;

[Vacancies to be filled up by Seniority.]

and that (subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein-after contained) on the Death, Resignation, Promotion, or Removal of any of the Twelve Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, other than the junior Clerk, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up by the Clerk next

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 17

in Seniority, to whom no sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor shall be made, or by any Person who, under the Provision herein-after contained, shall be eligible to he Office of Twelfth Clerk, in case the Twelfth Clerk for the Time being, but for some sufficient Objection to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor being made, would have been the Person to supply such Vacancy.

[Lord Chancellor to appoint Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Clerk, and to fill up Vacancies in Office of Twelfth Clerk.]

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor shall appoint some proper Person who shall have been admitted and entered on the Roll of Solicitors or Attornies of some one of Her Majesty's Courts in Westminster Hally or who shall have duly served a Term of not less than Five Years under Articles of Clerkship to some Solicitor or Attorney of some one of the said Courts, to be Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Clerk to the said Registrars, and shall in like Manner supply Vacancies in the Office of Twelfth Clerk to the Registrars whenever the same shall happen.

[Lord Chancellor empowered to increase the Number of Clerks in the Registrars Office.]

XLII. And be it enacted, That if it shall hereafter appear to the Lord Chancellor that the Business of the Registrars Office cannot be discharged with due Despatch without more than Twelve Clerks, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to appoint One or more additional Clerk or Clerks to the Registrars, being a Person or Persons who, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be eligible to the Office of Twelfth Clerk to the Registrars; and such additional Clerk or Clerks shall succeed to and fill any Vacancy when and as the same may occur by any Death, Resignation, Promotion, or Removal of any other Clerk to the Registrars, in the same Manner as the Right of Succession is given to the before-named Clerks, but subject in all Cases to Cause being shown to the contrary to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor.

[Preserving Rights of present Registrars and Clerks.]

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the present Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, other than the said Francis Robert Bedwell and Edward Dod Colville junior, shall respectively have such and the same Right of Succession to the Offices of First Registrar, Second Registrar, Third Registrar, Fifth Registrar, Sixth Registrar, Ninth Registrar, Senior Clerk to the Registrars, Second Clerk to the Registrars, Third Clerk to the Registrars, and Fourth Clerk to the Registrars, as, under the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, they would have had to the Offices of Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars appointed by or under the same Act, if this Act had not passed, and the said Francis Robert BedioeU had ceased to be a Registrar, and the said Edward Dod Colville junior had ceased to be Clerk to the Registrars, and had not become Registrar.

[Proviso as to Succession of Sworn Clerks, &c.]

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such of the present Sworn Clerks and Side Clerks of the Court of Exchequer as are hereby appointed Registrars or Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, and the said Francis Robert Bedwell and Edward Dod Colville junior, shall have such and the same Right of Succession to the Offices of Fourth Registrar, Seventh Registrar, Eighth Registrar, Tenth Registrar, Fifth Clerk to the Registrars, and Sixth Clerk to the Registrars, as, under the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, they would have had to the Offices of Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars appointed by or under the same Act, in case Four Registrars only, and Three Clerks to the Registrars only, had been appointed by the same Act, and the said Sworn Clerks and Side Clerks, and the said Francis Robert Bedwell, and Edward Dod Colville junior, had been appointed to the same Offices respectively in the Order in which they are hereby appointed.

[Office of Master of Reports and Entries.]

XLV. And be it enacted, That the several Registrars of the said Court of Chancery and the Clerks to the Registrars shall, in the Event of a Vacancy in the Office of Master of the Reports and Entries, according to their Seniority, be entitled to succeed; but any such Registrar or Clerk so taking such Office shall vacate his Office of Registrar or Clerk, and shall not be entitled to fill either of such Offices, or to succeed to any other Registrar or Clerk: Provided always, that the present Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars shall have such and the same Right of Succession to the same Office as they would have had under the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth if this Act had not passed.

18 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

[Duties of Registrars Clerks.]

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the several Clerks to the said Registrars appointed and to be appointed under this Act shall personally perform all such Matters and Things as are necessary and proper in the due Execution of the Business of the said Office of the Registrars, and as are now done and performed by the Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery, with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Fees, and in all other respects, excepting so far as the same shall be varied by any Rules or Orders to be made or issued by the Lord Chancellor relative thereto.

[Lord Chancellor may appoint Persons to keep Order in Courts.]

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to appoint One or more Person or Persons, removeable at Pleasure, for the Purpose of keeping Order in the Courts of the Vice Chancellors to be appointed under the Authority of this Act.

[Masters, Registrars, and Clerks to Registrars to hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and, with other Officers, to be subject to Prohibitions, &c.]

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Masters in Ordinary, Registrars, and Clerks to the Registrars, appointed and to be appointed under this Act, shall hold their respective Offices during their good Behaviour, and so long as they shall personally give their Attendance upon their respective Duties, and shall conduct themselves honestly and faithfully in the due Execution of the Duties of their said Offices respectively; and that they, and all other Persons holding any Office, Situation, or Employment in any Office of the said Court of Chancery, or under any of the Judges or Officers thereof, under this Act, shall be subject or liable to such and the same Prohibitions, Prosecutions, Penalties, and Punishments as are by the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth imposed or directed with respect to the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and other Persons holding any Office, Situation, or Employment in the same Court, or under any of the Judges or Officers thereof, in the same Manner as if the Enactments therein contained relating to such Masters and other Officers of the said Court respectively were here repeated.

[Power to Lord Chancellor to remove Officers, &c.]

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with the Concurrence of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors for the Time being, or any Two of them, by any Order, to remove from his Office any Officer for the Time being of the said Court of Chancery holding Office during good Behaviour (other than a Master in Ordinary), for some sufficient Cause, to be in such Order expressed; and that any Officer, Clerk, or Messenger appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[3&4 Vict. c. 94.]

intituled An Act for facilitating the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery, shall be removeable at the Pleasure of the Lord Chancellor, with the Concurrence of the Master of the Rolls and Vice Chancellors for the Time being, or any Two of them.

[Provision for certain Expences and Salaries.]

L. And be it enacted, That, out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be placed, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to the Two Accounts, intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries or Sums of Money by any Act or Acts now in force directed or authorized to be paid thereout,) there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made from Time to Time for that Purpose, the Salaries and Sums following; (that is to say,) such Sums as the Lord Chancellor shall think reasonable to be paid to such Persons as he shall in any Order in that Behalf name, for Work done, or Monies expended in transferring the Accounts heretofore kept by the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer to the Books of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, and in otherwise carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act in that Behalf, and also the yearly Salary of Forty Pounds to each Person to be appointed under this Act to keep Order in the Courts of the Vice Chancellors, the same Salaries to be paid quarterly on such Days and in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor shall by any Order in that Behalf direct; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, as the Lord Chancellor shall think reasonable, for Expences to be incurred in Alterations or Improvements of the Offices of the Registrars, Accountant General, and Masters of the said

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 19

Court of Chancery, or any other of the Offices of the same Court, for the Purpose of rendering the same fit for the convenient Reception and Occupation of the several additional Officers of the said Court appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or generally for Expences to be incurred in carrying this Act into effect; and also such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord Chancellor shall think reasonable for the Rent of any Buildings or Rooms which may be taken for any Officers of the Lord Chancellor or of the Court of Chancery.

[Repeal of certain Provisions of 3&4 W. 4. c.94.]

LI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth as directs the Payment of Salaries to the Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery shall, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, be repealed: Provided always, that on the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one such proportionate Part of the same Salaries respectively as shall have accrued since the last quarterly Day of Payment thereof to the said Fifteenth Day of October shall be paid to the Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars under the said last-mentioned Act, out of the Fund placed to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

[Salaries to Registrars and Clerks, and Masters Clerks, to be paid out of the Suitors Fee Fund.]

LII. And be it enacted, That, out of the Fund placed to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," there shall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money which by any Act or Acts now in force are authorized to be paid thereout), by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be from Time to Time made for that Purpose, to the several Officers named in the Third Schedule to this Act, the several Salaries or yearly Sums set opposite to their respective Names or Titles in such Schedule; and that such Salaries or yearly Sums shall be payable and paid, free from Taxes and Deductions, by equal quarterly Payments, on the Twenty-fifth Day of February, the Twenty-fifth Day of May, the Twenty-fifth Day of August, and the Twenty-fifth Day of November in every Year, a proportionate Part of the first of such quarterly Payments, to be computed from the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, to be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-one; and that upon the Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office of any such Officer, such Officer, or his Executors or Administrators, as the Case may be, shall be paid such proportionate Part of the Salary aforesaid as shall havje accrued since the last quarterly Payment thereof to the Time of such Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office, and that the succeeding Officer shall be paid such proportionate Part of the Salary as shall be accruing or shall accrue from the Day of the Resignation, Death, or Removal from Office of the preceding Officer for the Time being.

[Allowance to Registrars for copying, &c.]

LIII. And be it enacted, That, out of the said Fund placed to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid,) there shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be from Time to Time made for that Purpose, to each of the Registrars of the said Court of Chancery for the Time being (other than the present Six Registrars of the said Court), in addition to their respective Salaries, the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, so long as such Registrar shall be liable to the Expence of copying the Decrees and Orders of the said Court, and the Minutes of such Decrees and Orders, and to the said Frank Milne as long as he shall hold the Office of Ninth Clerk to the Registrars, or either of the Offices of Eighth Clerk to the Registrars or Seventh Clerk to the Registrars, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in addition to his Salary as such Clerk; the said yearly Sums of One hundred Pounds and Two hundred Pounds to be paid quarterly, with such proportionate Parts and on the same Days as are herein-before mentioned and appointed for the Payment of the Salaries payable out of the Fund last herein-before mentioned.

20 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

[Power to Lord Chancellor to order Retiring Annuity to Mr. Richards and his Successors.]

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made from Time to Time on a Petition presented to him for that Purpose, to order (if he shall so think fit) an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may arise from the Securities now or hereafter to be placed in the Name of the said Accountant General to the Two Accounts, intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them, (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid,) to the said Richard Richards, or any of his Successors in the Office of Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, if and when the said Richard Richards, or any of his Successors, shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, and shall be desirous of resigning the same; and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid), by equal quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to such Master in Ordinary, from the Period when he shall resign his said Office, for the Term of his Life, free from Taxes.

[Officers whose Offices are abolished may make Claims for Compensation.]

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Court of Exchequer whose Office will be abolished or affected by the Operation of this Act to make a Claim for Compensation, within Six Months after the passing thereof, to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the Time being; and the said Commissioners and the Lord Chief Baron shall proceed, in such Manner as they may think proper, to inquire whether any Compensation ought to be made to any such Claimant, and, if any, what were the lawfol Fees and Emoluments in respect of which the same should be allowed; and in every Case in which such Claim shall be established to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners and the Lord Chief Baron they are hereby authorized and empowered to fix and determine, by an Order under their Hands, the Amount of the annual Compensation which shall seem to them to be just and reasonable for the Loss sustained by such Claimant, not being, in any Case where his Office is wholly abolished by and he shall not be appointed to any other Office under this Act, less than Three Fourth Parts of the full net annual Value of the lawful Fees and Emoluments of the Office so abolished; and the Amount of such annual Value as aforesaid shall be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioners and the Lord Chief Baron according to such an Average of yearly Receipts and Disbursements prior to the passing of this Act as they shall think proper; and the Times when such annual Compensation shall commence and also be payable (whether quarterly or otherwise) shall also be fixed by the said Commissioners and Lord Chief Baron; and the said Commissioners and the Lord Chief Baron shall have full Power to award, in any Case in which they shall think fit, such annual Sum by way of Compensation to any such Claimant who shall be appointed by or under this Act to any Office or Situation in the Court of Chancery, in addition to the Salary attached to such Office or Situation, so long as he shall hold Office under this Act, and also an annual Sum by way of Compensation, to become payable when he shall, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, have resigned such Office; and all the Compensations fixed and determined as aforesaid shall be issued and paid and payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders for that Purpose to be made by the said Court of Chancery, out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may hereafter arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be placed to Two several Accounts in the Bank of England standing in the Name of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 21

of Money which by any Act or Acts now in force are authorized to be paid thereout): Provided always, that an Account of all such Compensations shall, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be so granted, be laid upon the Table of the House of Commons, if Parliament shall be then assembled, or if Parliament shall not be then assembled, then within Fourteen Days after the Meeting of Parliament then next following.

[Power to Lord Chancellor to order Retiring Pension to Registrars, &c.]

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made from Time to Time on a Petition presented to him for that Purpose, after the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, to order (if he shall think fit) an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Person executing the Office of Registrar under this Act, not exceeding Two Third Parts of the yearly Salary which such Person shall under this Act be entitled to at the Time of presenting such Petition, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may arise from the Securities now or hereafter to be placed in the Name of the said Accountant General to the Two Accounts, intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them, (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid,) if and when such Person shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, or shall have continued in the Office of Registrar and the Office of Clerk to the Registrars, for the Period of Forty Years, and shall be desirous of resigning the same; and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Securities, (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid,) by equal quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to such Registrar, from the Period when he shall resign his said Office, for the Term of his Life, free from Taxes: Provided always, that a Continuance in the Office of Sub or Deputy Registrar and Clerk in the Registrars Office before the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth came into operation shall be deemed a Continuance in the Office of Registrar and Clerk to the Registrars within the Meaning of this Act; and that, as to such of the said Sworn Clerks and Side Clerks of the Court of Exchequer as are hereby appointed Registrars or Clerks to the Registrars, the Time during which they shall respectively have been Sworn Clerks and Side Clerks of the same Court of Exchequer before the said Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-one shall be added to the Time during which they shall have been actually Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars, and shall, for the Purposes of this Clause, be deemed and taken as Part of the Time during which they shall have continued in the Office of Registrar and the Office of Clerk to the Registrars.

[Compensation to Hon. Mr. Scarlett to cease when he shall become a Peer.]

LVII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That every annual or other Sum of Money awarded by way of Compensation or otherwise under this Act to the Honourable Robert Campbell Scarlett, now one of the Masters of the Court of Exchequer, shall cease to be payable when and so soon as he shall succeed to the Dignity of a Peer of the United Kingdom.

[Provision in case of Surplus or Deficiency of Fee Fund.]

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if at the End of any Year there shall be a Surplus standing to the Credit of the said Account, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," after Payment of the several Salaries or Sums of Monies charged thereon by this Act or the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to direct that any Surplus which may remain on the said Account to be intituled, "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," after paying the several Salaries or Sums of Money charged thereon, or such Part thereof as to the said Lord Chancellor shall seem fit, shall be invested in the Purchase of Parliamentary or Government Securities in the Name of the said Accountant General, to be placed to the Account, intituled "An Account of Monies placed out to provide for the Officers of the High Court of Chancery;" and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor in like Manner

22 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

to direct the Investment of the Dividends or Interest to accrue from Time to Time on such last-mentioned Securities, or so much of such Dividends and Interest as he shall think fit,' in the Purchase of Parliamentary or Government Securities in the Name of the Accountant: General, to be by him placed to the Credit of the said last-mentioned Account; and in the Event of there being a Deficiency in the said Account, intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," at any of the Times hereby or by the said last-mentioned Act appointed for Payment of the Salaries charged thereon, to raise and pay the several Sums then due, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct the said Accountant General from Time to Time to make good such Deficiency as often as the same shall arise, by carrying over and placing to the said Account intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account" a Sum sufficient for that Purpose, out of the Interest or Dividends to arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities standing to the said Account intituled "Account of Monies placed out to provide for the Officers of the High Court of Chancery," or by a Sale of so much of the said Securities as may be necessary for that Purpose; and in case such last-mentioned Securities, and the Interest and Dividends thereof, shall be at any Time insufficient to meet such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct the said Accountant General to make good such last-mentioned Deficiency so often as the same shall arise, by carrying over and placing to the said Account to be intituled "The Suitors Fee Fund Account" a Sum sufficient for that Purpose, out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or which may hereafter arise from the Government or Parliamentary Securities now or hereafter to be placed to Two several Accounts in the Bank of England standing in the Name of the Accountant General, and intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them.

[Power to invest surplus Interest Fund.]

LIX. And be it enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which hath arisen and shall arise from the Monies placed out on the several Accounts intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors in the High Court of Chancery," beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of this and the several other Acts relating to such Securities, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, shall from Time to Time be placed out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of the said Account intituled "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery."

[Money placed out, if required to answer Demands of Suitors, to be called in.]

LX. And be it enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Monies placed out to the Two several Accounts intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and "Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Monies to be called in, and the Securities in which the same, and the surplus Interest and Dividends herein-before mentioned, shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

[Accountant General of Court of Chancery to pay over One hun-]

LXI. And whereas the average annual Amount of Brokerages received by the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer for his own Benefit amounts to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; be it enacted, That the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery shall, on or before the First Day of September in every Year, pay into

5° VICTORIAE, c.5. 23

[dred and fifty Pounds yearly to Suitors Fund.]

the Bank, to be there placed to his Credit as such Accountant General to an Account intituled "An Account of Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Money placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, the first of such Payments to be made on or before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-two; and such Sum, when so paid in, shall be in all respects deemed to be Part of such Fund, and shall be applied accordingly.

[Power to change Securities.]

LXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to authorize the Change of any Security or Securities, or of any Part of the Securities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act.

[Accountant General to make certain Returns.]

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Accountant General for the Time being of the High Court of Chancery shall annually cause to be laid on the Table of the House of Commons a Return showing the State of the several Funds in his Name, called "The Suitors Fund" and "The Suitors Fee Fund," and the Charges upon the same Funds respectively.

[Interpretation Clause.]

LXIV. And be it declared and enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Expression " Her Majesty " shall mean also and include the Heirs and Successors of Her Majesty; and the Expression " Lord Chancellor " shall mean also and include the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being.

[Meaning of Term "Barrister-at-Law" and "Barrister."]

LXV. And be it enacted and declared, That in the Construction of this Act, and of every other Act heretofore passed relating to the Nomination or Appointment to any Office or Employment, the Expression "Barrister-at-Law" or "Barrister" shall mean a Barrister-at-Law called to the Bar either in England or Ireland, except where it is otherwise expressly provided.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

LXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES.

The First Schedule referred to by the foregoing Act.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, to the Sheriffs of London, greeting: We command you that you omit not, by reason of any Liberty, but that you enter the same and distrain the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by all their Lands and Chattels in your Bailiwick, so that they, or any of them, do not intermeddle therewith until We otherwise command you; and that you answer Us the Issues of the said Lands, so that they do appear before Us in Our High Court of Chancery on the ..... Day of ..... to answer a certain Bill of Complaint lately exhibited against them and other Defendants before Us in Our said Court of Chancery by ..... Complainant; and further, to do and receive what Our said Court shall then and there order in the Premises, and that you then leave there this Writ. Witness Ourself at Westminster the ..... Day of ..... in the ..... Year of Our Reign.

Devon.

24 5° VICTORIAE, c.5.

The Second Schedule referred to by the foregoing Act

# Table begins

Cash.

£ s. d.

The King v. Anthill 225 0 0

Ambler, the Creditors of Ogle and Ambler's Account 369 13 1

Ashton 10 18 9

Butler, Samuel 5 0 0

Bennett 15 0 0

George Bennett 20 0 0

Delamotte 1,065 17 10

Faithfull 5 0 0

Guy 10 0 0

Harrison 17 9 4

M'George 71 15 9

Mew the younger 5 0 0

Okey 23 14 0

Roper, the Creditors of Ogle, Roper, and Throp's Account 28 14 6

Charles Snow 92 18 0

Taylor 65 0 0

Turner 132 12 1

Weir 200 0 0

Kent 0 0 0

Whitworth 56 17 0

Norham Land Tax 17 9 8

The Queen v. Lane 1,602 0 0

Holt 710 0 0

# Table ends

The Third Schedule referred to by the foregoing Act.

# Table begins

Salary.

The First Registrar £2,000 per Annum.

The Second, Third, and Fourth Registrars 1,800 per Annum each.

The Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Registrars 1,500 per Annum each.

The Ninth and Tenth Registrars 1,250 per Annum each.

The First and Second Clerks to the Registrars 800 per Annum each.

The Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Clerks to the Registrars 600 per Annum each.

The Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Clerks to the Registrars 400 per Annum each.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Clerks to the Registrars, and any additional Clerks to the Registrars to be appointed under this Act 300 per Annum each.

The Chief Clerk to the Master in Ordinary in Chancery appointed under this Act 1,000 per Annum.

The Junior Clerk of such Master 150 per Annum.

# Table ends

5° VICTORIAE, c.6. 25

CAP. VI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the Time being to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions.

[5th October 1841.]

[26 G. 8. c. 84.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the Time being to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions, after reciting that "there are divers Persons, Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions, and inhabiting and residing within the said Countries, who profess the public Worship of Almighty God according to the Principles of the Church of England, and who, in order to provide a regular Succession of Ministers for the Service of their Church, are desirous of having certain of the Subjects or Citizens of those Countries consecrated Bishops according to the Form of Consecration of the Church of England," it is amongst other things enacted, that from and after the passing of the said Act it should and might be lawful to and for the Archbishop of Canterbury or for the Archbishop of York for the Time being, together with such other Bishops as they should call to their Assistance, to consecrate Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions Bishops for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, without the King's Licence for their Election, or the Royal Mandate under the Great Seal for their Confirmation and Consecration, and without requiring them to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oath of due Obedience to the Archbishop for the Time being: And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Powers given by the said Act; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Archbishops of Canterbury and York may consecrate British Subjects or Foreigners to be Bishops in Foreign Countries, without the Royal Licence for Election, &c.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the time being, together with such other Bishops as they shall call to their Assistance, to consecrate British Subjects, or the Subjects or Citizens of any Foreign Kingdom or State,

to be Bishops in any Foreign Country, whether such Foreign Subjects or Citizens be or be not Subjects or Citizens of the Country in which they are to act, and without the Queen's Licence for their Election, or the Royal Mandate under the Great Seal for their Confirmation and Consecration, and without requiring such of them as may be Subjects or Citizens of any Foreign Kingdom or State to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oath of due Obedience to the Archbishop for the Time being.

[Spiritual Jurisdiction of such Bishops.]

II. And be it further enacted, That such Bishop or Bishops so consecrated may exercise, within such Limits as may from Time to Time be assigned for that Purpose in such Foreign Countries by Her Majesty, Spiritual Jurisdiction over the Ministers of British Congregations of the United Church of England and Ireland, and over such other Protestant Congregations as may be desirous of placing themselves under his or their Authority.

[Archbishops to obtain Her Majesty's Licence for Consecration, and to ascertain the Fitness of Persons to be consecrated.]

III. Provided always, That no Person shall be consecrated a Bishop in the Manner herein provided until the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the Time being shall have first applied for and shall have obtained Her Majesty's Licence, by Warrant under Her Royal Signet and Sign Manual, authorizing and empowering him to perform such Consecration, and expressing the Name of the Person so to be consecrated, nor until the said Archbishop has been fully ascertained of the Sufficiency of such Person in good Learning of the Soundness of his Faith, and of the Purity of his Manners.

[Such Bishops, and the Persons consecrated or ordained by them, not to act within England or Ireland,]

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That no Person consecrated to the Office of a Bishop in the Manner aforesaid, nor any Person deriving his Consecration from or under any Bishop so consecrated, nor any Person admitted to the Order of Deacon or Priest by any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, or by the Successor or Successors of any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, shall be thereby enabled to exercise his Office within Her Majesty's Dominions

26 5° VICTORIAE, c.6, 7.

[otherwise than according to 3&4 Vict. c. 33.]

in England or Ireland, otherwise than according to the Provisions of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make certain Provisions and Regulations in respect to the Exercise within England and Ireland of their Office by the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland; and also to extend such Provisions and Regulations to the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America; and also to make further Regulations in respect to Bishops and Clergy other than those of the United Church of England and Ireland.

[Archbishop to give a Certificate of Consecration.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Archbishop who so consecrates shall give to the Person consecrated a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, containing the Name of the Country whereof he is a Subject or Citizen, and the Name of the Church In which he is appointed Bishop; and in case of such Person being the Subject or Citizen of any Foreign Kingdom or State, then such Certificate shall further mention, that he has not taken the said Oaths, be being exempted by virtue of this Act from taking them.

[Act may be amended this Session.]

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

[5th October 1841.]

WHEREAS there are divers Laws and Enactments which have lately expired, or will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, or on some specified Day before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and there may not be sufficient Time during the present Session of Parliament for a particular Examination and due Consideration how far any of the said Laws may be fit to be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Laws expiring at the End of this Session, or on or before the 1st Jan. 1842, continued till the 31st July 1842.]

That all the Laws and Enactments in force on the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and for the Continuance of which no particular Provision has been made by any Act passed during the present Session of Parliament, and which would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, shall be and continue in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and such of the said Laws or Enactments which may have expired shall be revived and shall continue in force to all Intents and Purposes until the said Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, any thing contained in the said Laws to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Commissioners appointed under 6&7 W.4. c.71. to continue in Office only until the 31st July 1842.]

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, it was among other things enacted, that no Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or other Officer or Person appointed under the said Act, should hold his Office for a longer Period than Five Years next after the Day of the passing of the said Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that after the Expiration of the said Period of Five Years, and of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of the said Act as authorizes any such Appointment should cease: And whereas it is expedient that the said Commission should be further continued; be it enacted, That so much of the last-recited Act as is herein-before recited shall be repealed; and that no Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or other Officer or, Person so to be appointed, shall hold his Office for a longer Period than until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two; and after the said Thirty-first Day of July so much of the last-recited Act as authorizes any such Appointment shall cease.

5° VICTORIAE, c.8. 27

CAP. VIII.

An Act for funding Exchequer Bills, and for making Provision for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

[7th October 1841.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Five Millions, and to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Persons who have engaged to subscribe towards funding the Sum of Five Millions in Exchequer Bills should be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as is herein-after mentioned, subject to the Provisions of this Act: We, Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Terms for funding.]

That the several Persons, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who on or before the Twenty-seventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-one caused their Names to be inscribed in a Book opened at the Bank of England for the Purpose of funding Exchequer Bills charged on Aids or Supplies dated in March and June One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, or in any antecedent Month, provided the same have not been advertised to be paid off, and who deposited Twenty Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Exchequer Bills which they subscribed, shall, upon the Completion of the Amount subscribed by them in manner and at the Times required by this Act, be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds Principal Money contained in the Exchequer Bills so subscribed, to the Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Two Shillings Consolidated Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned.

[Future Instalments.]

II. And be it enacted, That the said several Subscribers shall deposit the future Instalments of Exchequer Bills with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Days and Times herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Eighth Day of November next, Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Twentieth Day of December next, Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and Twenty Pounds per Centum on or before the Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two: Provided always, that no Exchequer Bills shall be deposited under this Act which have been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest whereon shall have previously ceased.

[Interest on Exchequer Bills.]

III. And be it enacted, That every such Subscriber shall be entitled to receive Interest, at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, upon all Exchequer Bills deposited by them respectively at the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, in manner following; (that is to say,) upon the Amount of the Exchequer Bills deposited, for the First Instalment, every such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest from the Day of the Date of such Bills so deposited up to the Twenty-seventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-one; and for the Amount of such Exchequer Bills which shall be so deposited by any such Subscriber, for the Second and every subsequent Instalment according to the Directions of this Act, every such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest from the Day of the Date of such Bills so deposited up to the several Days upon which such Instalments respectively became due; and whenever such Payment shall be made in Money as after mentioned, every such Subscriber shall be entitled to and be allowed, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Interest at the Rate of Two-pence Farthing per Centum per Diem upon such Money so paid from the Twenty-seventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-one to the Pate of such Instalment.

5° VICTORIAE, c.8.

[Subscribers may pay Money instead of Exchequer Bills, paying 12s. per Cent, on the Money paid.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Subscriber to the said Sum of Five Millions, instead of depositing Exchequer Bills at the Bank of England, in manner aforesaid, to pay to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (who is and are hereby appointed Receiver or Receivers thereof, without any other Warrant to be made in that Behalf,) any Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Exchequer Bills, not exceeding One Half of such Subscription, upon paying an Addition of Twelve Shillings per Centum upon the Amount which such Subscriber may so pay in Money; and every Subscriber so paying Money instead of Exchequer Bills shall, for every One hundred Pounds Twelve Shillings Principal Money so paid, be entitled to the Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Two Shillings Consolidated Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence and be payable as herein mentioned.

[Interest to be allowed on Payments made in advance.]

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Subscriber to deposit Exchequer Bills, or to pay the several Instalments of their Subscriptions in Money, in advance; and in such Case, whenever Exchequer Bills shall be so deposited in advance, such Subscriber shall be entitled to and shall receive, at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, the Interest due on such Exchequer Bills, from the Day of the Date thereof up to the Day when the several Instalments respectively would have become due if such Deposit had not been made in advance; and whenever any such Payment in advance shall be made in Money, such Subscriber shall be entitled to, and shall receive or be allowed by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Interest at the Rate of Two-pence Farthing per Centum per Diem upon such Money so paid in advance, from the Day when such Payment in advance shall be made up to the Day when the Instalment in respect of which such Payment in advance shall be made would have become due if such Payment had not been made in advance.

[Guardians, &c. may subscribe Bills.]

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee to subscribe for or towards advancing any Sum under the Provisions of this Act, and such Infant, upon the Deposit of the Amount subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Subscriber within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like Manner as any other Subscriber; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so subscribed, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Exchequer Bills or Money.

[Interest on Stock.]

VII. And be it enacted, That every Person, and Body Politic and Corporate, who shall have deposited or shall deposit any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, or shall have paid or shall pay Money in lieu of such Exchequer Bills, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such Exchequer Bills, or for every One hundred Pounds Twelve Shillings paid in Money, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities herein-before mentioned; and the Interest or Dividends thereon shall be payable half-yearly at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, the first Payment to become due on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two; and every Person and Corporation entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, and every Person and Corporation lawfully claiming under him, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed, and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Stock to be placed to Credit of Subscribers in Books at Bank of England.]

VIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any Subscriber, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have deposited at the Bank of England Exchequer Bills, or shall have paid Money in lieu thereof, to the full Amount of the Sums subscribed by him, the Principal Sum in Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to which such Subscriber is entitled under the Provisions of this Act shall forthwith be entered in the Books of the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of such Subscriber, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Deposits or Payments; and the Person to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be so placed, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and

5° VICTORIAE, c.8. 29

Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Subscribers, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so deposited in Exchequer Bills or paid in Money by them respectively; and such of the said Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall complete the Deposits or Payments of such Parts of the whole Amount subscribed by them respectively towards the said Sum of Five Millions at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have prepared their Receipts according to the Directions of this Act, shall be entitled to have the Amount so deposited or paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof in the Books of the Bank of England, and such Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums deposited or paid in manner aforesaid; and such Sums shall carry the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[First Payment of Interest when to be payable.]

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Subscriber, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have deposited with or paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the whole of his Subscription on or before the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, at the Bank of England, shall be entitled to receive on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two the Half Year's Dividend on the said Annuities that shall become due on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two; and every Person who shall not have completed the whole of his Payments on or before the said Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two shall, on completing the same within the Time in this Act prescribed, be entitled to receive on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Year's Dividend on the said Annuities, from the Fifth Day of Judy One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[Annuities charged on Consolidated Fund.]

X. And be it enacted, That all the Dividends and Interest on the Annuities which shall become payable under this Act shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and so much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the Dividends and Interest on the Annuities to be created under this Act, with the Charges attending the same.

[Payment of Dividends.]

XI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed or shall cease, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and so much of the Monies by this Act appropriated for the Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Dividends and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and

30 5° VICTORIAE, c.8.

upon Account, for the Payment of the Dividends respectively payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

[Receipts to be assignable.]

XII. And be it enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the said Subscription towards the said Sum of Five Millions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Subscriber for the Principal Money comprised in the Exchequer Bills deposited by him, or for the Sum of Money paid in lieu thereof, and the Receipt so to be given shall be assignable at any Time before the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and no longer, and shall from Time to Time deliver to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills all the Exchequer Bills which shall be so deposited as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest, and shall account for the same in the said Exchequer according to the due Course thereof.

[Subscribers Names to be entered in a Book at Bank of England.]

XIII. And be it enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Subscribers shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books the said respective Subscribers, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and inspect, without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Comptroller General of the Receipt and Issue of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, there to remain for ever.

[Subscribers duly paying in Sum subscribed to be entitled to Annuities hereby granted.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That such Subscribers duly depositing or paying in the whole Sum so subscribed at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever:

[Subscribers not paying up Sums subscribed, their Deposits to be forfeited.]

Provided always, that in case any such Subscribers who have already deposited with or shall hereafter deposit or pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Exchequer Bills, or any Sum of Money in lieu thereof, at the Time and in manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and deposit and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed as shall have been actually deposited or paid in part thereof to the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities in respect thereof shall be extinguished, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Consols to be One Capital Stock.]

XV. And be it enacted, That all the Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities created by virtue of this Act shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall from Time to Time be added to and shall form Part of, the Capital of the Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same at the Rate aforesaid; and the whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportionable Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

5° VICTORIAE, c.8. 31

[Books for Transfers.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed under this Act shall be entered and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, but no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Annuities shall be entered in the Books of the said Office; and in default of such Transfer or Devise such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Annuities shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Bills to be cancelled.]

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills so deposited or to be deposited according to the Directions of this Act with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be from Time to Time transmitted by the said Governor and Company, and delivered over to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, to be cancelled, and the Receipt for such Exchequer Bills, signed by the said Paymasters, shall be a sufficient Acquittance to the said Cashier or Cashiers in accounting for the Exchequer Bills to be received by them in pursuance of this Act; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bill, to mark and cancel the same, and to pay the Interest thereupon according to the Provisions of this Act.

[Cashier of Bank to pay Monies into Exchequer.]

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from Time to Time, as the same may be received, duly account for, and pay over to the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, all the Monies which he shall have already received or shall hereafter receive in pursuance of this Act, within Five Days at the farthest after he shall have received the same, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Account.

[Bank to certify Amount of Bills funded and of stock created.]

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall certify to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Amount of all Exchequer Bills subscribed to be funded, and all Sums of Money subscribed to be paid, under the Provisions of this Act, and also the Amount of the Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities which shall be created by virtue of this Act.

[Payment for incident Charges and to Bank for services performed.]

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, shall have Power, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to make an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General for performing the Trusts reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

[Appropriation of Money payments.]

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as may be so subscribed and paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer by virtue of this Act to such Services as shall have been granted in this Session of Parliament.

32 5° VICTORIAE, c.8.

[Exchequer Bills may be issued or Stock created to pay Supplies and Interest of Bills.]

XXII. And whereas the Services which have been granted in this Session of Parliament, and the Interest which it is estimated will become payable on Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids or Supplies of the present Year, amount together to the Sum of Two millions four hundred and sixty-seven thousand four hundred and thirty-two Pounds; be it enacted, That, in order to provide for the Payment of the said Services and Interest, it Shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or the Creation of Consolidated Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to raise a greater Sum, by the Issue of Exchequer Bills, or by the Creation of Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforesaid, than may be sufficient to complete the Difference between the Monies so subscribed and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, and the Sum necessary to discharge the said Services and Interest.

[Issue of Exchequer Bills to be as if included in Act of this Session.]

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Exchequer Bills which may be issued by virtue of this Act shall be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in such and the like Manner, and under the like Rules and Directions, as if the same had been authorized to be made out by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament for raising the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

[48 G. 3. c. 1.]

intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills) and also in the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills which may be made forth by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Stock created.]

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands, from Time to Time to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to direct their Accountant General or Deputy Accountant to enter and place to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt any Amount of Consolidated Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, not exceeding the Sum authorized to be created by this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, the first half-yearly Payment of the Dividends whereof shall commence from the Day on which the last half-yearly Dividends were due and payable on the said Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall, upon receiving Directions to that Effect from the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, sell or dispose of the Whole or any Part of the said Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities so authorized to be created by this Act, and the Monies arising from such Sale or Disposal shall be paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied to such Services as shall have been granted in this Session of Parliament.

[Three Commissioners of the Treasury may act.]

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Matters and Things hereby authorized or required to be done by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may be done by any Three or more of the said Commissioners.

[Punishment for Forgery of Receipts, &c.]

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Subscription towards the said Sum of Five Millions, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Subscriber or Subscribers thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever,

5° VICTORIAE, c. 8, 9. 33

every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[7 W. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 64.]

intituled An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery.

[Bank to continue a Corporation.]

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation or the Purposes of this Act until the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

[No Fee for Payments.]

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of Her Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Subscription in Exchequer Bills or any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

[General Issue.]

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, hver, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. IX.

An Act to provide for Payment of the Persons employed in taking Account of the Population in England.

[7th October 1841.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled

[3 & 4 Vict. c. 99.]

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, it is among other things provided, that the Justices of the Peace in England, at their respective Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, or at the Quarter Sessions following, shall allow to the several Enumerators, Registrars, and Superintendent Registrars the Allowances to which they shall be entitled according to the Table of Allowances to be made according to the Provisions of the said Act, and shall order Payment thereof to be made out of the Poor's Rates of the several Parishes and Places, in such Proportion as to them shall seem just, which Payment shall thereafter be allowed in the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor: And whereas it is expedient that other Provisions should be made for Payment of the said Allowances: Be it

enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

34 5° VICTORIAE, c.9,10.

[Repeal of Part of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 99.]

by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited shall be repealed.

[Manner in which the Payments shall be made to Persons employed in the Execution of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 99. in England.]

II. And be it enacted, That upon the Production of the Certificates mentioned in the said Act, that the Duties required by the said Act have been in each Case faithfully performed, the Guardians of the Poor, or where there are no such Guardians, the Overseers of the Poor, in every Superintendent Registrar's District in England, shall pay to such Superintendent Registrar, out of the Monies in their Hands as such Guardians or Overseers, the whole Amount of the Allowances to which the said Superintendent Registrar and the Registrars and Enumerators in that District are severally entitled, and each Superintendent Registrar shall pay over to the Registrars in his District the Allowances to which the said Registrars and Enumerators are entitled, and each Registrar shall pay over to the Enumerators in his District the Allowances to which they are severally entitled, according to the said Table; and the Receipts to be given by the Enumerators, Registrars, and the Superintendent Registrars, for Payment of their said Allowances, shall be finally delivered to the Guardians or Overseers, as the Case may be;

[Apportionment of Payments where more than One Parish in a District.]

and where the District of any Superintendent Registrar, Registrar, or Enumerator contains more than One Parish or Place, or Parts of more than One Parish or Place, the Guardians established under an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

[4&5 W.4. c.76.]

intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, or if there be no such Guardians the Superintendent Registrar, shall apportion the whole Sum so paid or to be paid on account of that District among the several Parishes and Places of which any Part is within such District, in such Manner as to them or him shall seem just; and such Apportionment shall be binding upon all Persons, and the Payment thereof shall be allowed in the Accounts of the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes and Places;

[As to extra-parochial Places.]

and in every extra-parochial or other Place not having Overseers of the Poor the Persons appointed to collect the County or Borough Rates therein shall be deemed Overseers of the Poor within the Meaning of this Act, and shall pay the Amount charged to the Account of such Place under the Provisions of the first-recited Act and of this Act to the Guardians of the Union in which such Place is situated, or, if it be not situated in any Union, to the Superintendent Registrar, out of the next Monies in their Hands collected for the County or Borough Rate within such Place, and shall be allowed such Payment in their Accounts; and if there be any extra-parochial Place in which no County or Borough Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, is collected, the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, or Borough, shall pay the Amount charged to the Account of such Place out of the Monies in his Hands as such Treasurer, and shall be allowed such Payment in his Account.

[Guardians, &c. making Payments to certify same to Population Commissioners.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Guardians, Overseers, or Treasurer by whom any such Payment shall have been made shall within One Calendar Month thereafter certify to the Commissioners for taking Account of the Population the Amount of Money so paid by them or him respectively.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

[7th October 1841.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

[4&5 W.4. c.76.]

intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, Provisions were made for the Appointment of Poor Law Commissioners, Assistant Commissioners, Secretaries, and other Officers, and for their Continuance in Office until the End of the Session of Parliament held next after the

5° VICTORIAE, c.10, 11. 85

Fourteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine; and by another Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Provision was made for their further Continuance in Office until the Fourteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Provision was made for their further Continuance in Office until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one; and it is expedient further to continue such Provisions: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Poor Law Commission &c. further continued in Office till 31st July 1842.]

That every Poor Law Commissioner appointed by His late Majesty, or appointed or to be appointed by Her Majesty the Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, and every Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, and other Officer and Person duly appointed by the Poor Law Commissioners, shall be empowered (unless he shall previously resign or be removed) to hold his Office, and exercise the Powers thereof, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two; and until the Expiration of the said Period it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, at pleasure, to remove any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and upon every or any Vacancy in the Number of Commissioners, either by Removal, or by Death or otherwise, to appoint, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, some other fit Person to the said Office, and until such Appointment it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Commissioner or Commissioners to act as if no such Vacancy had occurred.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th October 1841.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Treasury may cause 10,626,350l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.]

That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

[The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act.]

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Act shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

36 5° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

[Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to Services voted by the Commons.]

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Excbe-quer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

[Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon Supplies of next Session.]

IV. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be paid' and discharged by and out of any Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

[Interest on Exchequer Bills.]

V. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster.

[Exchequer Bills to be current to all Receivers, &c. and at the Bank.]

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may, from and after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be received and taken and shall pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due, or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England, to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause, or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

[Bank of England may advance 10,626,350l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.]

VII. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Bates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Monies coming into the Exchequer by 5 Vict. c.8., and 10,626,350l. by this Act, to be applied as hereafter expressed.]

VIII. And be it enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Great Britain by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for funding Exchequer Bills, and for making Provision for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and also the Sum of Ten millions six hundred twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

[There shall be applied 131,681l. for Army Services; viz.]

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-one thousand six hundred and eighty-one Pounds for and towards the Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned;

[106,678l. for Commissariat Supplies;]

(that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and six thousand six hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Department to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[25,003l. for Commissariat Half Pay, &c.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand and three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Pensions, and Allowances in the Commissariat Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

[There shall be issued 67,744l. for Ordnance Services; viz.]

X. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-

5° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 37

seven thousand seven hundred and forty-four Pounds, for and towards the Ordnance Services herein-after more particularly mentioned;

[24,772l. for Ordnance Works &c.;]

(that is to say) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds, on account of Ordnance Works and Repairs, Canada Extraordinaries, Storekeepers Expenditure, Building and Repair of Barracks, and Barrack Masters Expenditure, in the United Kingdom and Colonies, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one - forty-two;

[39,198l. for civil Contingencies in the Colonies;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand one hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Civil Contingencies in the Colonies, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one - forty-two;

[3,184l. for Ordnance Stores;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and eighty-four Pounds, on account of Ordnance Stores, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one - forty-two;

[590l. for a Military Superannuated Allowance.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred and ninety Pounds, for defraying the Charge of a Military Superannuated Allowance in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one - forty-two.

[There shall be applied 10,626,350l. to pay off outstanding Exchequer Bills;]

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten millions six hundred twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to make good the Deficiency of the Grant of the last Session of Parliament for paying off and discharging the outstanding Exchequer Bills granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one-forty-two.

[There shall be applied 54,000l. for Expences in Canada.]

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expences of the Service in Canada consequent upon the late Insurrection in that Colony.

[There shall be applied 2,930l. for Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, &c.;]

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, and of the Lighthouses there, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,024l. 10s. for ditto of the Bermudas;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and twenty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,535l. for ditto of Prince Edward's Island;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Prince Edward's Island, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[5,440l. for ditto on the Western Coast of Africa;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,549l. 10s. for Western Australia;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Settlement of Western Australia, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[5,795l. for British North American Provinces;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand seven hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[9,447l. 10s. for Indian Department in the Canadas;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand four hundred and forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Lower and Upper Canada, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[9,333l. 10s. for West India Colonies;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in Her Majesty's West India Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[511l. 10s. for Heligoland;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred and eleven Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Civil Establishment of Heligoland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[5,750l. for St. Helena;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete

38 5° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment at Saint Helena, and of Pensions and Allowances to the Civil and Military Officers of the East India Company's late Establishment in that Island, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[200l. for Sable Island, Nova Scotia;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Establishment at Sable Island, Nova Scotia, for the Relief of shipwrecked Persons, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,000l. for New Zealand;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences of the Settlement of New Zealand, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,211l. 10s. for Port Essington;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and eleven Pounds Ten Shillings, towards defraying the Charge of the Settlement at Port Essington, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-one;

[1,000l. for the Falkland Islands.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment at the Falkland Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

[There shall be issued 24,896l. to make good Supplies granted last Session;]

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to make good the Supplies which were granted in the last Session of Parliament;

[60,000l, for Civil Contingencies;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Civil Contingencies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[51,654l. 10s. for Repairs of Public Buildings and Furniture of Public Offices;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-one thousand six hundred and fifty four Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Expence of Works and Repairs of Public Buildings, and for Furniture, &c. for various Public Departments, for certain Charges for lighting and watching, and for Rates and Taxes, also for the Maintenances and Repairs of Royal Palaces and Works in the Royal Gardens heretofore charged upon the Civil List;

[5,000l. for Kingstown Harbour;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of Works and Repairs at the Harbour of Kingstown, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,680l. 10s. for Holyhead Roads, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Improvement of the Holyhead and Liverpool Hoad, Holyhead Harbour, and the Shrewsbury and Holyhead Road, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[21,202l. for new Buildings at the British Museum;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand two hundred and two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of Fittings and Works at the new Buildings at the British Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[4,184l. 10s. for providing temporary Accommodation for Houses of Parliament;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand one hundred and eighty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of providing temporary Accommodation for the Houses of Parliament, Committee Rooms, Offices, and temporary Official Residences for the Speaker of the House of Commons and other Officers of that House, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[15,406l. for erecting New Houses of Parliament;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Expence of the Works at the New Houses of Parliament;

[15,000l. for Model Prison;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, for the Completion of the Model Prison;

[2,500l. for Prison at Perth;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Buildings of the General Prison at Perth;

[844/. 10s. for the Museum of Economic Geology;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and forty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, for the Expences of the Museum of Economic Geology, to the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,500l. for erecting a Hall at Edinburgh;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, the Expence of erecting a Hall for the Use of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland at Edinburgh;

[29,000l. for Expences of both Houses of Parliament;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Salaries and Expences of the Two Houses of Parliament,

5° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 39

and of Allowances to Retired Officers of the Two Houses, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[26,300l. for Salaries, &c. at the Treasury;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries, contingent and other Expences, of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[10,750l. for Salaries, &c. in the Home Department;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[44,000l. for Salaries, &c. in the Foreign Department;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-four thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and also of the Foreign Messengers attached to the Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[10,000l. for Salaries, &c. in the Colonial Department;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[15,750l. for Salaries, &c. at the Privy Council, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Departments of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and Committee of Privy Council for Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,000l. for Lord Privy Seal;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[17,473l. 10s. for Office of the Paymaster General;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand four hundred and seventy-three Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Office of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[8,785l. for Comptroller General of Exchequer, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and contingent Expences in the Departments of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, and the Paymaster of Civil Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,003l. for certain Professors at Oxford and Cambridge;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Allowances granted to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[6,679l. for Insolvent Debtors Court;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand six hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Insolvent Debtors Court, of their Clerks, and the contingent Expences of the Court and Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, also of the Expences attendant upon the Circuit;

[9,722l. for Penitentiary, Milbank;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand seven hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the General Penitentiary at Milbank, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,092l. 10s. for Parkhurst Prison;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand and ninety-two Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Prison for Juvenile Offenders at Parkhurst in the Isle of Wight, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,141l. for State Paper Office;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and forty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,500l. for Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[29,077l. 10s. for the Poor Law Commissioners;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand and seventy-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Commissioners for carrying into execution the Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, and the Act for the Relief of the Destitute Poor in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[8,250l. for Commissioners for preventing the Slave Trade;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One

40 5° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Salaries and incidental Expences of the Commissioners appointed on the Part of Her Majesty under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for preventing the illegal Traffic in Slaves;

[56,796l. for Salaries of Consuls, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-six thousand seven hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Charge of the Salaries of Her Majesty's Consuls General, Consuls, and Vice Consuls abroad, and of the Superintendents of Trade in China, also of the contingent Expences of such Consuls General, Consuls, and Vice Consuls, and Superintendents of Trade in China;

[4,500l. for Salaries, &c. of Factory Inspectors;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Inspectors and Superintendents of Factories, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,100l. for Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Prisons;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Inspectors of Prisons, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[15,700l. for the Mint;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand seven hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenditure of the Mint, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,500l. for Commission on Employment of Children in Mines, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expences of the Commission respecting the Employment of Children in Mines and Collieries, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[41,000l. for Retired Allowances to Public Officers;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Offices or Departments, or in the Public Service, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,250l. for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to enable Her Majesty to grant Relief, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers Widows, Saint Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty, and who, for Services performed or Losses sustained in the British Service, have special Claims on Her Majesty's Justice and Liberality;

[925l. for National Vaccine Institution;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the National Vaccine Institution, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one;

[1,500l. for Refuge for the Destitute;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, towards the Support of the Refuge for the Destitute, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one;

[1,695l. for Criminal Lunatics;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics in Bethlem Hospital, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,950l. for Protestant Dissenting Ministers, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the usual Allowances to Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England, poor French Refugee Clergy, poor French Refugee Laity, and sundry small charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin's in the Fields and others;

[19,600l. for Foreign and Secret Services;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand six hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[103,747l. for Stationery, &c. for Government Departments;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and three thousand seven hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of providing Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Departments of Government in England, Scotland, Ireland, and the Colonies, and for providing Stationery, Binding, Printing, and Paper for printing for the Twro Houses of Parliament, including the Expence of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[14,000l. for Law Charges;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of Law Charges, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[39,440l. for Convict Hulk Establishment at home and at Bermuda;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Convict Hulk Establishment at home and at Bermuda, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight

5° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 41

hundred and forty-two;

[132,500l. for Convicts at New South Wales, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and thirty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of maintaining Convicts at New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[12,500l. for Support of captured Negroes, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray Expences for the Support of captured Negroes and liberated Africans under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[5,169l. for Public Reoords;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand one hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries of the Persons employed in the Care and Arrangement of the Public Records, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and the Compensations to Keepers of Records and others whose Offices have been abolished;

[15,000l for Public Education;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for Public Education in Great Britain;

[2,660l for London University;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred sixty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expences of the University of London, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[795l. for School of Design;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expences of the School of Design, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one — two;

[14,500l. for Revising Barristers under 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 45.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Allowances and Expences of the Barristers employed in revising Lists of Voters under the Act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales;

[6,150l. for Expences of Sheriffs, and Salaries, &c. of Officers of the Exchequer;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Expences incurred by Sheriffs formerly paid from Civil Contingencies, also to make good Officers of the the Deficiency of the Fees of the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, and to pay the Salaries and ancient Allowances of certain Officers of the Court of Exchequer;

[73,500l. for Charges hitherto paid out of County Rates;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-three thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, certain Charges heretofore paid out of County Rates;

[6,000l. for Polish Refugees;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,540l. for British Museum;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and forty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to purchase certain Manuscripts and Collections of Coins;

[56,8557 for Compensation to certain British Subjects;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-six thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to pay Compensation to certain British Subjects for Losses sustained by the Confiscation of Book Debts and Merchandize on shore by the Spanish Government, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four;

[25,000l. for Steam to India;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of Steam Communication to India by way of the Red Sea, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[29,350l. for Salaries, &c. of Justices in West Indies, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West Indies, Mauritius, and Cape of Good Hope, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[15,000l. for Education of emancipated Negro Population;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray such Expences as Her Majesty may incur in aiding the local Legislatures in providing for the Religious and Moral Instruction of the emancipated Negro Population;

[3,326l. for Colonial Land and Emigration Board;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand three hundred and twenty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray a Portion of the Charge of the Colonial Land and Emigration Board, and also the of the Agents for Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[19,987l. for Expedition to the Niger;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand nine hundred and eighty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expences of the Expedition to the Niger, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[5,000l. for Public Walks;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to

42 5° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

complete the Sum necessary to enable Her Majesty to issue Money in aid of local Subscriptions towards defraying the Expence of forming Public Walks in the Neighbourhood of large Towns;

[5,000l. for Schools of Design;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Establishment of Schools of Design in Provincial Towns, in aid of local Subscriptions for that Purpose;

[1,750l. for Pictures for National Gallery;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for the Purchase of Pictures for the National Gallery, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one;

[2,250l. for Lighthouses on Morant Point and at Bermuda;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of a Lighthouse to be erected on Morant Point, Jamaica, also on account of a Lighthouse to be erected at Bermuda;

[10,000l. for Census, Ireland;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences to be incurred for the Census of the Population of Ireland;

[37,150l. for Law Expences, &c. in Scotland.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, Law Expences, Grants to Scottish Universities, and other Charges formerly paid out of the Hereditary Revenues in Scotland, and not provided for out of Her Majesty's Civil List, nor out of the Consolidated Fund.

[There shall be issued 25,000l. for Education, Ireland;]

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or auy the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to issue the Sums necessary for the Advancement of Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[4,793l. for Foundling Hospital, Dublin;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand seven hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[7,846l. 10s. for H. of Industry, &c. Dublin;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the House of Industry in Dublin, the Lunatic Department, the Four General Hospitals, and the Dispensary attached, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[500l. for Female Orphan House;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Circular Road, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,250l. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[500l. for Lying-in Hospital, Dublin;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[750l. for Dr. Stevens' Hospital;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of Doctor Stevens' Hospital in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,900l. for Fever Hospital, &c. Dublin;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand nine hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[250l. for Hospital for Incurables;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Hospital for Incurables, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[4,464l. for Roman Catholic College;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and sixty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Roman Catholic College, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[150l. for Royal Irish Academy;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Irish Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[150l. for Royal Hibernian Academy;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[350l. for Commissioners of Charitable Donations, Ireland;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[975l. for Royal Belfast Academical Institution.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred

5° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 43

and seventy-five Pounds, towards defraying the Salaries and Expences of the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

[There shall be issued 8,250l. for Public Buildings, Ireland;]

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of repairing and maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, also for Repairs to Donaghadee Harbour;

[12,542l. 10s. for Departments of Chief Secretary to Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, &c.;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand five hundred and forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Departments of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, also the Expence of Printing for the Public Offices in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[6,252l. for Salaries of Lord Lieutenant's Household;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand two hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries for the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,369l. 10s. for Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Office of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[2,075l. for printing Proclamations and Statutes;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and seventy-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for publishing Proclamations and printing the Statutes in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[17,453l. 10s. for Dissenting Ministers;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand four hundred and fifty-three Pounds Ten Shillings to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[51,000l. for Criminal Prosecutions, &c.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[19,050l. for the Police of Dublin;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Public Offices and Metropolitan Police of Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,392l. for Board of Public Works;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred and ninety-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Board of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[3,500l. for Townland Survey of Ireland;]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expence of the Townland Survey of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two;

[1,459l. 10s. for Improvement of the River Shannon.]

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and fifty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Expences of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the River Shannon, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

[Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.]

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatever other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

