A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

Twentieth and Twenty-first Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the SEVENTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1857.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the FIRST Session of the SEVENTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

20° & 21° VICT.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act for the Amendment of the Cinque Ports Act. 3

II. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal. 5

III. An Act to amend the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation. 9

IV. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven. 13

V. An Act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives. 17

VI. An Act to alter the Constitution and amend the Procedure of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland. 21

VII. An Act to revive and amend certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the Appointment, in certain Cases, of Collectors to levy the Charges and Expenses of additional Constabulary appointed under the Act 19 and 20 Vict. c. 36. 25

VIII. An Act to amend the Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 11., with a view to the Abolition of Ministers Money in Ireland. 29

IX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 33

X. An Act to amend the Charter of Incorporation granted to the Borough of Hanley in the County of Stafford. 37

XI. An Act to amend "The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1854." 41

XII. An Act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of Denmark. 45

XIII. An Act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases. 49

XIV. An Act to amend the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856. 53

XV. An Act to amend the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. 65

XVI. An Act to discontinue the Toll on the Turnpike Roads now existing in Ireland, and to provide for the Maintenance of such Roads as public Roads, and for the Discharge of the Debts due thereon, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 69

XVII. An Act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland. 93

XVIII. An Act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber in Scotland. 97

XIX. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Law of Bankruptcy and Real Securities in Scotland. 101

XX. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 105

XXI. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 109

XXII. An Act to apply the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Parish of Aldershot, and to constitute a Local Board of Health therein. 113

XXIII. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to sell Mill Sites and Water Power, notwithstanding Final Award, in any Drainage or Navigation District. 117

XXIV. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. 121

XXV. An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty concerning the University of Oxford and the College of St. Mary Winchester, and further to amend the said Act. 125

XXVI. An Act to provide for the Registration of Long Leases in Scotland, and Assignations thereof. 129

XXVII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Caledonian and Crinan Canals, and to make further Provision for the Accommodation of the Traffic thereon. 141

XXVIII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Payment of the Land and Assessed Taxes and Property and Income Tax in Scotland. 149

XXIX. An Act to render valid certain Marriages in Christ Church, West Hartlepool, in the Parish of Stranton in the County of Durham. 153

XXX. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to purchase certain Lands in the Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, and to stop up, divert, or alter certain Ways in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 157

XXXI. An Act to amend and explain the Inclosure Acts. 169

XXXII. An Act for the better Supply of Water for the Use of Vessels resorting to the Harbour of Reluge at Portland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to supply such Water; for vesting in the said Commissioners certain Lands belonging to Her Majesty; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 177

XXXIII. An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Ireland. 185

XXXIV. An Act to explain an Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick. 189

XXXV. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, so far as relates to the City of London and the Liberties thereof. 193

XXXVI. An Act to supply an Omission in a Schedule to the Act to amend the Acts relating to County Courts. 197

XXXVII. An Act to repeal the Twenty-seventh Section of the Superannuation Act, 1834. 201

XXXVIII. An Act to continue the General Board of Health. 205

XXXIX. An Act to regulate the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors of Colonial Courts in Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England, in certain Cases. 209

XL. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland; and to constitute the Constabulary Force Officers of Customs for certain Purposes. 213

XLI. An Act to revive and continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. 217

XLII. An Act to amend "The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855." 221

XLIII. An Act to improve the Administration of the Law so far as respects summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace. 225

XLIV. An Act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the Instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts of Scotland. 233

XLV. An Act to make further Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for public Purposes. 237

XLVI. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. 241

XLVII. An Act to enable Ecclesiastical Persons in Ireland to grant Building Leases of Glebe Lands in certain Cases. 277

XLVIII. An Act to make better Provision for the Care and Education of vagrant, destitute, and disorderly Children, and for the Extension of Industrial Schools. 281

XLIX. An Act to amend the Law relating to Banking Companies. 293

L. An Act to amend the Acts concerning Municipal Corporations in England. 301

LI. An Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand. 305

LII. An Act for discharging Claims of the New Zealand Company on the Proceeds of Sales of Waste Lands in New Zealand. 309

LIII. An Act to amend the Act for granting a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand. 313

LIV. An Act to make better Provision for the Punishment of Frauds committed by Trustees, Bankers, and other Persons intrusted with Property. 317

LV. An Act to promote the Establishment and Extension of Reformatory Schools in England. 321

LVI. An Act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland. 329

LVII. An Act to enable Married Women to dispose of Reversionary Interests in Personal Estate. 333

LVIII. An Act to amend the Act, Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland. 337

LIX. An Act concerning the Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland. 341

LX. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland. 345

LXI. An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs and Excise. 477

LXII. An Act for the Alteration and Amendment of the Laws and Duties of Customs. 481

LXIII. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Magistrates and Town Council of Dunbar, for the Purpose of improving the Victoria Harbour of Dunbar. 489

LXIV. An Act for raising a Sum of Money for building and improving Stations of the Metropolitan Police, and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. 493

LXV. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 501

LXVI. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service. 521

LXVII. An Act to extend the Time for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to complete Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace. 561

LXVIII. An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Revising Barristers for the Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin. 565

LXIX. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 569

LXX. An Act to provide for the Extension of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as voters for Municipal Purposes. 605

LXXI. An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums in Scotland. 609

LXXII. An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland. 665

LXXIII. An Act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland. 693

LXXIV. An Act to continue the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. 697

LXXV. An Act to confirm an Order in Council concerning the Exercise of Jurisdiction in Matters arising within the Kingdom of Siam. 701

LXXVI. An Act further to continue for a limited Time the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts. 705

LXXVII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England. 709

LXXVIII. An Act to amend the Act Seven and Eight Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eleven, for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements, and also the "Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849." 749

LXXIX. An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland. 757

LXXX. An Act to amend "The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856." 793

LXXXI. An Act to amend the Burial Acts. 797

LXXXII. An Act to authorize the Embodying of the Militia. 809

LXXXIII. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles. 813

LXXXIV. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, with certain Alterations. 817

LXXXV. An Act to amend the Law relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England. 845

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money. 3

ii. An Act to incorporate a Company for supplying Gas to Chepstow and the Neighbourhood. 9

iii. An Act for granting further Powers to "the Reversionary Interest Society." 25

iv. An Act to incorporate the Proprietors of the Guildford Waterworks; and to confer further Powers for the Supply of Water to the Borough of Guildford. 29

v. An Act to amend "The Inverness and Nairn Railway Act, 1854;" to enable the Inverness and Nairn Railway Company to create a Preference Stock, and to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes. 45

vi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of South Shields and Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham. 65

vii. An Act for more effectually supplying with Gas the Town and Borough of Sunderland and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham. 81

viii. An Act for enabling the South Devon Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes. 97

ix. An Act for the Regulation of certain Public Sufferance Wharves in the Port of London known as "Meriton's Sufferance Wharf" and "Hagen's Sufferance Wharf." 113

x. An Act for regulating the Capital of the Bedale and Railway Company, and for other Purposes. 121

xi. An Act to make further Provision for supplying with Water the City of Chester and Suburbs thereof. 129

xii. An Act to incorporate the Guildford Gaslight and Coke Company, and to confer upon them further Powers for the Supply of Gas to Guildford and the Vicinity. 157

xiii. An Act to enable the Great Western and Brentford Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes. 177

xiv. An Act to enable the Peebles Railway Company to create additional Shares in their Undertaking; and for other Purposes. 185

xv. An Act for incorporating the Willenhall Gas Company, and for other Purposes. 193

xvi. An Act to authorize the Saint Helens Canal and Railway Company to increase and regulate their Capital, and for other Purposes relating to the Company. 209

xvii. An Act to alter the borrowing Powers of the Tralee and Killamey Railway Company. 213

xviii. An Act for enabling the Portsmouth Railway Company to execute certain Works in connexion with their Railway; and for other Purposes. 217

xix. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to cancel unissued and forfeited Shares, to create new Shares in lieu thereof, and raise authorized Capital; and for other Purposes. 225

xx. An Act for supplying the Burgh of Dumbarton and Places adjacent with Water; for embanking and reclaiming the Broad Meadow there; and for extending the Municipal Boundaries of the said Burgh. 237

xxi. An Act to amend an Act made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and watching and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same, and to make more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes. 269

xxii. An Act to grant further Powers to "The Hove, and Preston Constant Service Waterworks Company," and to amend the Act relating to the Company. 273

xxiii. An Act for conferring upon the Calcutta and South-eastern Railway Company certain Powers. 277

xxiv. An Act to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for Parts of the Exeter and Exmouth Railway. 285

xxv. An Act for more effectually empowering the United General Gaslight Company to light the City of Cork and the Suburbs thereof with Gas. 289

xxvi. An Act to establish Markets and Fairs in the Parish of Kidsgrove in the County of Stafford. 297

xxvii. An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of "The Waterford and Tramore Railway Act, 1851," to revive and extend their Powers and increase their Capital; and for other Purposes. 305

xxviii. An Act for constructing and maintaining a Pier at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, to be called "The Great Yarmouth Britannia Pier." 313

xxix. An Act to confirm the Incorporation of the Undertaking of the Dublin and Bray Railway Company with that of the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company, to dissolve the former Company, and to extend the Railway in the City of Dublin. 333

xxx. An Act for regulating the Markets and Fairs in Bridgwater; and for other Purposes. 345

xxxi. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Wilmslow and Lawton Turnpike Road in the County of Chester. 353

xxxii. An Act to enable the Fraserburgh Harbour Commissioners to purchase Lands and to borrow a further Sum of Money. 365

xxxiii. An Act for amalgamating the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company with the North-eastern Railway Company, and for vesting the Undertaking of the former Company in that of the latter; and for other Purposes. 377

xxxiv. An Act to cancel certain forfeited Shares in the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway Company, and to enable the Company to create new and additional Shares; and for other Purposes. 393

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Glasgow Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes. 401

xxxvi. An Act for uniting the Offices of Minister and Chaplain of Saint Philip's Church in Liverpool. 409

xxxvii. An Act for the Improvement of Landport and Southsea, and the Neighbourhoods, in the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, in the County of Southampton. 417

xxxviii. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cardigan to provide a Market House, and establish and regulate Markets and Fairs; and to regulate the Supply of Water within the Borough; and to pave, light, cleanse, regulate, and improve the Borough; and for other Purposes. 453

xxxix. An Act to repeal the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Bridge and Ferries across the River Wear in the Borough of Sunderland, and to grant further Powers for the Maintenance and Improvement of such Bridge and Ferries, and the Approaches and Landing Places connected therewith, or for the Erection of a new Bridge in lieu of the existing Bridge across such River. 485

xl. An Act for making a Railway commencing by a Junction with the Haggarleazes Branch of the Stockton and Darlington Railway near the Lands Colliery in the County of Durham, and terminating by a Junction with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at or near Tebay in the County of Westmoreland; and for making Arrangements with the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company; and for other Purposes. 509

xli. An Act for making a Railway from the Llantrissant Station of the South Wales Railway to Penrhiwfer in the Parish of Llantrissant in the County of Glamorgan, with Branches to Glanmychydd and Mynydd Gellyrhaidd, both in the said Parish of Llantrissant. 529

xlii. An Act to enable the New River Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to construct other Sewers at Hertford, and to amend the Acts relating to the Company. 545

xliii. An Act to authorize the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company to convert Loans into Debenture Stock, to raise further Capital, to arrange with Holders of Shares or Stock for Conversion thereof into other Shares or Stock; and for other Purposes. 557

xliv. An Act for the Mansfield and Worksop Turnpike Road in the County of Nottingham. 565

xlv. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton. 577

xlvi. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make a Branch from their Bishop Auckland Branch Railway to the Conside Ironworks, to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes. 601

xlvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Ipswich. 617

xlviii. An Act for making a Bridge over the River Wye, near to the Even Pitt Ferry, and Approaches thereto; for discontinuing and regulating Ferries near to the Bridge; and for other Purposes. 629

xlix. An Act for making a Railway from the Deeside Railway at Banchory to Charleston of Aboyne. 649

l. An Act to incorporate a Company for extending the Banff, Macduff, and Turriff Junction Railway from to and Macduff. 665

li. An Act to extend the Time for making the Cork and Youghal Railway, and to vary the borrowing Powers of the Company. 685

lii. An Act to unite and amalgamate the Stockton New Gas Company and the Stockton Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and to authorize the united Company to raise additional Capital, and to sell their Undertaking to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton; and for other Purposes. 689

iiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Grange Station of the Great North of Scotland Railway to the Harbour of Banff, with a Branch to the Harbour of Portsoy. 721

liv. An Act for making Railways between the City of Bristol and the South Wales Railway in the County of Monmouth, with a Steam Ferry across the River Severn in connexion therewith, for the Purpose of improving the Railway Communication between South Wales and Bristol, Southampton, and the South-western Districts of England. 741

lv. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Newcastle-under-Lyme and Leek Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 765

lvi. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to, through, and from the Towns of Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary, in the County of Somerset, and for making and improving other Roads in the said County, and granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof, and for making and improving new Lines of Road. 781

lvii. An Act for authorizing the Lowestoft Water, Gas, and Market Company to make additional Waterworks and raise additional Capital, and to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes. 797

lviii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Shrewsbury and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Salop. 809

lix. An Act for incorporating the Burslem and Tunstall Gaslight Company and extending their Powers, and for authorizing additional Works, and the raising of further Moneys; and for other Purposes. 825

lx. An Act for making a Railway from Lewes to Uckfield, all in the County of Sussex. 841

lxi. An Act to authorize the Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor Railway Company to extend their Railway at Newry and at Warrenpoint, and to enter into Arrangements with the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company. 857

lxii. An Act to dissolve the Mallow and Fermoy Railway Company, and to transfer all the Powers of that Company for making and maintaining the Mallow and Fermoy Railway to the Great Southern and Western Railway Company. 873

lxiii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bury, and other Townships and Places in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster. 881

lxiv. An Act to extend the Time for the Completion of the Cannock Mineral Railway. 905

lxv. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Selby and Market Weighton Turnpike Road in the East Riding of the County of York; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 909

lxvi. An Act for authorizing the West Somerset Mineral Railway Company to make the Minehead Extension and the Cleeve Branch; and for other Purposes. 925

lxvii. An Act to incorporate the Stratford-upon-Avon Gas Company. 949

lxviii. An Act for granting additional Powers to "The Australian Agricultural Company." 961

lxix. An Act for enabling the Penarth Harbour, Dock, and Railway Company (heretofore called "The Ely Tidal Harbour and Railway Company") to construct Railways to and a Dock and other Works on or adjoining the South-west Bank of the River Ely, and for other Purposes. 973

lxx. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist (including Margate) and Saint Peter the Apostle (including Broadstairs) in the County of Kent. 1001

lxxi. An Act to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to the River Tyne, and to enable the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to construct Docks at Coble Dean, and certain Works for the Improvement of such River; and for other Purposes. 1009

lxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Wimbledon to Epsom; and for other Purposes. 1025

lxxiii. An Act for regulating the Payment of Dividends on certain Classes of Preference Shares in the London Gaslight Company. 1045

lxxiv. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Milford and the Neighbourhood thereof, for establishing Gasworks, Waterworks, and a Cemetery there; and for other Purposes. 1053

lxxv. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining the Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the County of Orkney, and for other Purposes. 1081

lxxvi. An Act to amend "The East Kent Railway (Extension to Dover) Act, 1855." 1105

lxxvii. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make an Extension Line of Railway to Sligo, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes. 1109

lxxviii. An Act to enable the Monkland Railways Company to make and maintain certain Railways in the Counties of Lanark and Linlithgow; and for other Purposes. 1121

lxxix. An Act to empower the Briton Ferry Floating Dock Company to raise Money; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking. 1137

lxxx. An Act for granting further Powers to "The City and Suburban Gas Company of Glasgow." 1145

lxxxi. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make and maintain certain Extensions of their Denny Branch. 1161

lxxxii. An Act to empower the Stamford and Essendine Railway Company to raise Money, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1169

lxxxiii. An Act for authorizing the Victoria (London) Dock Company to make a new Cut Eastward of their Dock, and to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes. 1177

lxxxiv. An Act for making Railways from Athlone to Roscommon and Castlereagh, to be called "The Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway;" and for other Purposes. 1197

lxxxv. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make a Railway from Tullamore to Athlone; and for other Purposes. 1213

lxxxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway at Markinch Station to the Town of Leslie, with Branches to Auchmuty Mills, Leven Bank Mill, and Prinlaws Lower Mills, and other Purposes. 1225

lxxxvii. An Act for making a Railway from Keith to Dufftown. 1245

lxxxviii. An Act to repeal so much of the Act relating to the Road from Bawtry Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, and other Roa4s, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 1265

lxxxix. An Act to allow a Drawback on the Duties payable on Coals, Culm, Coke, and Cinders. 1277

xc. An Act for incorporating the European and Indian Junction Telegraph Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 1281

xci. An Act to enable the West of Fife Mineral Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Roscobie; and for certain other Purposes. 1297

xcii. An Act to continue or renew the Powers conferred on the Trustees on the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow to take Lands and execute Works for the Improvement of the Navigation; and for other Purposes. 1305

xciii. An Act to enable the British Fisheries Society to enlarge, improve, and maintain Pulteney Harbour in the County of Caithness; and for other Purposes. 1313

xciv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Elie in the County of Fife. 1337

xcv. An Act for confirming the Title to Lands acquired for the Purposes of the Newquay Railway, Part of "the Treffry Estates," in the County of Cornwall, and for regulating the Railway; and for other Purposes. 1353

xcvi. An Act to empower the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway Company to make a Railway to connect the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Great Western Railway; and for other Purposes. 1377

xcvii. An Act to repeal "The River Slaney Improvement Act, 1852," and to make better Provision for the Execution of the Objects of that Act; and for other Purposes connected with the River Slaney. 1397

xcviii. An Act to empower the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley Bridge Railway Company to extend their Railway to Buxton, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking. 1413

xcix. An Act for the Worksop and Attercliffe Turnpike Road in the County of Nottingham and the West Riding of the County of York. 1437

c. An Act for the Abandonment of the Westminster Terminus Railway Extension, Clapham to Norwood, and for other Purposes. 1449

ci. An Act for making a Bridge across the River Backwater near Weymouth, and a Turnpike Road, and other Works in connexion therewith, in the County of Dorset; and for other Purposes. 1453

cii. An Act to incorporate and regulate the Atlantic Telegraph Company, and to enable the Company to establish and work Telegraphs between Great Britain, Ireland, and Newfoundland; and for other Purposes. 1469

ciii. An Act for making a Railway from the Torquay Branch of the South Devon Railway to or near to Dartmouth, to be called "The Dartmouth and Torbay Railway;" and for other Purposes. 1489

civ. An Act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to make certain Deviations and Alterations in their Line and Works; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking. 1513

cv. An Act to authorize the East Somerset Railway Company to extend their Railway from Shepton Mallett to Wells. 1525

cvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway in the Parish of Llandinam in the County of Montgomery to the Town of Machynlleth in the same County. 1537

cvii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Prestwick to Bury and Radcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining as Turnpike certain other Roads in connexion therewith, all in the same County; and for other Purposes. 1553

cviii. An Act for authorizing the Conversion of Parts of the Shropshire Canal to Purposes of a Railway, and the making and maintaining of a Railway accordingly, and for authorizing Arrangements between the London and North-western Railway Company and other Companies; and for other Purposes. 1565

cix. An Act for improving the North Level Drainage, and for other Purposes relating to the Level. 1589

cx. An Act for making a Railway from Broughton to Coniston in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes. 1613

cxi. An Act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry and Floating Bridge across the River Waveney, near Burgh Saint Peter Staithe in the Parishes of Oulton in the County of Suffolk, and Burgh Saint Peter in the County of Norfolk, with proper Works and Approach Roads thereto. 1629

cxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Essendine Station of the Great Northern Railway to Bourn in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes. 1641

cxiii. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Railway from Streamstown to Clara; and for other Purposes. 1653

cxiv. An Act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of "The Blyth and Tyne Railway Consolidation and Extensions Act, 1854;" to authorize the Relinquishment of a Branch Railway authorized by that Act, and the Construction of other Railways and Works in connexion with the Blyth and Tyne Railway. 1661

cxv. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to open certain new Streets in the City and Liberties of Westminster and in the Borough of Southwark. 1673

cxvi. An Act for the making and maintaining of the Stratford-upon-Avon Railway; and for other Purposes. 1697

cxvii. An Act to make better Provision for the Burial of the Dead in the City of Manchester, and for enabling the Corporation to purchase certain Lands and effect certain Improvements in that City. 1713

cxviii. An Act to amend Two several Acts passed respectively in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth and the Second Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled respectively An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same; and to make more effectual Provisions lieu thereof; and An Act to equalize the Ecclesiastical Burthens of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for partially altering the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Stonefields Estate within the said Parish; for letting the Pews in the Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington and the Chapel of Ease thereto; and for other Purposes connected therewith; and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof. 1725

cxix. An Act to enable the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Company to extend their Railway into the Aberdare and Bargoed Valleys in Glamorganshire, and for other Purposes connected with the Company. 1741

cxx. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Acts relating to the Portadown and Dungannon Railway Company, and to enable that Company to extend their Railway to the Town of Omagh in the County of Tyrone, and to enter into certain Arrangements with the Ulster and other Railway Companies with respect to the working and leasing of the Railway; and for other Purposes. 1749

cxxi. An Act to enable the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to make Deviations from the Line of their Railway, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking. 1769

cxxii. An Act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes. 1777

cxxiii. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to construct Branch Railways from their Line near Edinburgh to Granton and for other Purposes. 1789

cxxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the Dunfermline Branch of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway to Kinross, with a Branch to Kingseat; and for other Purposes. 1805

cxxv. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of certain Lands required for the Metropolitan Railway; and for other Purposes. 1825

cxxvi. An Act to enable the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to alter and extend their Works, and obtain an additional Supply of Water; and for other Purposes. 1829

cxxvii. An Act for incorporating the Victoria Gas Company, and for authorizing them to acquire and enlarge the North Woolwich Gasworks, and to supply Gas; and for other Purposes. 1845

cxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from near Hamilton to near Strathaven in the County of Lanark, to be called "The Hamilton and Strathaven Railway;" and for other Purposes. 1853

cxxix. An Act to enable the Life and Kinross Railway Company to divert Part of their Main Line, and to make an Extension from Milnathort to Kinross. 1873

cxxx. An Act to enable the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money. 1881

cxxxi. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Otley and Skipton Turnpike Road, and to create a further Term therein; and for other Purposes. 1889

cxxxii. An Act to give further Powers to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford with respect to Burial Purposes, and to authorize Arrangements with respect to Lands in and near Marlborough Square in Salford. 1905

cxxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway at Horsham, through Billingshurst, to Pulborough, with a Branch from Pulborough to Coultershaw Mill in the Parish of Petworth, all in the County of Sussex. 1925

cxxxiv. An Act authorizing the North-western Railway Company to divert a Portion of their Railway, and to sell or grant a Lease of their Undertaking to the Midland and Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Companies. 1945

cxxxv. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, "to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality," and also to amend "The Metropolitan Market Act, 1851." 1953

cxxxvi. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company and others to make Deviations from their authorized Lines of Railway and other Works; and for authorizing divers other Matters affecting that Company and other Companies and Undertakings; and for other Purposes. 1973

cxxxvii. An Act for the Construction of Railways to supply direct Communication between Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Guide Bridge, and for the Accommodation of the Neighbourhood. 1993

cxxxviii. An Act to make Provision with respect to Capital fraudulently created in the Great Northern and East Lincolnshire Railway Companies. 2013

cxxxix. An Act for authorizing an Extension of the Dorset Centred Railway; for regulating the Capital of the Dorset Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes. 2021

cxl. An Act for consolidating the Acts relating to the Rhymney Railway Company, and for authorizing the Company to make and maintain a Branch Railway, and for regulating the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes. 2049

cxli. An Act for the Maintenance, Regulation, and Improvement of Watchet Harbour in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes. 2093

cxlii. An Act for the Transfer of the Docks of the Swansea Dock Company to the Swansea Harbour Trustees; and for authorizing those Trustees to make further Works, and raise further Moneys; and for other Purposes. 2133

cxliii. An Act for authorizing Traffic Arrangements between the West End of London and Crystal Palace and the London, Brighton, and South Coast, the South-eastern, and London and South-western Railway Companies; for Sale of the West London and Crystal Palace Railway; for extending the Time for completing Railways; and for other Purposes. 2189

cxliv. An Act for repairing the Road from Haslingden to Todmorden, and several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes. 2201

cxlv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Taunton to the Harbour of Watchet; and for other Purposes relating to the said Railway and Harbour. 2229

cxlvi. An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Norfolk Estuary. 2245

cxlvii. An Act to provide for the Conservation of the River Thames, and for the Regulation, Management, and Improvement thereof. 2345

cxlviii. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of Salmon, and the Regulation of the Fisheries in the River Tweed. 2409

cxlix. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Castle Douglas in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright to Portpatrick in the County of Wigtown. 2449

cl. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to form a Park for the Northern Suburbs of the Metropolis, to be called Finsbury Park. 2473

cli. An Act to enable the Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of Portions of their authorized Line and abandon Portions thereof; to construct new Branches and other Works; to authorize Working Arrangements with the East Kent Railway Company; to amend "The Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Act, 1856;" and for other Purposes. 2489

clii. An Act for making a Railway from Herne Bay to Faversham, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 2509

cliii. An Act for enabling the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway, to alter, widen, and improve Portions of their existing Railway, and for other Purposes. 2529

cliv. An Act for the Transfer of the Interests of the Class A Shareholders of the Saint Andrew's and Quebec Railroad Company to "The New Brunswick and Canada Railway and Land Company (Limited)." 2549

clv. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make or complete a short Line of Railway at Tunbridge; and for other Purposes. 2561

clvi. An Act enabling the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company to construct their Railway as far as the City of Armagh; for changing the Name of the Company; and for consolidating their Acts. 2565

clvii. An Act for abolishing certain Jurisdiction of the Sheriffs Courts of the City of London, and for amending the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in the Mayor's Court, and for extending the Jurisdiction thereof. 2585

clviii. An Act to authorize the Wycombe Railway Company to extend their Railway to Princes Risborough and to Thame. 2605

clix. An Act for incorporating the Eastern Bengal Railway Company, and for other Purposes. 2613

clx. An Act for authorizing the Scinde Railway Company to extend their Operations, and for regulating the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes. 2625

clxi. An Act for making a Railway from the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway in the Parish of Kendal in the County of Westmoreland to the North-western Railway at or near Ingleton in the West Riding of the County of York, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes. 2641

clxii. An Act for consolidating the Docks at Liverpool and Birkenhead into One Estate, and for vesting the Control and Management of them in One Public Trust; and for other Purposes. 2653

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. Act for enabling the Trustees in whom the Lands and Estate of Scotscraig in the County of Fife are vested to grant Feus of certain Portions thereof. 3

2. An Act to amend and explain Fleming's Estate Act, 1852. 17

3. An Act for authorizing the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to raise Money for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Hereford. 21

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the late Francis Duke of Bridgewater to complete the Purchase of the Runcorn and Weston Canal, and to enable such Trustees more effectually to administer the Trusts of the Will of the said Duke. 29

5. An Act for authorizing the Sale to the Dorset Central Railway Company, in consideration partly of a yearly Rentcharge and partly of a gross Sum, of Part of the Settled Estates in the County of Dorset of which the Right Honourable George Pitt Rivers Lord Rivers is now Tenant for Life in possession; and for other Purposes. 65

6. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement for a Compromise of the Suit of "Carew versus Waugh" now pending in the High Court of Chancery, and for vesting the Estates to which the Suit relates in Trustees upon Trust for Sale; and for other Purposes. 77

7. An Act for authorizing the raising of Money on the Security of Estates in the County of Glamorgan, settled by the Will of the Right Honourable *Other Archer late Earl of Plymouth deceased, and the Application of the Money for the Improvement of Parts of the Estates, in order to render them available as Building Lands, and for confirming an Agreement with the Penarth Harbour, Dock, and Railway Company, heretofore called the Ely Tidal Harbour and Railway Company; and for other Purposes. 169

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

8. Act for authorizing Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Princess Giustiniani, Widow of Charles Marquess Bandini, to take the Oath proper to be taken by her prior to her Naturalization before Her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, or any other Member of Her Majesty's Legation at the Court of Tuscany, and to give her Consent in Writing to the passing of the Bill for her Naturalization.

9. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Ley, Oil Cooper, with Rosanna Sarah Ley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Campbell with Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

11. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Smith Esquire with Julia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act to enable Robert Shepherd, Clerk, to exercise his Office of a Priest and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

13. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Frederick Baring Esquire with Emily his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes.

14. An Act for naturalizing Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Princess Giustiniani, Widow of Charles Marquess Bandini in the Roman States, and Sigismund Nicholas Venantius Gaietano Francis Marquess Bandini, the only Son and Heir Apparent of the said Princess Giustiniani Marchioness Dowager Bandini by the said Charles Marquess Bandini her late Husband.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Keays Esquire with Maria Eliza his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and forother Purposes.

[INDEX removed.]

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. I.

An Act for the Amendment of the Cinque Ports Act.

[26th June 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[18 & 19 Vict. c. 48.]

intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the Cinque Ports, it was enacted (by the Fifth Section), that from and after the granting of a Charter of Incorporation to certain Parishes or Places therein mentioned, amongst which was Saint John the Baptist (called Margate), or any One of them, or any Part thereof, certain Acts and Portions of Acts therein mentioned should be and the same were thereby repealed, so far as the same concerned or affected the Part comprised in such Charter, and that from and after the Date of such Charter no Court of Sessions to be holden for the Town and Port of Dover, nor any Justices thereof, should have any Jurisdiction or Authority over or in respect of the District comprised in any such Charter, and no such District should be liable to any Rate, Cess, or Impost to which the same or the Inhabitants thereof would but for the now reciting Act be liable as a Member or Liberty of Dover, save as therein-after otherwise provided: And whereas the Inhabitant Householders of the Town of Margate, being Part of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist called Margate, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in

4 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 1.

Cinque Ports Act Amendment.

[7 W. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 78.]

the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, petitioned Her Majesty to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Margate within the Limits defined in the Schedule to an Order of the General Board of Health bearing Date the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, whereby, and by means of "The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1851, No. 2.," the Public Health Act was applied to the said Town: And whereas Notice of such Petition, and of the Time when the same was ordered by Her Majesty to be taken into consideration by Her Privy Council, was duly published in the London Gazette One Month at least before such Petition was considered, as herein-after mentioned: And whereas Her Majesty's said Privy Council did proceed to consider the said Petition, and having fully considered it have advised Her Majesty to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Margate within the District set forth in the said Order of the General Board of Health: And whereas if such Charter as aforesaid be granted the Provisions of the said recited Act with respect to the District comprised in such Charter will take effect, and thenceforward, and until the Grant of a Commission of the Peace and Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such District, Inconveniences may arise, unless the said recited Act be amended: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Section 5. of recited Act not to apply to any District until Her Majesty shall have granted a Commission of the Peace and a Court of Quarter Sessions thereto.]

I. The Provisions contained in the Fifth Section of the said recited Act shall not apply or have any Effect with reference to any District comprised within any Charter of Incorporation to be granted to any Parish or Place mentioned in the said Act or any Part thereof, unless and until Her Majesty shall have granted a Commission of the Peace and a Court of Quarter Sessions for the District comprised in any such Charter, but on the Grant of a Commission of the Peace and Court of Quarter Sessions to any such District the said Provisions contained in Section Five of the said recited Act shall thereupon take effect and come into force with respect to such District.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal.

[26th June 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a Marriage proposed between the Princess Royal and His Royal Highness Prince Frederic William of Prussia, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 8,000l. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal for Her Life.]

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, or to such Persons as Her Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such Letters Patent, in trust or for the Use of Her said Royal Highness, an Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds, to be settled on Her said Royal Highness for Her Life, in such Manner as Her Majesty shall think proper; the said Annuity to commence from the Date of the

6 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 2.

Princess Royal's Annuity.

Marriage of Her Royal Highness with His Royal Highness Prince Frederic William of Prussia, to be free from all Taxes, Assessments, and Charges, and to be paid quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, the First Payment to be made, on such of the said quarterly Days as shall happen next after the said Marriage, of such Portion of the Annuity as shall have accrued between the Date of such Marriage and such quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof; and such Annuity shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the same by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged upon the said Fund.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. III.

An Act to amend the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, to substitute in certain Cases other Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

[26th June 1857.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the

Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her 16 & 17 Vict. Majesty, Chapter Ninety-nine, to substitute in certain c*" '

Cases other Punishment in lieu of Transportation; and it is expedient that such Act should be amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Sections One, Two, Three, and Four of the said Act shall be repealed.

II. After the Commencement of this Act, no Person shall be sentenced to Transportation; and any Person who, if this Act and the said Act had not been passed, might have been sentenced to Transportation, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be liable to be sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for a Term of the same Duration as the Term of Transportation to which such Person would

Sections 1, 2, 3, and 4, of recited Act repealed.

Sentence of Transportation abolished, and Sentence of Penal Servitude substituted *

Provisions of Acts concerning transported Offenders to apply to Offenders under Sentence of Penal Servitude.

Existing Power to appoint Places of Transportation to be applicable for the Purposes of this Act.

Transportation and Penal Servitude.

have been liable if the said Act and this Act had not been passed; and in every Case where, at the Discretion of the Court, One of any Two or more Terms of Transportation might have been awarded, the Court shall have the like Discretion to award One of any Two or more of the Terms of Penal Servitude which are hereby authorized to be awarded instead of such Terms of Transportation: Provided always, that any Person who might at the Discretion of the Court have been sentenced either to Transportation for any Term or to any Period of Imprisonment, shall be liable at the Discretion of the Court to be' sentenced either to Penal Servitude for the same Term or to the same Period of Imprisonment; and in any Case in which before the passing of the said Act Sentence of Seven Years Transportation might have been passed, it shall he lawful1 for the Court in its Discretion to pass a Sentence of Penal Servitude of not less than Three Years.

III. And whereas the Provisions applicable to Persons under Sen* tence of Transportation extend to Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude conveyed to Parts beyond the Seas in those Cases only where they are conveyed to and kept in Places of Confinement appointed under the said Act or the Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-four, and it is expedient to extend the said Provisions to other Cases:

Any Person now or hereafter under Sentence or Order of Penal Servitude may, during the Term of the Sentence or Order, be conveyed to any Place or Places beyond the Seas to which Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation may be conveyed, or to any Place or Places beyond the Seas which may be hereafter appointed as herein mentioned; and all Acts and Provisions now applicable to and for the Removal and Transportation of Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation to and from any Places beyond the Seas, and concerning their Custody, Management, and Control, and the Property in their Services, and the Punishment of such Offenders if at large without lawful Cause before the Expiration of their Sentence, and all other Provisions now applicable to and in the Case of Persons under Sentence or Order of Transportation, shall apply to and in. the Case of Persons under Sentence or Order of Penal Servitude, as if they were Persons under Sentence or Order of Transportation.

IV. The Provisions and Powers of the said Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, authorizing the Appointment (by Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council,) of any Place or Places beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation shall be conveyed, and all other Powers of Her Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or

Governors

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Transportation and Penal Servitude.

Governors of Ireland, for the like Purpose, shall extend and be applicable to and for the Appointment of any Place or Places beyond the Seas to which Offenders under Sentence or Order of Penal Servitude may be conveyed, as herein provided.

Y. And whereas by the said Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty it is provided, that any Convict whose Licence is revoked shall be recommitted to the Prison or Place of Confinement from which he was released by virtue of the said Licence: Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act any such Convict may be recommitted by the Magistrate issuing his Warrant in that Behalf, either to the Prison from which he was released by virtue of his Licence, or to any other Prison in which Convicts under Sentence of Penal Servitude may be lawfully confined.

Magistrate *

may recommit Convicts whose

Licences are revoked to Penal Servitude in any Convict Prison.

VI. Where in any Enactment now in force the Expression " any Crime punishable with Transportation," or " any Crime punishable by Law with Transportation," or any Expression of the like Import, is used, the Enactment shall be construed and take effect as applicable also to any Crime punishable with Penal Servitude.

VII. The said Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty and this Act shall be read and construed together as One Act.

All Enactments referring to Transportation to have reference to Penal Servitude.

Recited Act and this to be read as one.

VIII. This Act shall commence on the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[Commencement of Act.]

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. IV.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[3d 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards There shall making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service f^Ser-of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the Sum of vice of the Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's 8,000,000l. Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Fund.

D and

The Treasury may cause 8,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed

48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 8,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 4.

Consolidated Fund (£8,000,000).

and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions; and such Exchequer Bills Shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered

from

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 4.

Consolidated Fund (£8,000,000).

from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of delivered to England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as j^ur^for Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her such Ad- Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, yance*' under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Monies Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in applied to pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted th Sen8

votod by the

by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Commons, Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained Exchequer in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, iUs m^4e

47 7 chargeable

together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be upon the and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the of

growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom the Consoli-of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that dated Fund, in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds ifl the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives.

[3d July 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-one, intituled An Act 16 & 17 Vict. to extend for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of -c-91* come Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives, and was limited to continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four: And whereas by certain other Acts subsequently passed, and more especially by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-three, the said first-mentioned Act 19 & 20 Vict, has been amended and extended, and now stands limited to continue c"33, in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and it is expedient further to continue the same, so amended, for such Period as herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

E

I. The

Insurance on Lives (Abatemen of Income Tax) Continuance.

16 & 17 Vict. I. The said first-mentioned Act, so amended as aforesaid, shall be

tinuedrotil a°d Bame is hereby continued in force until the Sixth Day of April

6th April One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 1860.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VI.

An Act to alter the Constitution and amend the Procedure of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

[3d July 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session of the Parliament of Ireland holden in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Thirty-nine, 40 G. 3.C. 39. Writs of Error upon Judgments of the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland were made returnable in the Court thereby constituted, and since commonly called the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and the Chief Justices, Chief Barons, and the rest of the Justices and Barons, or any Nine of them assembled in the said Court, were empowered to examine and affirm or reverse such Judgments: And whereas by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty- l G.4. c. 68. eight, increased Powers were given to the said Court of Exchequer Chamber: And whereas by the " Common Law Procedure Amend- i6& i7 Vict. ment Act (Ireland), 1853," and the "Common Law Procedure c-113-Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856," further Provision was made for the *9]Q220 Vict' bringing of Error and Appeals into the said Court of Exchequer Chamber: And whereas it is expedient that the Procedure in Error in the said Court should be rendered uniform, and that all Proceedings F

m

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 6.

Covert of Exchequer (Ireland).

in Error and upon Appeals brought into the said Court on Judgments and other Proceedings of any of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common % Pleas, and Exchequer should be before the Justices only, or the Justices and Barons only, as the Case may be, of the Two other of the said last-mentioned Courts: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Appeals from one Court to Judges of Two other Courts.

I. In all Cases in which Error or an Appeal shall, after the passing of this Act, be brought into the said Court of Exchequer Chamber upon any Judgment or other Proceeding of any of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, the Proceedings in the said Court of Exchequer Chamber in Error, or upon such Appeal, shall be before the Chief Justices and Justices only, or Chief Justice and Justices, Chief Baron and Barons only, as the Case may be, of the Two other of the said Courts, or any Six or more of them.

Act not to II. Nothing in this Act contained shall in any way affect the Power Justicea'or^ or Jurisdiction of either of the Chief Justices or the Chief Baron to Chief Baron, fix the Sittings of the said Court, or (save in Proceedings' in Error or upon Appeal, to which the last preceding Section shall apply,) to do any other Thing in or relating to the said Court.

Procedure in III. In order that the Procedure in Error in the said Court of beunifom Exchequer Chamber upon all Judgments and Proceedings of the Superior Courts of Law may be rendered, so far as possible, uniform, the Enactments of the " Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1853," with respect to the bringing of Error into the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, and the Rules and Orders made or to be made in pursuance of the said Act, shall extend to and include the bringing of Error in the said Court of Exchequer Chamber upon all Judgments and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery as a Court of Law, of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, as well in Crown as in all other Cases in which Error upon such Judgments or Proceedings may now be brought in the said Court of Exchequer Chamber; and the Procedure in Error in the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, and the Proceedings consequent thereon, shall, so far as practicable, in all such Cases be pursuant to the said " Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1853," and the said Rules made or to be made under the said Act: No Error to Provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to in Cases fa enftWe Error to be brought in Cases in which Error cannot now be which Error brought: Provided also, that where any Fiat or Consent is now j^brought required in any Proceeding in Error, such Fiat or Consent shall

continue

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 6.

Court of Exchequer (Ireland).

continue to be required in the corresponding Proceeding in Error under this Act.

IV. The Power to make General Orders for the said Court of Power to

yn66116 '

Exchequer Chamber under Section Two hundred and thirty-three of ral Orders, the " Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1853," shall extend to all Proceedings in Error in the said Court.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VII.

An Act to revive and amend certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the Appointment, in certain Cases, of Collectors to levy the Charges and Expenses of additional Constabulary appointed under the Act 19 and 20 c. 36.

[3d July 1857.]

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the n&i2 Vict. Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, c-32* Chapter Thirty-two, certain Provisions are made relating to the Collectors of County Cess in Ireland: And whereas by certain other Acts subsequently passed, and more especially by an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign,

Chapter Thirteen, the said Provisions were revived and continued in 16 & 17 Vict. force to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty- c> 13, four, and it is expedient to amend and revive the said first-recited Act, and to continue the same for a limited Time: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and' with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said first-recited Act shall be revived and continued to the 11 & 12 Vict. End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and G the

tinued to ths End of the Year 1859.

Justices may take Security for Collectors.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint Persons to collect Charges and Expenses of additional Constabulary Force.

Collectors so appointed to have same Powers as Collectors of County Cess under last-recited Act.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 7.

County Cess (Ireland),

the respective Powers and Authorities by the said Act given to Grand Juries at the Assizes, and to Magistrates at the Sessions therein mentioned, shall be respectively applied and extended to the Grand Juries at any Assizes and to Magistrates at any Sessions, as the Case may be, within the Period for which the said Act is hereby revived and continued.

II. Whenever any Person shall have been appointed Collector of Cess under the Provisions of this Act, either at Assizes, Quarter Sessions, or Special Sessions, and the Security of such Persons shall have been-there approved, it shall be lawful for. any Justice at-any Petty Sessions to take such Security in like Manner and as effectually as if the same had been given before the Grand Jury at the Assizes.

III. And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Nineteenth

and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-six, the Lord Lieutenant is empowered to issue his Warrants directed to the several Collectors of County Cess in , requiring them to levy

within the respective Districts for which they shall have been appointed Collectors the estimated Charges and Expenses of any additional Constabulary Force appointed for any County or District thereof, and which may be payable by such District, under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas it may be expedient, in certain Cases, that special Collectors should be appointed for such Purposes: Be it therefore enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant may from Time to Time appoint any Person he may think proper to be a Collector of such Charges and Expenses, and may remove such Person, and appoint any other Person in his Place, and may issue his Warrants, under the Hand of his Chief or Under Secretary, requiring such Person to levy such Charges and Expenses, together with such Fees for levying and collecting the same, as to the Lord Lieutenant shall seem proper, not exceeding in the whole One Shilling in the Pound upon the Sum so to be levied and collected.

IV. The several Persons to whom from Time to Time the Lord Lieutenant may issue his Warrants, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Collection of such Charges and Expenses, shall for the Purposes of such Collection have all the Powers, Authorities, and Remedies given by Law to the Collector of Grand Jury Cess, or for the Levy of any Debt or Rent due to the Crown, and may proceed to collect and levy such Charges and Expenses in like Manner as any Collector of Grand Jury Cess could have done, and shall account for and pay over the same in the Manner directed by the said last-recited Act, and the Production of the Lord Lieutenant's Warrant shall be sufficient Proof of the Authority

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 7.

County Cm [Ireland).

rity of the Person therein named to levy the Sums in such Warrant specified.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Lord Lieu- Lord Lieutenant (if he shall so think fit) from issuing his Warrants to the require*7 Collectors of County Cess, requiring them to levy such Charges and Collectors of Expenses, in like Manner as if this Act had not. passed. toTevy^ such

Charges.

VI. In the Construction of this Act the Term "Lord Lieutenant" "Lord shall be held to include any other Chief Governor or Governors of Lieutenant." Ireland.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend the Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 11., with a view to the Abolition of Ministers Money in Ireland.

[.3d July 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Ministers Money, and the Church Temporalities (Ireland) Act, it is enacted, amongst other things, that the Collector General of Rates -within the Municipal District of the City of Dublin, and the Boards of Guardians and the Council of each of the Cities or Boroughs of Cork, Limerick, Waterford, Drogheda, Kilkenny, and Clonmel, and the Town Commissioners of Kinsale, in their respective Districts, shall cause to be raised in each Parish then liable to the Payment of Ministers Money, in every Year, in Two equal Sums, the Amount ascertained, approved, and certified under the Provisions of the said Act with respect to such Parish, by means of a Rate, to be assessed and levied as therein provided, ' on all Houses situated in each such Parish respectively then liable to the Payment of Ministers Money, and being of the rated Value of more than Ten Pounds; and that the Monies so levied shall be paid in manner therein provided into the Bank *of Ireland to a separate Account in the Name H of

17 & 18 Vict. c. 11.

Certain Sections of recited Act repealed.

No Proceedings to be taken to recover Arrears.

Not to interfere with Bights of Incumbents to be paid by Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 8.

Ministers Money [Ireland).

of the Paymaster of the Civil Services in and all Sums paid

to such Paymaster shall be paid by him to " The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland" and it is further enacted by the said recited Act, that in case in any Half Year the Sums due on the Houses liable to the said Tax be not raised and paid over to the Paymaster of Civil Services, the same shall, in case of such Default, with respect to any Parish in the immediate District of Dublin or in any of the other Cities and Boroughs therein mentioned, become and be a Debt due to the Crown, and recoverable as such from the City of Dublin, or from such other City or Borough in which such Default may happen; and the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall order all Sums which shall become due to the Crown to be recovered and paid to " The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for And whereas it

is expedient to alter and amend the said recited Act, in order that the said Rate or Tax in lieu of Ministers Money should cease and determine, and should not, nor should any Arrears thereof, be collected or enforced: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Ninth, and Eleventh Sections of the said recited Act shall be and are hereby repealed.

II. No Proceeding shall be hereafter instituted or prosecuted to recover or enforce any Arrears of the said Rate or Tax under the said recited Act.

III. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to lessen or interfere with the Rights of the Incumbents, of the several Parishes out of which Ministers Money was payable, to be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in manner provided by the Eighth Section of the said recited Act.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. IX.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

[13th 1857.]

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, to " facilitate Arrangements for the " Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," certain Provisional Orders have been made by the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for reducing the Rate of Interest, and for extinguishing in certain Cases the Arrears of Interest on the Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the Tolls or Revenues of certain Turnpike Roads, and such Orders have been published in the London Gazette, and in Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood of such Roads, and the Dates of such Provisional Orders, and the Acts under which the Tolls or Revenues on which such Debts are charged or secured are levied or raised, together with the Amount to which the Rate of Interest on such Debts is to be reduced, and the Days up to which the Interest and Arrears of Interest I on

14 & 15 Vict. c. 38.

Provisional Orders confirmed.

Turnpike Trusts Arrangements.

on such Debts are to be extinguished by such Orders, are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be confirmed and made absolute: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Provisional Orders are hereby confirmed and made absolute, and shall be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions thereof had been expressly enacted by Parliament.

Turnpike Trusts Arrangements.

SCHEDULE.

Date

of

Provisional

Order.

1856. 15 May

7

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt

£ #.

Interest to be reduced to the following Bates per Annum.

Arrears of Interest to be extinguished to the following Dates.

d.

G. 4. c. 80., "An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called " Coxbridge, near Farnham in the County of " Surrey, to Ramshill near Petersfield in the " County of Southampton "

5, 050 O' 0

1 d. per Cent.

SO Jan.

1856.

15 May

4 G. 4. c. 63.," An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Rugby in the " County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road " from Lutterworth to Market Harborough," in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton

1, 119 3 4

3/. 10#. per Cent

31 Dec. 1855.

23 Oct

54 G. 3. c. 51.," An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Road leading " from Sturry Street to Herne Bay in the " County of Kent "

2, 600 0 0

31. per Cent £

No Arrears extinguished.

28 Oct

11 G. 4. c. 19.," An Act for more effectually " repairing and improving the Roads from the " Town of Malmesbury to Copped Hall " Turnpike, Sutton Benger Church, and " Dauntsey Gate, in the County of Wilts " -

7, 560 0 0

3 Nov.

3 G. 4. c. 39.," An Act for continuing the " Term and altering and enlarging the Powers " of an Act of the Forty-second Year of the " Reign of His late Majesty King George " the Third, for repairing and improving the " Road leading from the City of Canterbury " to the Town of Ramsgate in the County of " Kent; and for suspending and varying for " a further limited Time so much of an Act " passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the " Reign of His said late Majesty as relates " to the Toll Gate and to the Tolls payable " by virtue of the said Act on the Road " leading from the said City of Canterbury " to the Isle of Thanet in the said County of " Kent; and for altering the Line of certain " Parts of the said Road." So far as the same relates to the Second District of Roads

4, 300 0 0

3 Nov.

6 G. 4. c. 27.," An Act for more effectually " repairing and improving the Road from " Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester to near New Houses in the County of " York, and other Roads in the said Counties," and in the County Palatine of Lancaster," and for making and maintaining several new " Branches to communicate therewith99

8, 013 10 0

4/. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1854.

2L per Cent.

31 Dec. 1854.

4Lper Csnt

No Arrears extinguished.

Turnpike Trusts Arrangements.

Date Amount of Principal Debt. Interest to be Arrears of Interest to be

OI Provisional Order. TITLE OF LOCAL ACT. reduced to the following Rates per Annum. extinguished to the following Dates.

1856. 1* Novj ] 5 G. 4. c. 30.," An Act for repairing, improving, £ *. d.

" and maintaining several Roads leading to " and from Ceme Abbas in the County of

" Dorset" - 4, 264 3 4 2/. 10*. per Cent 29 Sept.

1855.

18 Nov. 9 G. 4. c. S2f.," An Act for more effectually

" amending, widening, and keeping in repair " Two several Districts of Roau leading from

" High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from the " Newcastle Road at Spath, near Uttoxeter," to the Leek Road at or near Hanging " Bridge in the County of Stafford.", So far

as the same relates to the First or High Bridges and Uttoxeter District of Road 2, 500 0 0 2/. per Cent. { No Arrears 'extinguished.

18 Not. 3G.4. c. 68.," An Act for more effectually

" repairing the South District of the Roach u from Royston in the County of Hertford to " Wandesford Bridge in the County of Hunt- ingdon" - 2, 400 0 0 2/. 10*. per Cent 3 April

1856.

3 Dec. 9 G. 4. c. 101.," An Act to alter, amend, and i

" enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making a Turnpike Road from " Wells-next-the-Sea to Fakenham in the " County of Norfolk, and other Roads connected therewith99 I i | 9, 600 0 0 2/. per Cent, j No Arrears extinguished.

15 Dec. 53 G. 3. c. 133., "An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the " Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bicester, to Weston-on- the-Green, in the County of Oxford, and " for making a new Branch of Road to com- i i; i: i i: i

" municate therewith" - j 4, 577 0 0 31. per Cent. 31 Dec.

1857. 29 Jen. 55 G. 3. c. 48.," An Act for repairing the Road 1856.

" from Sutton in the County of Surrey, a through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow " Mill, to Povey Cross, and several other " Roads therein mentioned, in the same " County" - 14, 180 0 0 2/. per Cent 25 Dec.

1856.

23 April 2 W. 4. c. 60.," An Act for more effectually

" repairing and improving the Road from Con way to Pwliheli, and other Roads therein

" mentioned, in the Counties of Carnarvon " and Denbigh " - 17, 358 10 0 4/. per Cent | No Arrears extinguished.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. X.

An Act to amend the Charter of Incorporation granted to the Borough of Hanley in the County of Stafford.

[13th July 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, intituled Act for establishing an effective Police in Places within or adjoining to the District called the Staffordshire Potteries, and for improving and cleansing the same, and better lighting Parts thereof it was enacted that the Third District, for the Purposes of that Act, should comprise, among other Places, such Part of the Township of Shelton as comprised any Part of the Glebe Lands then belonging to the Rector of Stoke-upon- Trent, or any Lands which, on the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, were Parcel of the Glebe Lands of the Rector of upon- Trent aforesaid, and the Powers of the said Act extend over the said Part of the Township of Shelton: And whereas the Inhabitant Householders of Hanley and Shelton, in the County of Stafford, did petition Her Majesty to grant to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, under the Name of Hanley, a Charter of Incorporation, and such Petition was taken into consideration by the Privy Council; and, in pursuance of the Advice of the said Privy Council, it was intended that a Charter of Incorporation should be granted, which should include the whole of the Townships of Hanley K and

2 & 3 Vict. C. xliv. (Local)

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 10.

The Incorporation of Hanley to take effect :i8 if Part of the Township of Shelton had been duly excepted therefrom.

Postponement of Time for completing Revision of Burgess Lists* and for subsequent Proceedings.

Hanley Borough.

and Shelton, with the Exception of that Portion of the Township of Shelton which is included in the District over which the Powers of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty extend (videlicet, the Tart of the Township of Shelton comprised

in the said Third District for the Purposes of that Act), which Portion is commonly known by the Name of the Glebe Lands: And whereas a Charter of Incorporation has been granted by Her Majesty, and bears Date the Twenty-second Day of May last past, by which the Inhabitants of the District comprised- within the Town of Hanley and Shelton, and comprising the whole of the said Townships of Hanley and Shelton, are expressed to be incorporated by the Name of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of.

Hanley, and, through Inadvertence* no Exception has been made in the said Charter of the said Part of the Township of Shelton over which the Powers of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty extend: And whereas it is expedient that the Error in the said Charter should be corrected, and that the Charter, as so amended, should be confirmed: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Charter of Incorporation shall be read and shall take effect as if the said Part of the Township of Shelton over which the Powers of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty extend had been duly excepted from the District comprised in such Charter, and had been therein also excepted from the Wards or Ward of the said Borough of Hanley, as described in the said Charter, in which it may now be comprised.

II. And whereas under the said Charter the Revision of the Burgess List cannot be continued after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the Burgess Roll is to be completed on or before the Thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the First Election of Councillors is to be holden on the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the First Aldermen are to be elected and assigned to their respective Wards on the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and the First Election of Auditors and Assessors is to take place on the Tenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven: The several Days limited and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid by the said Charter shall be postponed for the Space of One Calendar Month, as if the Month of August had been mentioned in the said Charter instead of the Month

of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 10.

Hanley Borough Incorporation.

of July, and the Month of September had been mentioned therein instead of the Month of August.

III. Provided always, That in case the Revision of the Burgess IncaseRevi-List for the said Borough have been completed before the passing of List^ this Act, the Names of the Persons therein appearing to be rated in completed respect of Property within that Part of the Township of Shelton Act*" which by this Act is excepted from the District comprised in the said certain Charter shall be omitted from the Burgess Roll to be made out for the said Borough, in like Manner as if their Names had been from Burgess expunged from the said Burgess List by the Barrister who revised RoU 5 the same; and in case such Burgess Roll have been made out before the passing of this Act, then the same shall be amended by One of out, the the Persons by the said Charter authorized to make out such Roll, 8amc b<;

» amended &c

by expunging therefrom the Names of the Persons therein appearing to be rated as aforesaid; and such Burgess Roll made out or amended as aforesaid shall be valid for the Purposes of the said Charter as amended by this Act.

IV. The said Charter, as amended by this Act, good and lawful.

shall be deemed Charter as amended confirmed.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend " The Militia (Ireland) Act,

1854." [13th July 1857.]

WHEREAS by "The Militia () Act, 1854," it is, 17 & 18 Vict.

amongst other things, enacted, that the Costs of pro- c*10?-viding any House or Place for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other - Stores of the Militia in each County or County of a City in Ireland when not embodied shall be defrayed by the County and County of a City respectively, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose, and all Arrears in respect of such Cost which shall have become due before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted as thereafter mentioned, shall be raised by the

Presentment of the Grand Jury of such County and County of a City, and in the City of Dublin by the Town Council of the Borough of Dublin; and by the same Act such Grand Jury and Town Council are empowered to borrow all or any Part of the Money necessary for the aforesaid Purpose upon Mortgage of the County Cess and Rates, and to provide for and cause to be paid out of the County Cess of such County and County of a City, and out of the Rates of such Borough of Dublin, the Principal and Interest of the Money so borrowed in manner therein mentioned: And whereas by "The Cork 15 & 16 Vict. Improvement Act, 1852," and "The Limerick Improvement Act, *6c*1J"vict 1853," the Powers, Rights, and Duties of the Grand Juries of the c.cxeiv.

L Counties

Militia (Ireland) Act (1854) Amendment.

Counties of the Cities of Cork and Limerick, in regard to the presenting and levying of Rates for any Purpose, have been transferred to the Councils of the Boroughs of Cork and Limerick respectively; but, inasmuch as the said first-recited Act was passed subsequently to the said Two last-recited Acts, Doubts have arisen whether the Councils of the Boroughs of Cork and Limerick respectively can make such Presentments and do such other Acts as the Grand Juries of the Counties of Cities are by the first-recited Act required and empowered to make and do: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Councils of I. The Councils of the Boroughs of Cork and Limerick respec-

Limerick to shall and may r&ise, by way of Rate upon such Boroughs respec-

raise by way tively, such Sums as the Grand Juries of the Counties of the Cities of

of Rates such Qork and Limerick respectively would have been required or enabled uums as the a

Grand Juries to raise by way of Presentment by virtue of the first-recited Act if

t»enrehaVe Two last-recited Acts had not been passed, and shall and may

quiredtodoif do all such other Acts' as the said Grand Juries or the Foremen

last-recited thereof respectively might have done under the said first-recited Act Acts had not.

nnsKod in the event aforesaid.

Interprets II. The Expression " the County Cess and Rates " or " the Terms. County Cess " contained in the said first-recited Act shall, in relation to the Boroughs of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, be construed to mean the Rates of such Boroughs respectively.

As to Exe- III. Any Mortgage to be executed in pursuance of the first-Mortgages reche<l Act for the Borough of Cork or of Limerick shall be executed by the Mayor and Two of the Council of each such Borough.

[Short Title.]

IV. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XII.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of Denmark.

[13th July 1857.]

WHEREAS a Treaty was concluded on the Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, between Her Majesty and other High Contracting Parties of the one Part, and the King of Denmark of the other Part, (and has been duly ratified,) containing Arrangements for the Abolition of Tolls levied on Vessels and their Cargoes passing the Sound and the Belts, and for the Reduction of the Duties on Goods passing in Transit by the various Lines of Communication which connect the North Sea and the Elbe with the Baltic, and for the Payment by the other Contracting Parties to the King of De, in compensation for the Sacrifices which the Treaty imposed on him, of the total Sum of Thirty-five million Rigs Dollars, of which the Proportion falling to the Charge of Great Britain was Ten million one hundred and twenty-six thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Rigs Dollars: And whereas a Convention was also concluded on the said Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven between Her Majesty and the King of Denmark (and has been duly ratified), by which Her Majesty engaged to recommend to Her Parliament to enable Her to M pay

Power to Treasury to direct Payment of 1, 125, 206/., in accordance with above-recited Convention.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 12.

Sound Dues.

pay to the King of Denmark the said Sum of Ten million one hundred and twenty-six thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Rigs Dollars; and by Article II. of the said Convention it is provided, that the said Sum of Ten million one hundred and twenty-six thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Rigs Dollars " shall be converted into Sterling " Money at the Rate of Nine Rigs Dollars to the Pound Sterling," and thus amounts to the Sum of One million one hundred and " twenty-five thousand two hundred and six Pounds Sterling: This " Sum shall be paid at London to such Person as may be authorized " by His Majesty the King of Denmark to receive the same, within " Three Months after the requisite Act shall have been passed by " the Parliament of Her Britannic MajestyAnd whereas, in pursuance of Her Majesty's gracious Recommendation in this Behalf, it is expedient that Her Majesty should be enabled to carry into effect the said Convention with the King of Denmark: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct and cause to be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland the Sum of One million one hundred and twenty-five thousand two hundred and six Pounds, at the Time and in manner provided by the said Convention for such Payment, and conformably to Her Majesty's Engagement in this Behalf.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases.

[If3th July 1857.]

WHEREAS it is provided by the Act of the Fifth and Sixth

Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-nine, 5 & 6 W.4. that any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole may dispose of, c-69' by way of absolute Sale or in exchange for any Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments, any Lands or Buildings for the Purpose of the same being used as or converted into a Workhouse, or of being occupied with a Workhouse, or for any other Purpose relating to the Relief of the Poor which the Poor Law Commissioners might approve of, and to convey the same, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, unto the Guardians of any Union or Parish, or their Successors, and to accept from and give to such Guardians any Moneys by way of Equality of Exchange: And whereas Difficulty has arisen in carrying this Provision into execution where the Person who constitutes any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole is insane, and it is expedient to provide a Remedy for such Cases: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. If the Guardians of any Union or Parish, or the Managers of Provision for any School District, shall be desirous of purchasing or of exchanging tilm^fsftes N for for a Workhouse, when the Land belongs to an Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole unsound in Mind.

Certain Consents to be obtained to the Acquisition.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Sites for Workhouses.

for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, or in any Act incorporated therewith or extending or explaining the same, any Land or Building belonging to any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, and the Person for the Time being entitled to such Land or Building by virtue of his Office shall be found upon a Commission issued by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as in the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy, to be insane, it shall be competent for such Guardians or Managers to petition the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, for Leave to purchase or exchange any such Land or Buildings so belonging to such Corporation Sole, and upon such Petition the said Lord Chancellor may make such Order as shall 6eem to him to be proper; and if he shall see fit to authorize the Sale or Exchange of any Land or Building, the same shall on behalf of such - Corporation Sole be conveyed to or received in exchange from such Guardians or Managers, as the Case may be, (with the Consent of the Ordinary having Jurisdiction over such Corporation Sole, and with such further Consents if necessary as are herein-after mentioned), by such Person as the said Lord Chancellor shall by Order appoint, and the Purchase Money or the Money to be received for Equality of Exchange on behalf of such Corporation Sole shall (except as herein-after mentioned) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the said Corporation Sole, and thenceforth all Proceedings authorized by the Second Section of the said hereinbefore first-mentioned Act shall be applicable to such Sum of Money paid to the Account of the said Accountant General.

II. Provided nevertheless, That if the said Corporation Sole shall be the Incumbent of any Benefice, the Consent of the Patron of the said Benefice shall be necessary to perfect and complete such Sale or Exchange as aforesaid, and if the said Land or Building so to be sold or exchanged as aforesaid or any Part thereof shall have been purchased by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, or have been otherwise appropriated or annexed by or with the Consent, Concurrence, or Direction of the said Governors to the said Benefice for the Augmentation thereof, the Consent of the said Governors shall be necessary to perfect and complete such Sale or Exchange as aforesaid, and in either of such Cases the said Purchase Money, or the Money to be received for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Governors, and the Receipt of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Governors shall be sufficient Discharge for the said Moneys, or for so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received; and all the

51 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Sites for Workhouses.

Moneys to arise from such Purchase or Exchange as aforesaid Application shall (subject to any Stipulation or Agreement which the said ^jo^"^cliase Governors in their Discretion may think proper to make for Payment thereout of the Costs and Expenses of such Sale or Exchange) be appropriated by the said Governors to the particular Benefice to which the said Land or Building comprised in such Sale or Exchange shall have previously belonged, and shall be applicable and disposable by them, for the Benefit and Augmentation of such Benefice, in such and the same Manner, and with such and the same Powers of Investment and other Powers or Authorities in all respects according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Governors for the Time being, as if the said Moneys or the Stocks or Funds which might be purchased therewith were then originally appropriated by the said Governors to such Benefice out of the General Funds and Profits of the said Governors or otherwise for the Benefit and Augmentation thereof.

III. Until the said Purchase Money or the Money so to be paid Application for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid shall have been reinvested in the Purchase of Land, Tithes, or other Hereditaments for the Income until Benefit of the said Corporation Sole, the Interest, Dividends, or Investmunt-Annual Income from Time to Time accruing thereon shall be applied in like Manner as the Rents and Profits of the Land or Building so purchased or exchanged would have been applicable if the same Land or Building had not been purchased or exchanged, and the said Lord Chancellor may make such Order or Orders from Time to Time as may be requisite for the Purpose of such Application.

IV. The Consent of the said Ordinary, Patron, and Governors I low hereby required shall be testified by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Governors respectively executing the Deed or other Assurance by be given, which the Land or Building sold or exchanged shall be conveyed or assured, except that in the Case of any Land or Building of Copyhold or Customary Tenure which shall be conveyed or assured by Surrender such Consent shall be testified by any Writing under the Corporate Seal, or the Hand and Seal, as the Case may be, of each of the consenting Parties, which Writing, if produced to the Lord or Steward of the Manor of which the said Land or Building shall be holden, shall be a sufficient Authority to such Lord or Steward for accepting from the Person so appointed or ordered to convey as aforesaid a Surrender of the same Land and Building, and such Writing shall be entered, with the Surrender, upon the Court Rolls of the said Manor.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Sites for.

Provision where the Right of Patronage is in the Crown, the Duke of Cornwall, or in Persons under Disability.

V. In any Case where upon the Sale of any such Land or Building as aforesaid belonging to any Benefice the Patronage of the said Benefice shall be in the Crown, or the Advowson and Right of Patronage of such Benefice shall be Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornu-all, or the Patron of such Benefice shall be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, the Consent required by this Act on the Part of the Patron of such Benefice shall be testified by the Execution of such Deed or Assurance or other Writing as aforesaid by such and the same Persons as by the Act of Parliament passed in the Session holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, intituled An Act to amend the Law for providing Jit Houses for the Beneficed Clergy, are in like Cases directed or authorized to testify the Consent of the Patron to the Exercise of the several Powers given by the said last-mentioned Act, or by certain other Acts therein mentioned or referred to, and in all other Cases the Consent required by this Act on the Part of the Patron of any Benefice shall be given by the Person or Persons who would be entitled to present, nominate, or collate to such Benefice in case the same were actually vacant at the Time of giving such Consent.

Interpre- VI. In the Construction of this Act the AVord " Benefice " shall the Word be taken to extend to and comprise all Rectories with Cure of Souls, "Benefice." Vicarages, Perpetual Curacies, and Chapelries the Incumbents of which respectively shall in right thereof be Corporations Sole.

PfT«T& VII. The Provisions of the Act of the First Year of the Reign of

1 Vict.'c. 50. Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty, shall be applicable to this Act,

and Inter- an(j the several Terms herein used shall be construed as in the One

Termsin° hundred and ninth Section of the Act of the Fourth and Fifth

4 ^d4 William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and as in the Act of the

16fc"l7 Vicfc Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter

c. 70. to Seventy respectively, apply.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856.

[13th July 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be made for the Incorporation and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies, and that for that Purpose the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, should be amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Joint Stock Short Title

Companies Act, 1857." of Act.

II. " The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856," hereinafter called Definition of the Principal Act," and this Act, shall, so far as is consistent with A^and* the Context and Objects of such Acts, be construed as One Act, Joint Stock and this Act and the Principal Act may be cited together for all ^°panif8 Purposes as "The Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857."

O Registry

Penalty on Partnerships exceeding a certain Number.

The Registrar to give Certificate of Incorporation.

Power of Limited Company to convert paid-up Shares into Stock.

Company to give Notice of Conversion of Capital into Stock.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies, 1857.

Registry (Part I. of Principal Act).

III. The Fourth Section of the Principal Act shall be repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows:

If after the passing of this Act more than Twenty Persons carry on, in Partnership, any Trade or Business, having for its Object the Procurement of Gain to the Partnership, then, unless such, Persons are included within One or more of the Classes following, (that is to say,)

1. Are registered as a Company under the Principal Act;

2. Are a Company incorporated or otherwise legally constituted

by or in pursuance of some Act of Parliament, Royal

Charter, or Letters Patent; or

3. Are engaged in working Mines within and subject to the Jurisdiction of the Stannaries;

Each one of the Persons so carrying on Business in Partnership together contrary to this Provision shall be severally liable for the Payment of the whole Debts of the Partnership, and may be sued for the same without the Joinder in the Action or Suit of any other Member of the Partnership.

IV. The Registrar shall on Payment of Five Shillings issue a Certificate of Incorporation of any Company to any Person applying for the same, and such Certificate shall be admissible in Evidence in like Manner as the Certificate of Incorporation directed to be given by the Principal Act.

Register of Shareholders (P I. of Principal Act).

V. Any Limited Company may by special Resolution convert into Stock any Shares which have been fully paid up; and upon such Conversion being made all the Provisions of the Principal Act or of this Act which require or imply that the Capital of the Company is divided into Shares of any fixed Amount, and distinguished by Numbers, and all the Provisions of the Principal Act that require the Company to keep a Register of Shareholders, or to make an annual List of Shareholders in the Register, shall cease as to so much of the Capital as has been so converted into Stock.

VI. Any Company that has converted any Portion of its Capital into Stock shall give Notice of such Conversion, specifying the Shares so converted, to the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, within Fifteen Days from the Date of the last of the Meetings at which the Resolution was passed by which such Conversion was authorized, and the Registrar shall forthwith record the Fact of such Conversion: If such Notice is not given within the Period aforesaid,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies, 1857.

said, the Company shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which such Neglect to give Notice continues.

VII. Any Company that has converted any Portion of its Capital itegister of into Stock shall keep at the registered Office of the Company a ^todc"0* Register of the Names and Addresses of the Persons for the Time being entitled to such Stock, and such Register shall be open to Inspection in the Manner and subject to the Penalties in and subject to which the Register of Shareholders is by the Principal Act directed to be kept open.

VIII. If the Name of any Person is without sufficient Cause entered Remedy for or omitted to be entered in the Register of Stock of any Company,

such Person, or any Holder of Stock in the Company, may apply to Omission of have the Register rectified in manner directed by the Twenty-fifth of

Section of the Principal Act. Stock.

IX. The Court may in any Proceeding under the Twenty-fifth Power of Section of the Principal Act decide on any Question relating to the ^Soction Title of any Person who is a Party to such Proceeding, to have his of Principal Name entered in or erased from the Register, whether such Question

arises between Two or more Holders or alleged Holders of Shares or Questions. Stock, or between any Holders or alleged Holders of Shares or Stock and the Company, and generally the Court may in any such Proceeding decide any Question that it may be necessary or expedient to decide for the Rectification of the Register.

X. If any Company makes default in forwarding Copies of the Penalty on Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association to Share- ?ot forward-

mg uopics

holders, in pursuance of Section Twenty-seven of the Principal Act, of Memoran-the Company so making default shall for each Offence incur a Penalty not exceeding One Pound. holders.

Winding up by Court (Part III. of Principal Act).

XI. Where an Order has been made for winding up a Company Power to under the Third Part of the Principal Act, if upon the Application of "T91 s^are"

, i, T . holderubout

the official Liquidator it appears to the Court having Jurisdiction in to abscond,

the Matter of such Winding-up that there is probable Cause for or to remove

0 A qi* conceal

believing that any Contributory to such Company is about to quit any of his the United Kingdom, or otherwise abscond, or to remove or conceal Property, any of his Goods or Chattels, for the Purpose of evading Payment of Calls, or for avoiding Examination in respect of the Affairs of the Company, the Court may, by Warrant directed to such Person or Persons as it thinks fit, cause such Contributory to be arrested, and his Books, Papers, Monies, Securities for Monies, Goods and Chattels,

Arrested Shareholder may apply to Court for hia Discharge.

Calls under Third Part of Principal Act to be Specialty

Debt *

Proviso as to Appointment of Liquidators by Courts other than Court of Bankruptcy.

Provision as to Appointment of Liquidators by Court of Bankruptcy.

20" & 21" VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies 1857.

tels, to be seized, and him and them to be safely kept until such Time as the Court may order.

XII. Any Contributory who has been arrested or whose Goods or Chattels have been seized under any such Warrant as aforesaid may, at any Time after such Arrest or Seizure, apply to the Court that issued the W arrant to discharge him from Custody, or to direct the Delivery to him of any Books, Papers, Monies, Securities for Money, Goods or Chattels, that may have been seized; and the Court shall take such Application into consideration, and shall make such Order thereon as it thinks just.

XIII. All Calls ttiat are authorized by the Third Part of the Principal Act to be made on a Contributory, in the event of the Company to which he belongs being wound up by the Court or voluntarily, shall be deemed in England and Ireland to be Specialty Debts due from such Contributory to the Company.

Official Liquidators (Part III. of Principal Act).

XIV. In Cases within the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in England or Ireland, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Court of the Stannaries, the Court having Jurisdiction shall, in the Appointment of an Official Liquidator or Official Liquidators, consult the Interests of both the Creditors and Contributories, and hear such Creditors or Contributories as it thinks fit to hear with respect to such Appointment. It may, unless both the Creditors and Contributories concur in the Appointment of a single Liquidator, appoint One or more Liquidator or Liquidators to act on behalf of each of such Parties. It may declare that, in case of Difference, any Act may be done by a Majority of Liquidators; or it may require the Liquidators in all Cases of Difference to apply to the Court. It may do anything hereby authorized to be done, either upon the First Appointment of a Liquidator or at any subsequent Stage of the Winding-up; but, notwithstanding anything herein contained, it shall not be obligatory on the Court to appoint more than One Liquidator, if in its Discretion it thinks that such Appointment will be most conducive to Justice.

XV. In Cases within the Jurisdiction of any Court of Bankruptcy the Official Assignee shall, where a Liquidator is appointed by the Creditors, be considered as appointed as the Representative of the Contributories, and where a Liquidator is appointed by the Contributories be considered as appointed as the Representative of the Creditors,

XVI. The

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies, 1857.

XVI. The Power of compromising Debts and Claims given by Extension of the Principal Act to the Liquidators therein mentioned shall be ^promis* deemed to extend to the Compromise of any Calls or Debts due from Debts, any Contributory or alleged Contributory to the Company on Receipt of a smaller Sum in lieu of a greater, or upon such Terms as may be agreed upon, with Power to the Liquidators to take any Security for any Calls or Debts so due, and to give effectual Discharges on Completion of such Compromise, subject to this Proviso, that no such Compromise shall be made by any Official Liquidator except with the Sanction of the Court, and after giving such Notice to Creditors, and subject to such Conditions as to obtaining the Consent of Creditors or any Portion of them, as the Court may direct, and that no such Compromise shall be made by the Liquidators appointed on the voluntary Winding-up of a Company, except with the Sanction of a special Resolution.

XVII. Where a Company is being wound up voluntarily, and the whole or a Portion of its Property is about to be sold to another Company, registered under this Act, the Liquidators of the first-mentioned Company may, with the Sanction of a special Resolution of the Company by whom they were appointed, receive, in Compensation or part Compensation for such Sale, Shares in such other Company, for the Purpose of Distribution amongst the Shareholders of the Company being wound up, or may enter into any other Arrangement whereby the Shareholders of the Company being wound up may, in lieu of receiving Cash or Shares, or in addition thereto, participate in the Profits of or receive any other Benefit from the purchasing Company; and any Sale made or Arrangement entered into by the Liquidators in pursuance of this Section shall be binding on the Shareholders of the Company being wound up, subject to this Proviso, that if any Shareholder in the Company being wound up who has not voted in favour of the special Resolution passed by his Company at either of the Meetings held for passing the same expresses his Dissent from any such special Resolution, in Writing addressed to the Liquidators or One of them, and left at the registered Office of the Company, not later than Seven Days after the Date of the last of the Meetings at which such special Resolution was passed, such dissentient Shareholder may require the Liquidators to do such One of the following Things as they may prefer; that is to say, either to abstain from carrying such Resolution into effect, or to purchase the Shares held by the dissentient Shareholders or Shareholder, at such Price as may be agreed upon or settled by Arbitration, such Purchase Money to be paid before the Company is dissolved, and to be raised by the Liquidators in such Manner as may be determined by special Resolution.

P XVIII. In

Power for Liquidators to accept Shares as a Consideration for Sale of Property of Company.

20° & 2]" VICTORIA, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies , 1857.

Power of XVIII. In the Case of a Company being wound up voluntarily, to callGene- Liquidators may, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of ral Meeting, such Winding-up, summon General Meetings of the Company for the Purpose of obtaining the Sanction of the Company by a special Resolution, or for such other Purposes as they think fit.

Power of Court to adopt Proceedings of voluntary Winding-up.

Penalty on Liquidators not reporting Dissolution of Company to Registrar.

XIX. Where a Company is in course of being wound up voluntarily, and Proceedings are taken for the Purpose of having the same wound up by the Court, the Court may, if it thinks fit, notwithstanding that it makes an Order directing the Company to be wound up by the Court, provide in such Order or in any other Order for the Adoption of all or any of the Proceedings taken in the course of the voluntary Wiuding-up: It may also, instead of making an Order that the Company should be altogether wound up by the Court, direct that the voluntary Winding-up should continue, but subject to such Supervision of the Court, and with such Liberty for Creditors, Contributories, or others to apply to the Court, and generally upon such Terms and subject to such Conditions as the Court thinks just.

XX. If the Liquidators make default in reporting to the Registrar, in the Case of a Company being wound up by the Court, the Decree declaring the Company to be dissolved, and in the Case of a Company being wound up voluntarily, the Resolution declaring the Company to have been fairly wound up, they shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which they are so in default, and moreover shall not, while so in default, be entitled to recover any Compensation for their Services as Liquidators.

Remedy for XXI. If at the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Date of having^18 the Dissolution of any Company that has been wound up there their Hands remain in the Hands of the Liquidators any Money, Shares, or other buted*Assets ProPertiy which they have been unable, by reason of the Absence or of the Com- Death of any Persons entitled thereto, or for any other Reason, to panjr- distribute amongst the Parties so entitled, the Liquidators shall be

deemed to be Trustees of such Monies, Shares, or other Property, within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reigp of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-six, and intituled An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees, and of any Act amending the same, and may pay or transfer such Monies, Shares, or other Property into the Court of Chancery accordingly.

Proviso as to Alterations in Table B.

Alteration of Forms (Part III. of Pr incipal Act).

XXII. No Alteration made by the Board of Trade in the Table marked B. contained in the Schedule to the Principal Act shall affect any Company registered prior to the Date of such Alteration, or

repeal

59

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies, 1857.

repeal as respects such Company any Portion of such Table, unless such Alteration is adopted by special Resolution.

Repeal (Part V. of Principal Act.)

XXIII. The 107th Section of the Principal Act shall be repealed, Repeal of '. and in lieu thereof be it enacted, That,  Princi-of

(1.) An Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present pal Act. Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, and intituled An Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies; and

(2.) An Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-eight, intituled An Act to amend an Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies; and (3.) The Limited Liability Act, 1855,

Shall be deemed to have been and still to remain unrepealed as to any Company completely registered which has not obtained Registration under the Principal Act, until such Time as such Company obtains Registration under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, but from and after such Time, and not before, shall be repealed as to such last-mentioned Company; and, subject as aforesaid, all the Acts mentioned in this Section shall be repealed.

Costs bp Limited Companies.

XXIV. Where a Limited Company is Plaintiff or Pursuer in any Provision Action, Suit, or other legal Proceeding, any Judge having Juris- Actions* diction in the Matter may, if it be proved to his Satisfaction that brought by there is Reason to believe that if the Defendant be successful in his Defence the Assets of the Company will be insufficient to pay his Companies. Costs, require sufficient Security to be given for such Costs, and may stay all Proceedings until such Security be given.

Temporary Provisions (Part V. of Principal Act).

XXV. Where any Company completely registered under the said Provisions Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, as to (-om"

L ° ° v j j ? panies com *

Chapter One hundred and ten, has obtained Registration under the pietely

Principal Act after the Third of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, but before the passing of this Act, such Regis- 7 & 8 Vict.

tration shall be as effectual to all Intents as if it had taken place c-110-

on or before the said Third Day of November' One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

XXVI. The One hundred shall be repealed.

and tenth Section of the Principal Act Repeal of

r Section 110.

of Principal

XXVII. Every Act.

Time within which completely registered Companies are required to register.

Penalty on Company not registering.

Power for Companies to register at their Discretion.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies, 1857.

XXVII. Every Company completely registered under the said Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, including any Company that has obtained a Certificate of Complete Registration under "The Limited Liability Act, 1855," but excluding any Company formed for the Purpose of Insurance, shall, if it has not already registered under the Principal Act, register under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, on or before the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, or incur such Penalty as is herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII. If any Company hereby required to register under the Joint Stock Companies Acts makes default in registering on or before the said Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, then, from and after such Day until the Day on which such Company is registered under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, the following Consequences shall ensue; (that is to say,)

(1.) The Company shall be incapable of suing either at Law or in Equity, but shall not be incapable of being made a Defendant to a Suit either at Law or in Equity:

(2.) No Dividend shall be payable:

(3.) Each Director or Manager of the Company shall for each Day during which the Company is in default incur a Penalty of Five Pounds, and such Penalty may be recovered by any Person, and be applied by him to his own Use: Nevertheless such Default shall not render the Company so being in default illegal, nor subject it to any Penalty or Disability other than as specified in this Section.

XXIX. Every Company consisting of Seven or more Shareholders, having a Capital of fixed Amount, divided into Shares, also of fixed Amount, duly constituted by Law prior to the passing of this Act, and not being a Company hereby required to be registered, may at any Time hereafter, upon Compliance with the Provisions of the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, register itself as a Company under such Acts, with or without Limited Liability; subject to this Proviso, that no Company shall be registered as a Limited Company unless either the Liability of the Shareholders is already limited to the Amount of the unpaid Calls on their Shares, or an Assent to its being so registered has been given by Three Fourths in Number and Value of such of its Shareholders as may have been present, personally or by Proxy, in Cases where Proxies are allowed by the Regulations of the Company at some General Meeting summoned for that Purpose.

XXX. Where

61

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies 1857.

XXX. Where au existing Company, authorized to register under Power for the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 185", has had the wlwle to

or any Portion of its Capital converted into Stock, such Company register shall, as to the Capital so converted, instead of delivering to the Registrar the Statement of Capital and Shares required by the Principal stead of Act, deliver to the Registrar a Statement of the Amount of Stock Shares-belonging to the Company, and the Names of the Persons who were Holders of such Stock, on some Day to be named in the Statement, not more than Six Days before the Day of Registration.

XXXI. The List of Shareholders required by Section One Provision as

hundred and eleven of the Principal Act to be delivered to the Shareholders Registrar need not be made up to the Day of the Registration of1 the required by Company, but may be made up to any Day not more than Six principal Days before such Day of Registration. Act.

XXXII. No Fees shall be charged in respect of the Registration Exemption under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, of any Com- companies pany existing at the Date of this Act, and required or authorized to from Pay-be registered by the said Joint Stock Companies Acts or either of ment ofFee8, them, in Cases where such Company is not registered as a Limited Company, or where previously to its being registered as a Limited Company, the Liability of the Shareholders was limited by some other Act of Parliament or by Letters Patent.

XXXIII. The Hundred and thirteenth Section of the Principal Grant of Act shall be repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows:

Upon Compliance with the Requisitions of the Joint Stock Com- tion, and panies Acts, 1856, 1857, respecting Registration, the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies shall certify under his Hand that the Company applying for Registration is incorporated as a Company, under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, and in the Case of a Limited Company that it is limited, and thereupon such Company shall be incorporated accordingly; and all Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, Deed of Settlement, Letters Patent, or other Instrument constituting or regulating any Company that has been registered under the Provisions of the said One hundred and thirteenth Section, or any Company that may hereafter be registered under this Section, shall be deemed to be Regulations of the Company, in the same Manner as if they were contained in a registered Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association; and all the Provisions of the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, shall apply to such Company, in the same Manner in all respects as if it had been originally incorporated under such Acts, subject to the Q Reservation

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Joint Stock Companies Act, 1857.

Reservation in favour of Creditors contained in the Principal Act, and to the following Provisoes:

(1.) That Table B. shall not, unless adopted by special Resolution, apply to any such Company as is mentioned in this Section:

(2.) That no Company shall have Power to alter any Provision contained in any Act of Parliament relating to the Company:

(3.) That no Company shall have Power, without the Sanction of the Board of Trade, to alter any Provision contained in any Letters Patent relating to the Company:

(4.) That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Company to alter any such Provisions contained in any Deed of Settlement, Letters Patent, or other Instrument constituting or regulating the Company, as would, if such Company had originally been incorporated under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, have been contained in the Memorandum of Association, and are not authorized to be altered by such last-mentioned Acts:

But nothing herein contained shall derogate from any Power of altering its Constitution or Regulations which may be vested in any existing Company by virtue of any such Act of Parliament, Deed of Settlement, Letters Patent, or other Instrument constituting or regulating the Company: Moreover the Repeal of the said One hundred and thirteenth Section of the Principal Act shall not affect any Right acquired under the Section so repealed.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

[27th July 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, intituled 6 & 7 W.4. Act to consolidate and amend, the Lavas relating to the - c'116 *

ment of Public Money by Ghrand Juries in Ireland, great Loss and Inconvenience has arisen to the Public from the Want of proper Contractors to tender at adjourned Road Sessions for the Execution of Works previously sanctioned at the First Sessions: And whereas it is expedient in such Cases to make further Provision for the Repair, Maintenance, and Construction of such Public Works: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

R I. When

When no Contract entered into for Works approved of at Road Sessions, Grand Jury may present for the same.

Where Work is given in charge to County Surveyor Treasurer to make Payments.

This and recited Act construed together.

Grand Juries (Ireland) Act (1836) Amendment.

I. When any Application for the Repair, Maintenance, or Construction of any Public Work or Road shall have been approved of at Road Sessions, and duly advertised for Tenders in the Manner directed and provided for in the said recited Act, if no proper Contractor shall tender at the adjourned Sessions, or if no Proposal shall be made or accepted for such Work, the Grand Jury at the next Assizes shall have Power and Authority to present, for such Work of Repair, Maintenance, or Construction, or the Rebuilding of any Bridge or Gullet, any Sum of Money in such Case necessary, not exceeding the Amount approved of at Road Sessions, and to enter into any Contract for its Execution, or, if no sufficient Contractor can be obtained, to direct the County Surveyor to execute the same, anything in the said reoited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no more shall be expended thereon by or under the Direction of the said County Surveyor than the Amount approved of at Road Sessions.

II. When any Work shall be given in charge to the County Surveyor for Execution by any Grand Jury under the Authority of the ' said recited Act or of this Act, the Treasurer of the County shall from Time to Time, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the Grand Jury may direct, out of any Monies in his Hands available for the general Purposes of the County, pay and advance such Sums to Contractors, Artificers, or Workmen as may be duly certified by such Surveyor, not exceeding the Sum presented for such Work as aforesaid, and such Monies so advanced shall be replaced by the Monies raised and levied under said Presentment: Provided nevertheless, that any Sums so expended by the said County Surveyor shall be duly accounted for cn the Oath of the said County Surveyor at the next Assizes.

III. This Act and the said recited Act shall be construed as One Act.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to discontinue the taking of Toll on the Turnpike Roads now existing in Ireland, and to provide for the Maintenance of such Roads as public Roads, and for the Discharge of the Debts due thereon, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th Jidy 1857.]

WHEREAS, under the Provisions of the Acts recited in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, Trustees were appointed for the Management and Maintenance of the Roads therein mentioned, with Power to levy Tolls thereon: And whereas Her Majesty was, on the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, pleased to issue a Commission under the Great Seal to Edward Clements Esquire, directing him to inquire and report on the Propriety of maintaining or abolishing all or any of the Turnpike Roads existing in Ireland, and the Condition of each of the said Roads, and the Receipt and Expenditure, and the Accounts of each Trust, and the Amount of Debts and Charges thereon, and the original Value and Market Value, in each of the last Ten Years, of the Debentures, and the Number of Debenture Holders, and the Mode of paying off the said Debentures which S should

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

20°&21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

should appear to the said Commissioner most just and equitable, and the Proportion thereof which should be charged to the respective Counties or Baronies concerned: And whereas the said Commissioner has since made his Report to Her Majesty, and has therein reported in favour of abolishing the Turnpikes on the said Roads, and has recommended that the said Roads should be maintained as the other free Highways of the Counties in which they may be situated, and has offered Suggestions as to the Mode in which the said Turnpike Trusts should be abolished, and the Debentures and Debts due thereon should be valued, apportioned, and discharged: And whereas it is expedient that certain Recommendations of the said Commissioner should be carried into effect: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Turnpikes

Abolition Act [Ireland), 1857."

II. In the Construction and for the Purposes of this Act (if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter) the following Terms shall have the respective Meanings herein-after assigned to them; that is to say,

The Woid "Person" shall include Corporation, whether sole or aggregate:

"The Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being: "Rents" shall mean any Rents or Annuities secured upon or payable out of the Tolls levied under any of the Acts mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed:

"Rentholder" shall mean any Person entitled to any such Trents:

. " The County Rates," or " Rates," shall in respect of the County of the City of Limerick mean the Rates of the Borough of Limerick

" The Grand Jury" shall in respect of the County of the City of Limerick mean the Council of the Borough of Limerick:

"Mortgage " shall include Debenture and every Security for Money charged upon the Tolls levied under the Provisions of any of the Acts mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed: " Mortgagee" shall mean any Person entitled to any such Security, and shall include " Debenture Holder:"

"Trustees," as regards Turnpike Trusts, shall include Commissioners and Directors:

" County " shall include County of a City or County of a Town:

" Barony " shall include Half Barony:

" Officer"

20'& 21° VICTORIA; , Cap. 16. 71

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

"Officer" shall include Secretary, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, and Toll Collector:

" Road " shall inelude Bridges and all other Works appertaining to the Road:

"Treasurer of the County" shall include the Secretary of the Grand Jury, as the Case may be.

III. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, by Warrant under Commis-his Hand, to appoint any fit Person to be the Commissioner for carrying this Act into execution, and upon any Vacancy in the Office for executing of such Commissioner to appoint some other fit Person to such Office; tbo Act' and the said Person so to be from Time to Time appointed shall be

the Commissioner for executing this Act, and shall be styled " The Turnpikes Abolition Commissioner."

IV. All Certificates, Awards, or other Instruments made by or Authcniica-proceeding from the Commissioner in pursuance of this Act shall be ^°"u°^onta sufficiently authenticated if under the Hand of the Commissioner, and the same may be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print; and all such Certificates, Awards, and other Instruments, or Copies thereof, purporting to be executed by the Commissioner, shall be Evidence that such Certificates, Awards, or other Instruments were duly made and executed, and that all the Requisitions of this Act in relation thereto were complied with, unless the contrary be shown.

V. All Certificates, Awards, and other Instruments made or Proceeding executed pursuant to this Act by the Commissioner, and all Pro- , ° '

r J J missioner to

ceedings under this Act of such Commissioner, shall be binding and be binding,

conclusive (except as in this Act otherwise provided) on all Parties removable by

thereto and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall not be Certiorari,

removed or removable by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process *c *

into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin.

VI. All Notices and other Documents by this Act directed to be Notices may delivered or given, except such as are to be given by Advertisement, j^sstent bjr may be sent by . Post.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct such Sum Remnnera-

as he shall think fit, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to be paid 'jon of Commissioner.

to the Commissioner to be appointed under this Act, ns a Remuneration for his Services in carrying this Act into execution, and the Remuneration of such Commissioner shall be provided and paid as Part of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution; provided, that if such Commissioner should die, be removed, of vacate his

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

Office before the making of a General Award as by this Act provided, then it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to direct that such Portion only as to the Lord Lieutenant shall seem just and reasonable of the Remuneration so originally directed to be paid to the Commissioner so dying, being removed, or vacating his Office, shall be paid in respect of the Services of such Commissioner.

Declaration VIII. The Commissioner appointed under this Act shall, before byCommU- enters upon the 'Execution of his Office, make the following sioner before Declaration before One of the Justices of the Court of Queen's acting. Bench or Common Pleas or One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland; that is to say,

J A.B. do solemnly declare, That I will faithfully, impartially, and ' honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, fulfil ' all the Powers and Duties of the Commission under "The Turnpikes ' Abolition Act (Ireland), 1857." '

And the Appointment of such Commissioner, with the Time when, and the Name of the Justice or Baron before whom he shall have made the said Declaration, shall be forthwith published in the Dublin Gazette.

Commissioner to proceed to sit for Execution of Act, and to give Notice of Sittings.

Sittings may be adjourned.

IX. The Commissioner shall proceed, so soon as he conveniently can after the passing of this Act, to sit for the Execution thereof, and before proceeding to inquire into the Affairs of any Trust shall cause Notice to be given of the Day and Time at which he shall determine to hold any Sitting other than adjourned Sittings, and of the Purpose thereof, by Advertisement, to be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in each of the Counties in which may be situate the Turnpike Trusts in respect of which such Sitting may be intended to be held, Fourteen Days at least before the Time fixed for holding any such Sitting; and the Commissioner shall have Power to adjourn his Sittings from Time to Time and from Place to Place, as may be

found necessary.

Commissioner to inquire into Debts, Conditions, &c. of Trusts.

X. The Commissioner shall make, so far as he shall deem necessary in order to the Execution of the several Powers and Duties hereby vested in him, full and diligent Inquiry into the Revenue and Debts (if any) of each of the several Turnpike Trusts to which the Acts of Parliament in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed apply, and shall examine and ascertain the Amount and Nature of all Mortgages, Rents, and other Debts (if any) to which he shall consider each such Trust to be liable, and shall ascertain all Particulars relating to such Trust which he shall deem essential; and the Commissioner shall require to be produced, and shall examine and compare with the Registries thereof, all Mortgages or other Securities in respect of

which

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16. ?3

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

which any Claims upon the Tolls of such Turnpike Trusts, or any of them, shall be made; and in case it shall appear to the Commis- When sioner, by the Books of such Trust or by any other Evidence satisfactory to the Commissioner, that any Person is a bona fide Mortgagee, missioner Rentholder, or Creditor of such Trust, though the Mortgage or j^nthddera Security of such Person may have been lost, mislaid, or destroyed, among Cre-the Commissioner shall include such Person among the Mortgagees, d, tors-Rentholders, or Creditors of such Trust in respect thereof.

XI. The Commissioner may, by Summons under his Hand, require Power to the Attendance before him, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in "mon

Witnesses

such Summons, of any Trustee or Officer of any of the said Trusts, and to re-as well as of any other Person whom he may think fit to examine <Jmr?1>r0:

_ ' w ., duction of

upon any Question or Matter connected with or relating to the Documents.

Execution of this Act, and may examine upon Oath any such

Trustee, Officer, or Person, and may require the Production of any

Books, Accounts, Maps, Acts of Parliament, or other Documents

which the Commissioner may consider to relate to any such Question

or Matter: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged by any such Summons to go or travel more than Sixty Miles from the Place of his usual Abode; and the Commissioner may allow to any Witness

attending pursuant to any such Summons such Expenses as he may

deem reasonable.

XII. Every Person who, being examined under the Authority of Penalty this Act by the Commissioner, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and every dence, re-Person who, being summoned as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend or to give Evidence, and every Person who shall dence, de-wilfully alter, suppress, conceal, destroy, or refuse to produce any such Books, Accounts, Maps, Acts of Parliament, or other Documents &c. as aforesaid, shall be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XIII. The Commissioner shall make a full and particular Record Record of in Writing of such his Proceedings in the Execution of this Act as he Proceedin"s* shall deem essential.

XIV. So soon as the Commissioner shall have ascertained all Commis-such Particulars relating to any such Turnpike Trust as he shall deem essential, he shall proceed to estimate and determine the Sums Mortgages to be payable in respect of the Mortgages to the Payment of which gj^ust he shall consider such Trust to be liable, in the Manner next hereinafter provided; that is to say, the Sums to be payable in respect T of

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

of such Mortgages shall be the fair and actual Value (if any) of the Principal Sums secured by such Mortgages respectively, and of all Interest due on such Mortgages respectively, excluding nevertheless all such Interest as shall have been due and in arrear for more than Six Years previous to the Fifth Day of next after, the passing of this Act, which last-mentioned Interest the Commissioner shall in respect of the said Trust Roads deduct and disallow.

XV. The Commissioner shall in like Manner ascertain the Nature and Amount of all Rents charged upon and payable out of the Tolls of any such Trust, and all Rents reserved on Leases; and the Sums to be payable in respect of every such Rent shall be an Annuity of the same annual Amount as such Rent, and for the same Term as such Rent may have been made payable.

Debts so XVI. The Sums and Annuities which the Commissioner shall so ascertained determine to be payable in respect of any such Turnpike Trust shall on^ountteT1 charged upon the Counties and Baronies of the Counties in which nndBuro- the Roads comprised in such Trust are locally situate, as next herein-

nies' after provided; that is to say, where the whole of the Roads

comprised in any such Trust shall be locally situate in One County only, One Half of such Charges and Annuities shall be apportioned to the County and the other Half to the Barony, or between the Baronies thereof in which such Roads are situate, in proportion to the Length of such Roads in each such Barony; and where the Roads comprised in any such Trust shall be locally situate in more Counties than One, such Charges and Annuities shall be divided, first, between such Counties, by allotting specific Charges and Annuities to each such County as nearly in proportion to the Length of such Roads in each such County as the Number and Amount of such Charges and Annuities will admit, and the specific Charges and Annuities so allotted to each such County shall be then apportioned between such County and the Baronies thereof as herein-before provided with respect to Trusts locally situate in One County only; provided, that when in the Division between such Counties of the Charges and Annuities in respect of any particular Trust any greater Proportion of such Charges and Annuities shall have been allotted to any such County than in the Proportion of such Road therein, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner to take the same into account in dividing the Charges and Annuities in respect of any other of such Trusts, or in the apportioning of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, herein-after mentioned, so as to make the aggregate of Charges and Annuities upon each such County in respect of such Roads therein locally situate as nearly as possible in the Proportions herein-before provided; provided also, that when the Sum payable in

Commissioner to ascertain Rents payable by each Trust.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

respect of any specific Mortgage shall be of such Amount that the same cannot be properly allotted in the Manner aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioner to divide the same rateably between Counties and Baronies, anything herein contained with regard to allotting specific Sums to each County or Barony to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. The Commissioner shall thereupon make, in the Case of Award of each Turnpike Trust, a separate Award in Writing, and shall specify Commia-therein the Names of all such Persons as he shall have determined

to be entitled to any Monies as Mortgagees or Creditors of such Trust, or to any Annuities, together with the Sums of Money or Annuities to which, in the Judgment of the Commissioner, the said Persons shall be respectively entitled, and in case of Mortgagees, whether the Sums of Money payable to such Mortgagees respectively shall be payable in One or more Instalments or otherwise, and shall also specify therein the Names of all such Persons as shall have claimed or who shall appear to be Creditors or Mortgagees or Rentholders of such Trust to whom the Commissioner shall have determined to award no Sum, and shall also specify therein the Apportionment which the Commissioner shall have made as aforesaid of the Sums of Money or Annuities payable in respect of such Trust by the Coiwties or Baronies in which such Trust Roads shall be situate, and the Commissioner shall forthwith deliver a Copy of his Award to the Clerk or other Officer of such Trust; and the said Clerk or other Officer shall, within Three Days from the Delivery of such Award, give Notice in Writing to the several Persons therein named of the Particulars of such Award regarding such Persons respectively.

XVIII. It shall be lawful for any Creditor of any Turnpike Trust Parties dis-by this Act abolished who shall be dis-satisfied with the Award of ^wanfmay* the Commissioner, at the Assizes for the County in which the Roads enter a

or the greatest Part thereof comprised in such Trust shall be locally Traverse, situate, held next after the Day' he shall have received Notice in Writing from the Clerk or other Officer of such Trust of the Particulars of such Award, or where such Assizes are holden within less than Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of such Notice, then at the next subsequent Assizes, upon giving Ten Days Notice in Writing previously to such Assizes to the Commissioner of the Amount intended to be claimed, to have a Traverse for Damages entered in the Crown Book in respect of such Claim, and thereupon such Traverse shall be tried in like Manner, and like Proceedings shall be had in respect thereof, and such Traverse shall be subject to the like Provisions as far as the same can be applied, as in the Case of Traverses entered for Damages under the Acts for consolidating

Awards may be to Representatives of Persons under Disabilities.

The Cost of carrying Act into execution, how to be paid.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

solidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Monies by Grand Juries in Ireland: Provided always, that the Sum to be awarded or allowed as to the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Trial of every such Traverse shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and that no Party shall have any Remedy for the Purpose of impeaching the Amount ascertained by such Award other than by means of such Traverse: Provided also, that the Jury which shall try such Traverse shall be sworn a true Verdict to give, whether any and what Damages will be sustained by the Traverser, regard being had to the fair actual Value of the Principal Sums secured to such Creditor, or of any Interest claimed to be due thereon (as the Case may be); and the Entry of the Verdict of the Jury in case of each Traverse in the Crown Book shall bt a final Decision and binding upon all Parties interested; and the Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, if the Verdict be in favour of the Traverser, to amend his General Award in conformity with such Verdict; and in case any Sum shall be awarded to the Traverser in respect of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Trial of such Traverse, such Sum shall be added to the Amount specified to be due to such Creditor in such General Award; and any Costs, Charges, or Expenses incurred by the Commissioner, either for his personal Attendance or for Witnesses or otherwise in respect of such Traverse, shall be deemed and taken to be Expenses incurred by him in carrying this Act into execution.

XIX. Where any Monies or Annuities shall be due to any Infant, the Award may be made for the Payment of the Sum or Annuity therein specified to the Guardian of such Infant, or if there shall be no Guardian then to any Trustee for such Infant; and if any Monies or Annuities shall be due to a Lunatic or Idiot, then the Award may be made for such Payment to the Committee of such Lunatic or Idiot; and where any Monies or Annuities shall be due to any Person in trust for others, the Award may be made for such Payment to the Trustee, or in case of the Refusal to act or Incapacity of any such Trustee, or if for any other Cause it shall to the Commissioner appear expedient, then the Commissioner by his said Award, or by any Writing under his Hand, may appoint another Trustee for the Purpose of receiving such Payment.

XX. All the Expenses of the Commissioner in carrying this Act into execution shall be paid as by this Act provided; and the Commissioner shall keep an Account of all Expenses incurred by him in carrying this Act into execution, and by his Award may certify the Amount thereof; and the Commissioner shall apportion the Amount of such Expenses so certified between the Counties and the Baronies

of

20°&21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16. 77

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

of the Counties in which the said Turnpike Trusts are situate, as herein provided with respect to Charges for Roads locally situate in more than One County; and the said Awards of the Commissioner shall have the same Force and Effect as any other Awards made in pursuance of this Act; provided, that in dividing between Counties such Expenses the Commissioner may divide the same rateably and without allotting specific Sums, anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided also, that the Expenses of the Commissioner, so certified, shall be the First Charge on all Monies applicable to such Purpose which shall come to the Hand of the Commissioner by virtue of this Act, in preference to all such Claims whatsoever.

XXI. So soon as conveniently may be after the Amount of the Commis-Sums and Annuities payable to the several Mortgagees, Creditors, "^rat0 and Rentholders of the Trusts or any of them, to which the Acts General in Schedule (A.) to this Act apply, shall have been ascertained, under Award* this Act, so far as the Commissioner may be enabled to ascertain the same, and after the Commissioner shall have ascertained the Amount of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, and shall have made the several Awards by this Act directtd, and in case of any Award which shall have been traversed, so soon after such Traverse shall have been determined, the Commissioner shall draw up a General Award, which shall specify the specific Sums and Annuities payable to the Mortgagees, Creditors, and Rentholders of the said Trusts allotted by the Commissioner to each County, and the Apportionment of each such specific Sum and Annuity between such County and the Baronies thereof, and in like Manner the Division and Apportionment made by the Commissioner in respect of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, and the Persons to whom the said Sums, Annuities, and Expenses shall be respectively payable; and as regards the specific Sums payable to the Mortgagees, the said Award shall specify whether the same shall be payable in One or more Instalments, or whether the Interest only on such specific Sums, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum> shall, for a certain Time mentioned therein, be so payable, and in such Case within what Period the Principal Sums payable to such Mortgagees shall be paid off; and as regards the said Annuities, the said Award shall specify the Terms or Periods during which they shall be respectively payable: Provided always, that the Sums payable in respect of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution shall be payable in One Instalment, and not otherwise, and the said Award shall specify that such Sums shall be so payable; provided also, that in such General Award the Commissioner may make such Alterations in the Divisions and Apportionments made in his previous U Awards

Award to be enrolled, &e.

Commissioner may make supplemental Awards.

Grand Juries to present Sums and Annuities payable pursuant to this Act.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

Awards under this Act as he may deem necessary to render the aggregate of the Charges upon each County and the Baronies thereof as nearly as possible in the Proportion by this Act directed.

XXII. Such General Award, when executed by the Commissioner, shall be enrolled in the Rolls Office of Her Majesty's Court of Chancery in Ireland within Three Months after the Execution thereof, and a Copy thereof shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of each County in \yhich may be situate any of the said Trusts, and such Clerk of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to receive and deposit the same amongst the Records of the County; and such Award, when so executed and enrolled, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever, and a Copy thereof, certified by the proper Officer of Her Majesty's Rolls Office, shall be Evidence that it was duly made, and that all the Requisitions of this Act in relation thereto were complied with.

XXIII. In case, after such General Award shall have been so made, any Claims shall be made in respect of Mortgages or Rents not included in such General Award, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner to entertain ftie same, and to make supplemental Awards in relation thereto, as herein-before provided with respect to the General Award under this Act, which supplemental Awards shall be considered Amendments of or Additions to such General Award, and shall be enrolled and deposited with the Clerk of the Peace in like Manner, and the Creditors, Mortgagees, and Rentholders included in such supplemental Awards shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered as included in such General Award.

XXIV. The Sums, Annuities, and Expenses which the Commissioner shall have ascertained by the said General Award to be payable by any such County or any Barony thereof shall be payable by the Grand Jury of such County; and the Commissioner shall certify to the Secretary of such Grand Jury the Amount of such Sums of Money and Annuities, and the Manner by and in which the same are to be payable, pursuant to this Act; and such Grand Jury is hereby empowered and required, without Application at Presentment Sessions, to make Presentment of the Principal Sums payable in respect of the said Mortgages or Debts, and the Sums payable in respect of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, or from Time to Time to make Presentment of Interest from the Fifth Day of next after the passing of this Act, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Sums payable in respect of the said Mortgages, as

the Case may be, and of the Amount of the Gales from Time to Time due of such Annuities, to be raised off the County at large or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

any Barony thereof, pursuant to the said Certificate; and in default of such Presentment the Court at the Assizes shall order the Amount of such Principal, Interest, Gales of Annuity, or Expenses of carrying this Act into execution, as the Case may be, to be raised off such County or any Barony thereof, and such Order shall have the Force of a Presentment; and the Treasurer of such County shall insert the Amount of such Principal, Interest, Gales of Annuity,

Expenses, or Debts, as the Case may be, in his Warrants, and the same shall be applotted, raised, and levied as if the same had been duly presented, and when and so soon as the Amount of such Principal or Interest, Gales of Annuity, Expenses, or Debts, shall be raised and received by the Treasurer of the County, such Treasurer shall immediately pay the same to the Persons entitled thereto.

XXV. So soon as the said General Award shall have been exc- Commis-

cuted by the Commissioner, he shall cause to be prepared and shall s, .onc''to ii- i i u i if i give "lort-

deliver to every Mortgagee who shall not be entitled to receive the gagees Cer-

Sum payable to him in One or more Instalments, under the Provisions of this Act, and to every Rentholder entitled under the said General Award to any Monies or Annuities allotted to any particular County, a Mortgage or Security setting forth the Principal Sum secured by such Mortgage, and the Rate of Interest payable thereon or the Annuity to which such Rentholder may be entitled, as the Case may be, and the Counties to which the same have been respectively allotted; and such Mortgage may be in the Form in Schedule (B.) and such Annuity in the Form in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed: Provided always, that no Mortgage or Security shall be given to any such Mortgagee or Rentholder until he shall have delivered up to the said Commissioner every Mortgage or other Security in his Possession or Power whereby the Debt or Rent in respect of which such General Award was made may have been secured.

XXVI. The Treasurer of the County shall keep a Register of Register to all Mortgages and Securities under this Act affecting the County, bekePt and before he shall make any Payment on Foot thereof to the

Parties entitled thereto he shall enter in such Register the Number and Date thereof, and the Sums or Annuity therein specified, and the Name and Description of the Party to whom the same is or are payable; and every such Register shall be open to public Inspection, during Office Hours, at the Office of such Treasurer, without Fee or Reward.

XXVII. Any Mortgagee or Rentholder entitled to any Mort- Register of gage or Annuity under this Act may transfer his Estate and Interest Transfer, therein to any other Person, by Deed duly stamped, truly stating

his

Payments to Persons named in Certificates, &c. to be a Discharge,

Treasurer of County* may deposit Sums awarded in the Court of Chancery.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

his Name, the Date of his Mortgage or Security, the Name and Description of the Parties thereto, and the Consideration for such Transfers; and such Transfer of a Mortgage may be in the Form in Schedule (C.) and such Transfer of an Annuity in the Form in Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and the Treasurer of the County shall keep a Register of such Tranfers; and all such Transfers shall previous to the Payment of any Sum on Foot of the Mortgage or Annuity therein expressed to be transferred be produced to the Treasurer of the County, and such Treasurer shall, without Fee or Reward, cause an Entry to be made in such Register of its Date, and of the Names and Descriptions of the Parties thereto, as stated in the Transfer; and upon any Transfer being so registered, the Transferee, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be entitled to the full Benefit of the Mortgage or Annuity so transferred, and every such Transferee may in like Manner transfer his Estate and Interest in any such Mortgage.

XXVIII. Payment to the Persons named in the said Certificates, Awards, Mortgages, or Securities respectively, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, or to the Guardian of any Infant, or to the Committee of any Idiot or Lunatic, shall be a valid and effectual Payment and Discharge of and in respect to the Monies and Annuities by the said Awards directed to be paid; and the Treasurer of the County may pay any such Monies and Annuities to the Persons whom it shall be made to appear to his Satisfaction are the Persons or Bodies beneficially or as Trustees entitled thereto, and notwithstanding any Error or Omission in the said Awards as to the Persons or the Names or Descriptions of the Persons entitled thereto.

XXIX. If any Trustee entitled to any Money so awarded shall

refuse to accept the same, or if it shall appear to the Treasurer of the County that there is no Person to whom Payment thereof can be lawfully made, as herein-before provided, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer to deposit the said Monies in the Bank of , in the

Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to the Credit (under any Description which shall appeal* to the said Treasurer sufficient) of the Persons entitled thereto; and upon any such Deposit being made the Cashier of the Bank of Ireland shall give the said Treasurer a Receipt for such Money, and thereupon the said Treasurer shall be discharged from all further Responsibility or Duty in regard to the Money so deposited; and upon the Application by Petition of any

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

Party making claim to such Money or any Part thereof, the said Court of Chancery may make such Order in relation thereto as to such Court shall seem fit.

XXX. Upon Payment pursuant to this Act of the Sums in the Claims to said Award mentioned, the Claims of all Persons in respect of the Sums so awarded, and of the Securities or Demands in respect of which Sums shall have been so awarded, shall be extinguished.

XXXI. All Mortgages or Annuities granted under this Act shall Grand Juries be paid off or redeemed within Five Years from the Fifth Day of for^Mortfnt April next after the passing of this Act, and it shall be lawful for g«ges. any such Grand Jury to present such Sum as shall appear to be necessary for that Purpose, to be apportioned as between the County and the Baronies thereof, in the same Proportions as the Mortgages or Annuities to be paid off or redeemed shall have been apportioned; and the Amount of such Presentment shall be raised and levied as any other Monies to be presented, raised, and levied by such Grand Jury.

XXXII. In case any of the said Grand Juries should be desirous of raising the Amount necessary to purchase, pay off, or redeem the Raid Mortgages, Annuities, or any of them, by way of Loan from any Person willing to make Advances of Money for the Purpose, it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Grand Jury at any Assizes to present such .Sum as shall be intended to be raised by Loan, in order to obtain such Advance, and to set forth in such Presentment that the said Sum shall be raised and levied by half-yearly Instalments of not less than Ten Pounds per Centum per, and

likewise to present a Sum sufficient to pay the annual Interest of the Sum so advanced, and of the Balance thereof from Time to Time remaining due, at a Rate not exceeding Six Pounds per Centum per AAnum, and, also to set forth in such Presentment the Proportions thereof, as directed by the said Certificate, to be raised on the County at large or upon any Barony thereof; and it shall be lawful for any such Grand Jury in every such Presentment to nominate and appoint a Committee of not less than Three or more than Five Persons to treat, agree, and contract for a Loan with any Person willing to make the same on the Security of such Presentment, and otherwise to carry the same Presentment into effect; and every such Presentment may be in the Form in Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed.

Power to Grand Juries to borrow Money to pny off or redeem Mortgages.

Grand Jury may appoint Committee to treat, &e> for Loan.

XXXIII. It shall be lawful for the Committee so nominated Power to and appointed, or any Three or more of them, to treat, agree with, and contract for a Loan with any Person willing to make the same Loan.

X on

Loan to be paid to Treasurer.

Treasurer to insert in Warrants Instalments of Loan.

Grand Juries may redeem Mortgages or Annuities.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

in the Faith of such Presentment, and for the Rate of Interest, not exceeding the Limit aforesaid, to be paid in respect of such Loan; and the Terms of every such Contract shall be reduced to Writing on a certified Copy of such Presentment, and signed by the said Committee or any Three or more of them, and by the Person advancing such Money, and shall be delivered to such last-mentioned Person, and held by him as a Security for his Loan until the whole Amount thereof, with Interest, as therein set forth, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XXXIV. The Loan shall be paid in to the Account and to the Credit of the Treasurer of the County, and accounted for by him in like Manner as any other Monies by him received for the Use of the County, and all Securities given by him shall extend to such Monies; and the Treasurer, as soon as the said Loan shall have been so paid in to his Credit as such Treasurer, shall pay and apply the same to and amongst the Persons entitled to the Sums in respect of which such Loan shall have been made.

XXXV. The Treasurer of the County shall, without further Authority or Presentment in that Behalf, issue his Warrant for or include in his general Warrant at each Assizes such Portion of the whole Sum presented by the Grand Jury as aforesaid, together with such Sum for Interest thereon as may be necessary for the Purpose of paying to the Person so advancing Money the Instalments and Interest thereon as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury to restrain the issuing of any such Warrant; and the Sum inserted in such Warrant shall be raised and levied as other Monies directed by any Warrant of such Treasurer are by Law raised and levied; and such Treasurer shall pay the Person so advancing Money all such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of the Presentment and Warrants aforesaid till the whole Loan, with the Interest thereon, shall be paid: Provided always, that all Monies in the Treasurer's Hands shall be applicable to pay the said Instalments of Principal and the Interest thereon, according to the Terms of any such Loan; and if it shall happen that any Money shall be raised by virtue of any such Presentment which shall not be required for the Purposes for which it shall have been so raised, the same shall be carried to the Credit of the County or Barony from which it shall have been raised.

XXXVI. So soon as the Amount of the Presentment so made or the Loan so contracted for the Purpose of purchasing, paying off, or redeeming any such Mortgages or Annuities shall have been paid to or received by the Treasurer of the County, he shall apply the same

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

in paying to such Mortgagees the Principal Sum due on Foot of their said Mortgages, or such less Sum as the said Mortgagees may be willing or shall have agreed to accept for their said Mortgages, or in redeeming the said Annuities upon such Terms as the said Annuitants may be willing to accept: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to pay the said Annuitants in redemption of their said Annuities any greater Sum than at the Rate of One hundred Pounds for every Four Pounds of Annuity.

XXXVII. When any such Mortgage or Annuity shall have been Redeemed paid off or redeemed, the same shall be transferred by the Mortgagee

or Annuitant to the Treasurer in the Manner herein provided, and the idea to be Deed of Transfer shall express that the same has been transferred to cancelled* the said Treasurer, in trust for the County; and thereupon the said Mortgage or Annuity shall be extinguished, and the Security therefor shall be cancelled by the Treasurer, and delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, to be kept among the Records of the County; and the said Treasurer shall enter in the said Transfer Book a Memorandum that the said Security has been so cancelled and delivered.

XXXVIII. On and after the Fifth Day of next after the Acts in

passing of this Act, the several Acts set forth in Schedule (A.) to Schodiilc, -i ' 7 (A.)repenled

this Act annexed, or any other Act or Acts for amending or con- 0n and after

tiauing the 6ame, are hereby repealed, and from thenceforth the

Trustees appointed by the said Acts shall be discharged from the Road's de-

Execution of the Trusts and Powers thereby vested in them, and the beare^b|°

Collection and taking of Tolls upon the Roads in the said Acts com- Roads.

prised shall absolutely cease; and upon and from the said Fifth Day

+of April the said Roads shall be and become and the same are hereby declared to be public Roads of the Counties in which such Roads are respectively situate, and shall be maintained and kept in repair in like Manner and shall be subject to the like Provisions as other public Roads within the said several Counties.

XXXIX. The Officers employed under the said Acts hereby Officers to repealed shall, within Thirty Days after the said Fifth Day of ac£ount>and

r J J J deliver up

April, make up, sign, and balance their Accounts up to the said Documents,

Fifth Day of April, and shall lay the same before the Commis- &c-sioner, who is hereby authorized to examine such Officers upon Oath as to the Truth of their Accounts, and to accept and receive any Balance that may be due by any such Officer; and every such Officer shall pay or deliver to the Commissioner, or to such Person as he shall direct and appoint to receive the same, all Monies, Balances, Securities, Vouchers, Receipts, Accounts, and other Documents, and also all Materials, Tools, Implements, and other Things, in his Possession

or

84 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

or Control by virtue of his said Office; and if any such Officer shall neglect or refuse to render such Accounts, or to pay any such Balance, or to deliver to the Commissioner or the Person appointed by him as aforesaid any of the Documents or Things aforesaid in his Possession or Control by virtue of his said Office, such Officer shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

Penalties, XL. All Fines or Penalties inflicted or imposed by this Act &c. how to may sue(j for an(j recovered in a summary Way by the Order and

be recovered. *; j j j

Adjudication of any Justice or Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions, under and subject to the several Provisions and Regulations relating to summary Jurisdiction contained in " The Petty Sessions (

Act, 1851," and shall be applied in the Manner by the said Act directed.

Property of Trusts to vest in Commissioner.

XLI. Upon and from the said Fifth Day of April, all Lands, Quarries, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Toll Bars, Toll Gates, Side Gates, Chains, Lamps, Lamp Posts, Monies, Choses in Action, and all other Property vested in or belonging to the Trustees of the several Roads for the Purposes of the Trust thereof, shall vest in the Commissioner for such Estate or Interest as the said Trustees shall have therein, and the said Trustees and their Officers, and all other Persons in possession thereof, shall surrender the same, and all the Title Deeds, Leases, Contracts, Instruments, or Things relating thereto, to the Commissioner, to be by him applied as by this Act directed.

Power to XLII. If any Toll Collector or other Person refuse or neglect, Petty Ses* a^ter Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to that Effect, to deliver sions to give up to the Commissioner, or to any Person appointed by him for that of°Toll81°n Purpose> any Toll House or other Building or Property vested in the House, &c. Commissioner under the Provisions of this Act, or any Matters or to Commis- Things relating thereto, in the Possession or Custody of such Toll sioner. Collector or other Person, then, upon Application being made by the Commissioner to the Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions for the District within which such Offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order any Constable, with proper Assistance, to enter upon such Toll House or other Building, and to remove any Person found therein, and to take possession thereof, or of any such Property, Matter, or Thing, and to deliver the same to the Commissioner or any Person appointed by him for that Purpose.

XLIII. The

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

XLIII. The Commissioner shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Fifth Day of April, sell and dispose or authorize the Sale and Disposal of the Estate and Interest in such of the Lands or other Real Property of each of the said Turnpike Trusts so vested in him as shall not be required for the Purposes of the said Roads, and the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, and of such Personal Property as aforesaid, either by Public Auction or by Private Contract, and either in One Lot or in several Lots, as to him shall seem fit, to such Persons as shall be willing to become the Purchasers thereof or of any Part thereof; and the Commissioner shall have full Power and Authority to enter into all necessary Contracts for Sales, or to rescind or vary the same, and to give full and effectual Discharges for the Purchase Money thereof or any Part thereof, and to execute all necessary Conveyances for vesting the same in the Purchaser thereof or any Part thereof, for all the Estate or Interest therein which shall be vested in the Commissioner; and the Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to take down and remove all or any Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Toll Bars, Toll Gates, Side Gates, Chains, or other Things which shall encroach upon the Roads or any of them, and may, if he think fit, take down or remove all or any other. Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Toll Bars, Toll Gates, Side Gates, Chains, or other Things, the Property of the said Turnpike Trusts, and may sell and dispose of the Materials thereof in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that before the Commissioner shall sell and dispose of or offer for Sale and Disposal any Piece of Ground not wanted for the Purposes of the Road, he shall offer the same to the Person whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and if such Person shall thereupon refuse or shall not agree to purchase the same, such Land may be sold to any Person who may be willing to become the Purchaser thereof as aforesaid.

XLIV. All Monies to arise from such Sales of the Property of any such Turnpike Trust, after deducting the necessary Expenses thereof, and all Monies to be received from the Trustees or Officers of any such Turnpike Trust, shall be applied by the Commissioner, in the first instance, in discharge of the Expenses of carrying this Act into execution; and the several Counties or the Baronies thereof wherein is situate the Turnpike Trust from which such Monies shall have arisen shall be entitled to Credit for the Amount of such Monies so applied, and the Commissioner shall allocate the same accordingly; and the Commissioner shall from Time to Time certify to the Treasurer of any such County the Sum to Credit for which such County or any Barony thereof shall be entitled, and thereupon it shall be lawful lor such Grand Jury to deduct from any Present-Y ment

Trust Property to be sold.

Application of Produce of Sales and Balances in Hands of Trustees.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

ment to be made and levied off' any such County or Barony thereof, r under the Provisions of this Act, the Amount to. Credit for which such County or Barony shall be so certified to be entitled; and the Balance of all Monies so arising shall in like Manner be so allocated, and shall be paid to the Treasurers of the said Counties, and shall be by the said Treasurers applied in aid of the Presentments to be made under this Act in relation to such Trust.

87

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland). SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Date and Chapter of Act Title of Act

Local and Personal Acts.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 111. An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle in the County of Limerick to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville in the County of Cork.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 88. - An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Atby in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castlecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the T*>wn of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer.

5 8s G Vict. c. 92. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castlecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer, so far as relates to the Second Division of the said Road.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 112. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, and Tipperary, and also the Road from the Town of Clonmel through the County of Waterford to the Cross Roads of Knocklofty in the said County of Tipperary.

2 & 3 Will. 4 c. 59. - An Act for more effectually repairing the Rond leading from Shankhill in the County of Kilkenny to the City of Waterford.

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 112. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Towns of Castieblayney and Cart ickmacross in the County of Monaghan.

11 & 12 Vict c. 50. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads " from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to " the Towns of Castieblayney and Carrickmacross in the " County of Monaghan."

I & 2 Vict. c. 74. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth.

5 & 6 Vict c. 76. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Road from Dundalk in the County of Louth to Bannbridge in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Southern Division of the said Road.

6 & 7 Victi c. 48. An Act for repairing the Road from Dundalk in the County of Louth to Bannbridge in the County of Down, so far as | relates to the Northern Division of the said Road.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

Bate and Chapter of Act

Local and Personal Acts.

Title of Act.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 67.

59 Geo. 3. c. 128.

4 & 5 WiH. 4. c. 74.

7 Will. 4. and 1 Vict. c. 42.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 2.

9 Geo. 4. c. 121.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Kewry to Charlemont through the County of Armagh.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down to Belfast in the County of Antrim.

An Act for amending, varying the Tolls, and extending the Term of an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down to Belfast in the County of Antrim.

An Act for maintaining, repairing, and amending a Turnpike Road from Belfast to Lisburne, by Malone, and by the Falls, and Two Turnpike Roads leading from the Falls Road, by Dunrod and Castlerobin respectively, to Crumlin in the County of Antrim.

An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Turnpike Road from the Town of Belfast to the Town of Crumlin in the County of Antrim.

An Act for repairing and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Belfast to Antrim, and from Belfast to the Copeland Water. N

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Mortgage.

Mortgage No.

I, AB., the undersigned " Turnpikes Abolition Commissioner," acting in execution of the " Turnpikes Abolition Act (Ireland), 1857," do hereby certify, That the Sum of Pounds, with Interest

thereon from the

at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per

Annum till paid, has been ascertained by my Award,

made in pursuance of the said Act, to be payable in the Manner in said Award specified by the Grand Jury of the County of to C.D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in respect of certain Mortgages [or a certain Mortgage] in said Award specified; and I hereby direct that Interest at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum from the on the said Sum of

Pounds shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County of

to the said C.D., his Executor's, Administrators, and Assigns, till the said Principal Sum shall have been paid.

In witness whereof I, the said Commissioner, have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

A.B. (s.)

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Transfer of Mortgage.

I, A.B., of, in consideration of the Sum of Pounds paid to me by C.D. of, do

hereby transfer to the said C.D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage Number bearing Date the

Day of, and made by the Turnpikes

Abolition Commissioner for charging and securing the Sum of Pounds and Interest thereon from the at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the County of [or upon the Barony or Baronies of in the County of ], and all my Property, Right, and Interest in

and to the Money thereby secured.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

A.B. (s.)

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Security for Annuity.

Annuity No.

I, A.B.y the undersigned Turnpikes Abolition Commissioner, acting in execution of "The Turnpikes Abolition Act (Ireland), 1857," do hereby certify, That the annual Sum of Pounds has been ascertained by my Award, made in pursuance of the said Act,

to be payable for in the Manner in the said Award specified,

by the Grand Jury of the County of to C.D., his Heirs and Assigns, in respect of certain Rents in the said Award specified; and I hereby direct that the said annual Sum of Pounds shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County of to the said C.D., his Heirs and Assigns, by Two even and equal half-yearly Payments on every Day of and

Day of in every Year, the First Payment

thereof to be made on the Day of next

after the Date hereof.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

(s.)

Z

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Furnpike Ti'usls Abolition (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (E.)

Fohm of Transfer of Annuity.

I, A.B.yof in consideration of the Sum of

paid to me by C.D. of, do hereby transfer to the said C.D.,

his Heirs and Assigns, a certain Annuity of Founds, the

Certificate of which is Number, and bears Date

the Day of, and was executed by the Turnpikes Abolition Commissioner for charging and securing the said Annuity of Pounds upon the County of

[or upon the Barony or Baronies of in the County of ], and all my Property, Right, and Interest in

and to the Annuity thereby secured.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of,

(s.)

SCHEDULE (F.)

County of _ \ Whereas the Turnpikes Abolition Commissioner,

t0Wlt' acting in execution of the " Turnpikes Abolition

Act, Ireland, 1857," has, by his Certificate bearing Date the Day of, duly certified to the Grand Jury of the County of that the Sum of Pounds has, under the

Provisions of the said Act, been apportioned upon the said County and the Baronies thereof [or upon the Barony or Baronies

of in the County of ], as in the said

Certificate mentioned.

Now, we, the Grand Jury of the said County of duly

assembled and sworn at the Assizes held at in and for the said County on the Day of, pursuant to the Powers to us in that Behalf given by the " Turnpikes Abolition Act, Ireland, 1857," do present the Sum of Pounds, in order to enable us to borrow the said Sum from any Person willing to advance the same, and in order to repay the said Sum we do present that the said Sum do be raised and levied as follows:

by half-yearly Instalments of each, the first of said Instalments to be raised after the present Assizes, and the remaining Instalments after the next and each and every successive Assizes until the whole of the said Sum shall be

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Turnpike Trusts Abolition [Ireland).

raised and discharged; and further, in pursuance of the Powers in said Act contained, we do present the Sum of Pounds to be paid

upon the to pay the annual Interest of the said Sum of Pounds, or of such Part of the same as shall from Time

to Time remain due, at such Rate, not exceeding Pounds per Cent., as may be agreed on, and we present the said Sum of Pounds to be raised half-yearly in such Sums as may be from Time to Time required to satisfy the Interests of so much of the said Principal Sum as shall be and remain due after the Application of the Sums presented to be levied for its Satisfaction, One of such Sums or Instalments to be raised after the present

and every future Assize, and the other after the next

and every future Assizes in the next and each succeeding Year, until such Principal Sum shall have been paid as aforesaid.

And we nominate and appoint to treat and agree and

contract for a Loan with any Person willing to make the same on the Security of this Presentment, and for the Rate of Interest which shall be paid on such Loan, and otherwise to carry this Presentment into effect.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

[27th 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, Section Three, it is amongst other Matters provided, that the total Number of Officers and Men of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, chargeable as therein mentioned, shall be such as the Lord Lieutenant may from Time to Time consider to be required in each County, City, or Town, but not exceeding in any Year the Number specified in Schedule (A.) to the said Act annexed for each such County, City, or Town: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision of the said recited Act should be amended, so far as relates to the Distribution of said Force, and that further Provision should be made for the Re-distribution of the said Force from Time to Time: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L & 12 Vict* 72.

G.

Schedule substituted for Schedule to recited Act.

As to Distribution of Officers of the Constabulary Force.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to vary Number of Constables, &c. for each County, See. every 5 Years.

Interpretation of Terms.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 17.

Constabulary Force [Ireland).

I. The Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Distribution of the said Constabulary Force therein provided, shall be substituted for the Schedule (A.) to the said Act annexed.

II. The Inspectors and Head Constables of the said Force included in the Schedule to this Act may be from Time to Time distributed amongst the said Counties, Cities, and Towns respectively, as to the Lord Lieutenant shall seem fit.

III. It shall be lawful for. the Lord Lieutenant, with the Advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ire, at the End of Five Years from the passing of this Act, and also at the Termination of each succeeding Period of Five Years, to alter or vary the Number of Constables and Sub-Constables for each County, City, or Town specified in the Schedule to this Act, to such Number as the Lord Lieutenant, with such Advice as aforesaid, may consider to be required for each such County, City, or Town, but so that the total Number of Officers and Men wholly chargeable to the Consolidated Fund for all the Counties, Cities, and Towns in Ireland shall not exceed the total Number so chargeable for all such Counties, Cities, and Towns under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

IV. In the Interpretation of this Act the Words " Lord Lieutenant" shall include any other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Word " County " shall include Hiding, and also County of a City and County of a Town.

20°&21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 17

Constabulary Force (Ireland).

SCHEDULE.

County Inspectors Sub-Inspectors Head Constables

35

262

375

1 For the whole of J Ireland.

Constables Constables

Counties and Ridings. and Counties and Ridings. / and

Sab-Constables. Sub-Constables.

Antrim - 259

Armagh 175

Carlow - 141

Cavan - 300

Clare - - 400

CotV IEa8t RidinS ^°TK [West Riding - 462] 300 I [762

Donegal 326

Down - 274

Dublin - 231

Fermanagh 181

Galway J East Riding-Ualwsy j West 3351 334 I 1-669

Kerry - 268

Kildare - 220

Kilkenny 360

Kings - 309

Leitrim 251

Limerick - 387

Londonderry - 120

Longford 191

Louth - 189

Mayo - 349

Meath - 284

Monaghan 175

Queen's - 256

Roscommon 347

Sligo - 201

nv f North Riding TiPPe^ | South Ridini

Tyrone 212

Waterford 219

Westmeath 282

Wexford 270

Wicklow 199

Total 9, 591

Counties and Ridings - Constables and Sub-Constables. 9, 591

Cities and Towns 

Carrickfergus - - 10

Cork - - 100

Drogheda - - 40

Galway - - 65

Kilkenny - - 50

Limerick - - 80

Waterford - 70

Total - 10, 006

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber

[10th August 1857.]

in Scotlan.

WHEREAS under an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to make certain Alterations in the Duties of the Lords,

and in the Establishment of Clerks and Officers of the Court of Session and Court of Commissioners for Teinds in Scotland, and to reduce the Fees payable in those, Two Clerks of the

Bills were appointed, who have had the Charge of the Bill Chamber Department, and the Office of One of the said Clerks has since become vacant by Death: And whereas it has been found in Practice that the Business of the Bill Chamber cannot be conveniently conducted in Two Departments under Two separate Clerks, and it is expedient that in future the Duties of the Office should be executed by One Clerk: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. 'The Office of One of the Clerks of the Bills in the Bill Chamber of the Court of Session in, now vacant, shall be abolished; and there shall in future be only One Clerk of the Bills, who shall be responsible for the reputed Solvency of Cautioners, and for consigned Money, and shall discharge in Person all the B b Duties

1 & 2 Vict. c. 118.

Office of One of the Two Clerks of the Bills abolished, and Duties in future to be performed by One Clerks

G.

Assistant Clerk and Ordinary Clerks to be appointed.

Clerks to be paid wholly by Salaries.

Salaries, &c. to be voted by Parliament.

Fees to be accounted for and paid over to the Treasury.

Clerk of the Bills to keep separate Accounts of consigned Monies.

20° &, 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 18.

Bill Chamber [Scotland).

Duties attached to the Office, and the remaining Clerk of the Bills shall be the Clerk of the Bills under this Act.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to appoint an Assistant Clerk of the Bills, and Two Ordinary Clerks, to aid in the Performance of the Duties of the Office; and such Assistant Clerk shall act under the Orders of the Clerk of the Bills in the Performance of the Duties of the Office, and shall in the necessary Absence of the Clerk of the Bills subscribe and authenticate all such Writs and Documents as the Clerk of the Bills may, by any Law or Practice, subscribe or authenticate.

III. The Clerk of the Bills, and the Assistant and Ordinary Clerks,

shall be paid wholly by Salary; and the Salary of the Clerk of the Bills shall be Five hundred Pounds per, which shall include his

Remuneration for the Discharge of the Duties imposed on him under the Bankrupt Acts, and also all Fees of Extracts and Bonds of Caution required by the Bill Chamber Procedure, or under such Acts, and shall be in lieu of all existing Salary, Allowances, Fees, and Emoluments whatsoever; and the Salary of the Assistant Clerk shall be Two hundred Pounds per Annum; and the Salaries of the ordinary Clerks shall not exceed in all Two hundred Pounds per,

divisible in such Proportions as may be deemed proper by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IV. The Salaries paid to the Clerk of the Bills, and the Assistant Clerk and ordinary Clerks in the Bill Chamber, and also the Expense of a suitable Office for conducting the Business of the Bill Chamber, and the necessary Expense of Printing and Stationery, and other Expenses of the Office, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be voted by Parliament for that Purpose; and all Fees of every Description heretofore in use to be charged or collected in the Office of the Bill Chamber shall continue to be so charged and collected after this Act shall come into operation, by the Clerk of the Bills, and be by him duly accounted for and paid over to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint.

V. All Monies which shall in future be deposited or consigned in the Bill Chamber shall be forthwith deposited by the Clerk of the Bills in One of the Banks in Edinburgh established or incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, in an Account to be kept by him in his official Capacity; and a proper written Receipt or Acknowledgment shall always be granted by the said Cerk to any Party depositing or consigning any Money in his Hands, at the Time of such Deposit or Consignation; and a full and particular State and Account shall be kept in the Office of the Bill Chamber of

all

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 18.

Bill Chamber (Scotland).

all such Deposits and Consignations; and the Clerk of the Bills shall cause the Monies in such Bank Account to be annually accumulated by adding the accruing Interest to the Principal Sums.

VI. The Holders of Money at present consigned in Bank, or in the Hands of whatsoever Person or Persons, derived from Deposits or Consignations made in the Hands of any former Clerk or Clerks of the Bills, in his or their official Capacity, shall and they are hereby required to pay over the same, with all Interest accrued and to accrue thereon, to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, who are hereby empowered and directed to require an Account thereof, and to call for and receive the same, and discharge the Holders thereof: Provided always, that every Person having any legal Claim to or Interest in the Monies so to be paid over shall have such and the like Claim and Interest therein, and such and the like Right to demand and to recover the same from the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, after Payment thereof to the said Commissioners in Terms of this Act, as from the Person or Persons having Possession of such Monies at the Date of the passing of this Act.

"VII. It shall be lawful for the Court of Session, and the said Court is hereby required, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to make such Provision, by Act of Sederunt, as the said Court may deem necessary or expedient, for the Performance of the Business of the Office of the Clerk of the Bills in the said Court, and also to make, from Time to Time, by Act of Sederunt, such Alterations and further Provision for the same as the Court may deem fit: Provided always, that every such Act of Sederunt shall, within One Month after the Date thereof, be transmitted by the Lord President of the Court of Session to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the end that the same may be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

VIII. The recited Acts, and all Laws, Statutes, and Usages, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, in so far as necessary to give Effect to this Act, but no further.

IX. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the Expiration of Two Months from the passing hereof.

Monies consigned with former Clerks of the Bills to be paid over to the Treasury.

Court of Session may make Acts of Sederunt.

Certain Acts, &c. repealed.

[Commencement of Act.]

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAEGINAE.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Law of Bankruptcy and Real Securities in Scotland.

[10th August 1857.]

t

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen regarding the Construction of certain Clauses contained in an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Scotland, and in another Act of the same Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and re-enact certain Provisions of an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, relating to Judicial Procedure and Securities for Debt in Scotland, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited as " The Bankruptcy and Real Securities " (Scotland) Act, 1857."

II. Sequestration in the Case of a deceased Debtor may be awarded by the Court of Session or by the Sheriff of the County in which the Debtor for the Year preceding his Death had resided or carried on Business.

C e III. In

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 91.

[Short Title.]

Court of Session or Sheriffs may award Sequestration of deceased Debtor.

Notice of Remit by the Sheriffs to be given in the Gazette.

Expense of Competition for Office of Trustee.

Oath, &c. to be produced to entitle Creditor to a Second Dividend.

Procedure requisite in reference to subsequent Dividends.

Abbreviate of Discharge of Bankrupt to be issued and recorded as in Sched. (A.)

Nothing in'j Sect. 7. of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 91. to exclude the Application of Provisions of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 50. and 17 & 18 Vict. c. 62. to Heritable Securities granted by the same.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19.

Bankruptcy and Real Securities (Scotland).

III. In the event of Sequestration having been awarded by the Sheriffs of Two or more Counties, and of the later Sequestration or Sequestrations being remitted by the Sheriff or Sheriffs awarding them to the Sequestration first in Date, a Notice of such Remit shall be inserted in the Gazette Four Days after a Copy of the Deliverance of such Remit could be received in course of Post in Edinburgh.

IV. No Part of the Expense of any Competition for the Office of Trustee shall be paid out of the Estate, but all such Expense shall be paid by the unsuccessful Party to the successful Party.

V. Any Creditor, in order to be entitled to participate in a Second or any subsequent Dividend, shall produce his Oath and Grounds of Debt as directed by the first-recited Act, in reference to the First Dividend, at least Two Months before the Period fixed for Payment of such Second or subsequent Dividend.

VI. The Procedure by the first-recited Act prescribed in reference to a Second Dividend shall be applicable in reference to subsequent Dividends, so that a Dividend may be made on the First lawful Day after the Expiration of every Three Months from the Day of the Payment of the immediately preceding Dividend, until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt shall be divided.

VII. An Abbreviate of the Deliverance of Discharge of the Bankrupt, whether following on a Composition or not, shall be issued by the Clerk of the Bills or the Sheriff Clerk in the Form of the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and the Abbreviate shall be recorded in the Register of Inhibitions, and the Register of Abbreviates of Adju-cations at Edinburgh, and the Keepers of such Registers shall, if

required, grant Certificates of such Registration in the Form annexed to the said Abbreviate.

VIII. Nothing contained in the Seventh Section of the last-recited Act shall be held to exclude the Application of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Constitution and Transmission of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland, and to render the same more effectual for the Recovery of, or of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Benefits of Two Acts of Her Majesty relating to the Constitution, Transmission, and Extinction of Heritable Securities in Scotland, to the Heritable Securities authorized to be granted by the said Seventh Section, but the said Provisions shall be held to apply thereto.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19.

Bankruptcy and Real Securities (Scotland).

IX. The Tenth Section of the first herein-before recited Act shall be taken to apply to Actions and Exceptions as well in the ordinary Court of the Sheriff as in the Court of Session.

X. The recited Acts, excepting in so far as altered by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be construed with this Act.

Application of Sect. 10. of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

Recited Acts, except as altered, to remain in force.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19.

Bankruptcy and Beal Securities (Scotland).

SCHEDULE (A.)

1. Form of Abbreviate of the Deliverance of Discharge of Bankrupt.

Abbreviate of Deliverance discharging (Insert Name]

A.B.

[insert the Bankrupt's Name and ] ha9 been

discharged of all Debts and Obligations contracted by him, or for which he was liable at the Date of the Sequestration of his Estates; (if upon Composition, add as follows" the said Sequestration declared at an end, and the said (Name) reinvested in his Estates on Composition of (insert the Amount)"'], conform to Deliverance by [Ordinary or Sheriff]. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and and in Terms

of "The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856," and " The Bankruptcy " and Real Securities (Scotland) Act, 1857."

C.D. (Bill Chamber Clerk or

Sheriff Clerk of ).

[Place and Date.]

2. Form of Certificates of Registration of Abbreviate to be annexed to

the Abbreviate.

This Abbreviate was presented by and recorded on the Day of in the Register of Abbreviates of

Adjudication at Edinburgh.

E.F. Keeper.

This Abbreviate was presented by and recorded on the Day of in the Register of Inhibitions at

Edinburgh.

O.H. Keeper.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XX.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of Certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and *.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been given since the Date of their Twelfth Annual General Report: And whereas the said Commissioners have by a Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

Inclosures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

Commons Indomre.

II. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1857," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Sunt Lythans Down . Glamorgan 1st May 1856.

Yalberton Tor - Devon 6th January 1857.

Cuddington - Chester 12th February 1857.

Hartlington Moor - York 19th February 1857.

Great Musgrave - Westmoreland 5th February 1857.

Hillbeck - Westmoreland 5th February 1857.

Wolverton - Southampton 19th February 1857.

Botherfield Greys and Rother-field Peppard. Oxford 26th February 1857.

CaUington - Cornwall 29th January 1857.

Parracombe - Devon 1st January 1857.

Little Hormead and Layston - Hertford 6th November 1856.

Kirk Hammerton - York ... 19th March 1857.

Grunty Pen - Cambridge 8th April 1857.

Coventry, No. 2. - Warwick 5th March 1857.

Bigmore Common and Pound Common. Oxford - 7th May 1857.

Stokenchurch - Oxford 21st May 1857.

Hirwain Common - Glamorgan 4th June 1857.

Coedpenmain - Glamorgan 4th June 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXL

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

II. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at E_e any

Meeting* relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom and Ballots for such Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had daring each

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 21.

Militia Ballots Suspension.

Suspension by Order in Council.

any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; - and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia.

Not to extend to prevent the

certain Meetings relating to the Militia.

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to apply the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Parish of Aldershot, and to constitute a Local Board of Health therein.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS a Petition for the Application of the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Parish of Aldershot in the County of Southampton, duly signed, has been received by the General Board of Health: And whereas a Superintending Inspector has duly held a Preliminary Inquiry in the District: And whereas it is desirable that the Public Health Act, 1848, shall be applied to the Parish of Aldershot without Delay, and that the Local Board to be constituted therein shall consist partly of Persons elected by the Ratepayers of the Parish and partly of Persons to be nominated by the Military Authorities: And whereas these Objects cannot be obtained without the Authority of Parliament: Now therefore be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 

I. The Public Health Act, 1848, shall apply to the Parish of Provisions of Aldershot, and the said Parish shall be a District for the Purposes of ^63 to be*" the said Act, in the same Manner as if the Act had been applied in applied to

Ff

pursuance

Aldershot.

Local Board to consist of Twelve Persons.

One Third to go out of Office annually.

Three Persons to be nominated by Secretary of State.

Vacancies to be filled up by Secretary of State.

Qualification of elected Members.

First Election.

To whom Notices of Qualification are to be given.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 22.

Public Health Act [Aldershot).

pursuance of the Powers vested in the General Board of Health, except in the Matters specially provided for in this Act.

II. The Local Board of Health for the said Parish shall consist of Twelve Persons, videlicet, Nine to be elected by the Ratepayers of the said Parish in the Manner provided by the Public Health Act, and Three to be nominated from Time to Time by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for War for the Time being.

III. One Third of the elected Members of the said Board shall go out of Office on the Day next after the Expiration of a Year from, the Day appointed in this Act for the First Election of the said Local Board, and so on annually.

IV. The Three Persons to be nominated by the Secretary of State for War shall hold Office during his Pleasure.

V. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for War from Time to Time to fill up Vacancies arising among Persons so nominated.

VI. Every such elected Member of the Local Board shall, when elected and while he continues a Member of the said Local Board, be resident as in the Public Health Act, 1848, is required, and be possessed of Real and Personal Estate, or both, to the Amount of not less than Seven hundred Pounds, or shall be so resident and rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, or of some Township or Place of which some Part is within the said District, upon an annual Value of not less than Twenty Pounds.

VII. The First Election of the said Local Board shall be held within One Month of the passing of this Act: At the First Election of the said Local Board, Mr. Hugh Sears, of Park House Farm, Aldershot, shall perform the Duties which it may be requisite for him to perform in conducting the said First Election; and in case the said Hugh Sears, from Illness or other sufficient Cause, shall be unable to discharge such Duties, or shall be absent or refuse to act, then Mr. James Elstone, of Aldershot aforesaid, shall perform such of the said Duties as then remain to be performed.

VIII. The Fourteen Days Notice of Qualification required by the Public Health Act, 1848, to be given by Owners of Property in order to entitle them to vote at the said First Election shall be given to the said Hugh Sears, at Park House Farm, Aldershot, or in case he shall

refuse

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 22.

Public Health Act (A).

refuse or be unable to receive the same, then to the said James Elstone at his Residence within the aforesaid Parish of Aldershot.

[Short Title.]

IX. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Public Health Supplemental Act for Aldershot, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

X

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to sell Mill Sites and Water Power, notwithstanding Final Award, in any Drainage or Navigation District.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands and 5 & 6 Vict. Improvement of Navigation and fVoter Power in connexion such c* 89 '

Drainage in Ireland, which Act was amended by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, and an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty,

Chapter Four, and an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-nine, and by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty, and an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, and an Act passed in the Session holden in the G g Nineteenth

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 23.

Public Works (Ireland).

All Mill Sites to continue vested in the Commissioners, notwithstanding FinalAward.

Power to sell such Mill Sites within Five Years after Final Award.

Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two: And whereas under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act the said Commissioners are empowered to make and acquire new Sites of Mills and Factories and Water Power, and Premises connected therewith, and to sell the same, with such Rights of Pre-emption to the Owners of the Estates to which the said Sites originally belonged, or to the Owners of the adjoining Estates, as are therein provided, and the Purchase Monies of such Sites and Premises are directed to be applied to such Purposes as are therein set forth: And whereas the said Commissioners, in execution of the Works authorized by the said Acts, have been enabled within certain Districts to make and acquire various new Sites for Mills and Factories upon Parcels of Ground duly taken by them for that Purpose, by virtue of the Powers and Provisions relating to the taking of Lands by the said Commissioners in the said Acts contained, or acquired in the Progress of such Works, and the same and the Water Powers connected therewith have become vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said Commissioners may hereafter become entitled in like Manner to various other such Sites: And whereas it is not expedient that the making of any Final Award by the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of the said Acts or any of them, should be delayed by reason of the Inability of such Commissioners to sell such Sites and Water Power in connexion therewith, for such Prices as may be adequate to the Value thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That in all Cases where, under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said Acts or any of them, any such Sites for Mills or Factories have been or shall be acquired by the said Commissioners in any District, either by the making of the same in the Progress of any Works, or by the taking of any Lands for that Purpose, the said Sites and all Water Powers connected therewith shall remain and continue vested in the said Commissioners, on trust to be sold, notwithstanding that such Commissioners may have made or may make any Final Award relating to the District wherein such Sites shall be situate, previously to any Sale by them of such Sites or Water Powers connected therewith as aforesaid.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time within Five Years after the making of any such Final Award or Awards in any such District wherein such Sites are or shall be situate as aforesaid, or whether such Awards shall have been made before or after the passing of this Act, to sell and dispose of the said Site

or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 23.

Public Works (Ireland).

or Sites or Water Powers, or other Premises connected therewith, for such Price or Prices as to them shall seem reasonable, and the Proceeds of any such Sale shall be disposed of as herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that the said Commissioners before they shall sell or dispose of any of such Mill Sites or Water Powers as aforesaid shall first offer the same to the Person to whose Estate the same originally belonged (if any such Person there be), and then to the Person whose Estate shall adjoin thereto; and such Premises shall not be sold to any other Person at such Price as the Persons so entitled to a Preference shall be willing to give for the same, or at any less Price.

III. The Proceeds of the Sale of all such Sites, Water Powers, Application and Premises as shall be so sold after the making of any such Final

Award as aforesaid shall by the said Commissioners be paid over to of Sites,

the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to be applied by them &c

to any or either of the Purposes after mentioned; that is to sayj in reimbursing to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury the Monies expended on the District in connexion with which such Sites shall have been acquired, in Cases where the Amount chargeable on such District shall have been reduced, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty, or Eighteenth and Nineteenth of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten; or in discharging an equivalent Amount of the Principal Monies chargeable on such District by virtue of any Final Award, in Cases where no such Reduction shall have been made; and in Cases where such Portion of the Monies so chargeable shall be so discharged as last aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Public Works shall make such rateable Reduction of the Portions of such Amount charged by such Award, or such Alteration with respect to the Duration or Amount of the Instalments payable under the same, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit; and the said Commissioners of Public Works shall thereupon make a Supplemental Award in the Manner set forth in the said Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty, and to which Supplemental Award all the Provisions and Enactments of the said lastly-mentioned Act shall be taken to apply: Provided always, that in case any Proprietor shall, under the Provisions of the said Acts, have paid off the whole of the Principal Monies charged upon his or her Lands by any such Award, he or she shall be entitled to the Benefit of any Reduction so directed as aforesaid, and to be reimbursed accordingly.

Acts recited

IV. The several Acts mentioned in this Act and this* Act shall be and this Act construed as One Act, and the several Words and Expressions to struedas"

which One.

120

20" & 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 23.

Public Works (Ireland).

which an extended Signification is given in the said Acts or any of them shall have the like Signification in this Act, and (save when such Construction shall be inconsistent with the Context) the Expression " the Commissioners," when used in this Act, shall mean the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGIN Ji.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[1Oth August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited Times the Acts herein-after specified: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or All Turn-repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire on expiring3 or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall be continued before the until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and con-

fifty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, tinued to except as herein-after mentioned.

lstOct.1858.

II. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall Acts in continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand continued eight hundred and fifty-eight, and no longer, unless Parliament shall till 1st Nov. in the meantime continue the same respectively. 1858 '

[Short Title.]

III. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1857."

[Extent of Act.]

IV. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 24.

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

54 G. 3. C. xt.

54 G.3. c. xlix.

54 G. 3. c. liv.

55 G. 3. c. xiv.

55 G. 3. c. xix.

55 G. 3. c. xxxviii.

59 G. 3. c. xxt. 59 G. 3. c, xcix.

1 G. 4. c. xir.

1G.4. c.xxxiii. SG.4.0. xlix.

SCHEDULE.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stonebridge to meet the aforesaid Road at Balsall Common in the County of Warwick, so far as respects the said Road from Stonebridge to Balsall Common, and from thence to the said Town of Kenilworth.

, An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Besselsleigh through Wantage to Hungerford in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the said County and in the County of Wilts.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Balderston to Burscough Bridge in Walton-in-le-Dale in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing the Road from Haslingden through New Church and Bacup to Todmorden, and for making and maintaining several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton in the County of Chester to Burslem and Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also to make a new Road from Burslem aforesaid to Cobridge, and a Branch therefrom to Burslem Church.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill to the Cross in Clanfield in the County of Oxford.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury in the County of Huntingdon to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton in the Parish of Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown's Lane in Great Staughton in the County of Huntingdon to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post near Brington Bridge in the said County of Northampton.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign for amending the Road leading out of the Highway from Wigan to Golbom and Warrington into the Road from Wigan to Ashton in Ashton in Mackerfield in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for amending, diverting, altering, straightening, improving, completing, and keeping in repair several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow and elsewhere in the County of Salop.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Bishop's Castle and from Montgomery to the Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Road at Minsterley, and other Roads therein mentioned,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 24.

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

in the Comities of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, and for amending, widening, and improving several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County of Salop.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for re- 3 G. 4. ct lxrii pairing the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the 3 G.4. c.xcvi. Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing, widening, and maintaining the Road leading from 4 G. 4. Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatherhead, to c '

Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street at Ockley in the said County of Surrey.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet 6 G. 4. Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton and Alresford c*lxxxvii* Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Road from Bawtry 7 & 8 G. 4. Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, ^lvlL and other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving 9 G. 4. c. iL the Road from the South End of Milton Street in the Town of Nottingham to the West End of Blind Lane in the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from the 9 G. 4. c. xlvi. Northern End of the Village of Balby in the County of York to Worksop in the County of Nottingham.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGINJi.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty concerning the University of Oxford and the College of St. Mary Winchester, and further to amend the said Act.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the 17 & 18 Vict. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, c> 81* Chapter Eighty-one, to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of Mary Winchester, and the said Act has been amended by an Act of the Session holden in 19 & 20 Vict.

* c 31

the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter ' Thirty-one: And whereas by the first-recited Act it was provided that the Powers thereby conferred on the Commissioners for the Purposes of that Act should be in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, if She should think fit, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to continue the same until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and no longer: And whereas Her Majesty, by and with the Advice Ii of

Powers of the Commissioners continued until 1st July 1858.

The Foundation of Mr. John Michel may be consolidated with the Old Foundation of Queen's College.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 25.

Oxford University.

of Her Privy Council, has continued the said Powers until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight: And whereas it is expedient that the said Powers should be further continued, and that the said first-recited Act should be amended as herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Powers conferred on the Commissioners by the first-recited Act, as extended by the secondly-recited Act and this Act, shall continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and all Powers, which under the said recited Acts respectively might have been exercised by Colleges or other Bodies or Persons during the Continuance of the Powers of the Commissioners under the first-recited Act, shall continue and may be exercised until the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty to frame such Ordinance or Ordinances as may appear to them expedient for consolidating the Foundation of John Michel Esquire in the Queen's College in the said University with the Foundation of Robert de Eglesfield, commonly called the Old Foundation, in the said College, and for vesting the Endowments, Lands, Advowsons, and Real and Personal Property vested in the Visitors of the said Foundation of John Michel, or otherwise held for the Benefit of such Foundation, in the Provost and Scholars of the said Queen's College, and for placing the Foundation so consolidated under the Visitorship of the Lord Archbishop of York, the present Visitor of the Old Foundation of the said Queens College, and for providing for the Discharge of the Duties of the Visitors of the Foundation of John Michel as towards the existing Fellows, Scholars, and Exhibitioners of that Foundation, and for establishing in respect of such consolidated Foundation, and the Emoluments, Property, and Income thereof, any such Regulations as under the said Act might be established in respect of a College of One Foundation and the Property and Income and College Emoluments thereof; such Ordinance or Ordinances, if sanctioned and confirmed as required in respect of the Ordinances framed by the Commissioners under Sections Twenty-eight and Twenty-nine of the same Act, shall take effect for the Purposes aforesaid in the same Manner as if it had been within the Powers vested in the Commissioners under the said Sections, and all the Provisions of the said Act and the Act amending the same applicable to Ordinances framed by the Commissioners under the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 25.

Oxford University.

said Act shall be applicable to such Ordinance or Ordinances as may be framed under the Powers of this Act.

III. It shall be lawful for any College within the University from Power to Time to Time, with Consent of the Visitor, to appropriate and apply ^consent any Property, or the Income of any Property, held by or in trust for of Visitor to the College, for the Purpose that the same, or the Income thereof,

may be applied in purchasing Advowsons for the Benefit of the for Purchase College, to the Augmentation of the Endowment of Livings in the of A-dvow-Patronage of the College to such Amount as may be by Law Benefit of allowed, or towards the building of fit and suitable Parsonage Houses Colleges, &c. on any Livings in the Patronage of the College, or to the Foundation or Augmentation of Scholarships or Exhibitions, or to other Purposes for the Advancement of Religion, Learning, and Education within the College; and in exercise of this Power the College may annex to any Living in the Patronage of the College (by way of Augmentation of the Endowment of such Living) any Tithe Rent-charge which may be vested in the College, or any Portion thereof, in consideration of the Appropriation to other Purposes of the College of a Part of the Trust Property or Income, not exceeding the Amount which the Visitor shall adjudge to be an adequate Consideration for the Tithe Rentcharge so to be annexed; provided that this Power shall not extend to Property or Income applicable to the Purchase of Advowsons for the Benefit of Scholars or Exhibitioners on any particular Foundation within a College.

IV. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except the Parts Certain

and Enactments of that Act with respect to the Purchase and taking of

of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, and with respect to the c. 18. incor-Recovery of Forfeitures, Penalties, and Costs, and with respect to

Lands required by the Promoters of the Undertaking, but which i7&i8 Vict.

shall not be wanted for the Purposes thereof, shall be incorporated c. 81. so far

7 r6l&t68 to

with and form Part of this Act and of the " Oxford University Act, certain

1854," so far as relates to Land within One Mile and a Half of Lands. Carfax in the City of Oxford required for the Erection of any Buildings for the Extension of the Buildings of the said University or of any College or Hall therein, or for Purposes of Utility or Recreation relating to the said University or to any College or Hall therein, and as if the Corporate Name of the University or College, as the Case may be, had been inserted therein instead of the Expression " the Promoters of the Undertaking."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINA.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to provide for the Registration of Long Leases in Scotland, and Assignations thereof.

[10th August 1857.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to Long Leases, record in the General Register of Sasines in, or in the par- nations*18 *

ticular Register of Sasines for the District in which the Lands and thereof, re-Heritages leased are situated, probative Leases, whether executed gte.^*eo before or after the passing of this Act, for a Period of Thirty-one Sasines. Years, and for any greater Number of Years that shall be stipulated, of Lands and Heritages in Scotland other than Lands and Heritages held by Burgage Tenure, and to record in the several Burgh Registers of Sasines probative Leases for the Period foresaid of Lands and Heritages within the Burgh for which such Register is kept, and held by Burgage Tenure, and to record respectively in the Register in which any such] Lease as aforesaid shall have been registered the Assignations, and Assignations in Security of such Lease, and Translations thereof, all herein-after mentioned.

K k II. Leases

Recorded Leases effectual against singular Successors in the Lands let *

Assignations of recorded Leases.

Assignations in Security.

Where Party presenting for Registration not original Lessee or Assignee.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

II. Leases registerable under this Act, and valid and binding as in a Question with the Granters thereof, which shall have been duly recorded, as herein provided, at or subsequent to the Date of Entry therein stipulated, shall, by virtue of such Registration, be effectual against any singular Successor in the Lands and Heritages thereby let, whose Infeftment is posterior in Date to the Date of such Registration: Provided always, that, except for the Purposes of this Act, it shall not be necessary to record any such Lease as aforesaid, but that all such Leases which would, under the existing Law prior to the passing of this Act, have been valid and effectual against any such singular Successor as aforesaid, shall, though not recorded, be valid and effectual against such singular Successor, as well as against the Granters of the said Leases.

III. When any such Lease as aforesaid shall have been recorded as herein provided, it shall be lawful for the Party in Right of such Lease, and whose Right is recorded in Terms of this Act, but in accordance always with the Conditions and Stipulations of such Lease, and not otherwise, to assign the same, in whole or in part, by Assignation, in the Form as nearly as may be of the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Assignation shall fully and effectually vest the Assignee with the Right of the Granter thereof in and to such Lease to the Extent assigned: Provided always, that such Assignation shall be without Prejudice to the Right of Hypothec, or other Rights of the Landlord.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Party in Right of any such Lease recorded as aforesaid, and whose Right thereto is recorded in Terms of this Act, but in accordance always with the Conditions and Stipulations of such Lease, and not otherwise, to assign the same, in whole or in part, in Security for the Payment of borrowed Money, or of Annuities, or of Provisions to Wives or Children, or in Security of Cash Credits or other legal Debt or Obligation, in the Form as near as may be of the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Assignation in Security shall complete the Right thereunder; and such Assignation in Security so recorded shall constitute a Real Security over such Lease to the Extent assigned.

V. Where the Party in Right of any such Lease or Assignation in Security as aforesaid is not the original Lessee in such Lease, or the original Assignee in such Assignation in Security, he shall, before presenting such Lease or Assignation in Security for Registration, expede an Instrument, under the Hand of a Notary Public, in the Form as nearly as may be of the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed .; and the Keeper of the Register, of such Notarial Instrument

131

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

ment being produced to him, but not otherwise, shall thereupon record such Lease or Assignation in Security, together with the said Instrument.

VI. All such Assignations in Security as aforesaid shall, when recorded, be transferable, in whole or in part, by Translation, in the Form as nearly as may be of the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Translation shall fully and effectually vest the Party in whose Favour it was granted with the Right of the Granter thereof in such Assignation in Security to the Extent assigned; and the Creditor or Party in Right of such Assignation in Security, without Prejudice to the Exercise of any Power of Sale therein contained, shall be entitled, in default of Payment of the Capital Sum for which such Assignation in Security has been granted, or of a Term's Interest thereof, or of a Term's Annuity, for Six Months after such Capital Sum or Term's Interest or Annuity shall have fallen due, to apply to the Sheriff for a Warrant to enter on Possession of the Lands and Heritages leased; and the Sheriff, after Intimation to the Lessee for the Time being, and to the Landlord, shall, if he see Cause, grant such Warrant, which shall be a sufficient Title for such Creditor or Party to enter into Possession of such Lands and Heritages, and to uplift the Rents from any Sub-tenants therein, and to sub-let the same, as freely and to the like Effect as the Lessee might have done: Provided always, that no such Creditor or Party, unless and until he enter into Possession as aforesaid, shall be personally liable to the Landlord in any of the Obligations and Prestations of the Lease.

Translation of Assignations in Security.

Creditor's Entry to Possession in default of Payment

VII. It shall be competent for the Heir of any Party who shall Heir m«y have died vested in Right of any such Lease or Assignation in Tide by6 Security, recorded as aforesaid, to make up his Title thereto by a Writ Writ of of Acknowledgment from the Proprietor infeft in the Lands and Heritages leased by such Lease, or from the Party appearing on the Register as in absolute Right of such Lease of or over which such Assignation in Security has been granted, respectively, in the Form

as nearly as may be of the Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Writ in the Register in which such Lease or Assignation in Security is registered shall complete the Title of such Heir to such Lease or Assignation in Security aforesaid: Provided always, that no Defect in the Title of the Proprietor or Party Granter of such Writ shall affect the Right or Title of such Heir.

VIII. It shall be competent to the Heir who shall have been Heir or . served by general or special* Service, or to the General Disponee of

any Party who shall have died fully vested in Right of any such piete Tide Lease or Assignation in Security, recorded as aforesaid, to expede

a Notarial Instrument.

Where Assignee has died without recording Assignation, Mode of making up Title.

Adjudgers to complete Right by recording Abbreviate.

Trustees on sequestrated Estate may be entered on Register.

Preferences regulated by Date of recording Transfer.

Renunci-tions and Discharges be to recorded.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases [Scotland).

a Notarial Instrument in the Form as nearly as may be of the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Instrument in the Register in which such Lease is recorded shall complete the Title of such Heir or Disponee to such Lease or Assignation in Security.

IX. Where any Assignation, Assignation in Security, or Translation granted in pursuance of this Act shall not have been registered as aforesaid in the Lifetime of the Grantee in such Writ respectively, it shall be competent to the Heir or General Disponee of such Grantee to make up his Title by expeding an Instrument under the Hand of a Notary Public in the Form, as nearly as may be, of the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed; and the Keeper of the Register, on such Notarial Instrument being presented to him, but not otherwise, shall thereupon record such Assignation, Assignation in Security, or Translation, together with the said Instrument.

X. When an Adjudication of any such Lease or Assignation in Security recorded as aforesaid shall have been obtained against the Party vested in the Right thereof respectively, or against the Heir of such Party, the recording of the Abbreviate of Adjudication in the Register in which the Lease is recorded shall complete the Right of the Adjudger to such Lease or Assignation in Security.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Trustee on the sequestrated Estate of any Party in Right of any such Lease or Assignation in Security as aforesaid to expede a Notarial Instrument in the Form as nearly as may be of the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed; and the recording of such Instrument in the Register in which such Lease is recorded shall complete the Right of such Trustee to such Lease or Assignation in Security.

XII. All such Leases executed after the passing of this Act, and all Assignations, Assignations in Security of any such Lease recorded as aforesaid, and Translations thereof, and all Adjudications of such Leases recorded as aforesaid, or Assignations in Security, shall in Competition be preferable according to their Dates of recording.

XIII. On the Production to the Keeper of the Register of a Renunciation of any such Lease as aforesaid recorded therein, or of a Discharge of any such Assignation in Security as aforesaid therein recorded, by or on behalf of the Party appearing on the Register as in Right of such Lease or Assignation in Security, which Renunciation or Discharge may be in the Form of the Schedules (G.) and (H.) respectively to this Act annexed, and may be endorsed on such

Lease

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

Lease or Assignation in Security, he shall forthwith duly record the same.

XIV. On the Production to any such Keeper of an Extract of a Entry of Decree of Reduction of any such Lease, Assignation, Assignation in Security, Translation, Adjudication, Instrument, Discharge, or Re- , on# nunciation recorded in the Register of which he is the Keeper, he shall forthwith duly record the same.

XV. Leases, Assignations, Assignations in Security, Translations, Mode of Adjudications, Instruments, Discharges, Renunciations, and other registering. Writs, duly presented for Registration in pursuance of this Act, shall be forthwith shortly entered in the Minute Book of the Register in common Form, and shall, with all due Despatch, be fully registered in the Register Book, and thereafter re-delivered to the Parties, with Certificates of due Registration thereon, which shall be probative of such Registration, such Certificates specifying the Date of Presentation, and the Book and Folio in which the Ingrossment has been made, and being subscribed by the Keeper of the Register; and the Date of Entry in the Minute Book shall be held to be the Date of Registration; and Extracts of all such Writs registered in pursuance Extracts to

of this Act shall make faith in all Cases in like Manner as the Writs ma^? .faith

&8 w rite

registered, except where the Writs so registered are offered to be registered, improven.

XVI. The Registration of all such Leases, Assignations, Assigna- Registration

tions in Security, Translations, Adjudications, Writs of Acknowledge t<y

ment, and Notarial Instruments as aforesaid, in manner herein provided, shall complete the Right under the same respectively, to the

Effect of establishing a Preference in virtue thereof, as effectually as if the Grantee, or Party in his Right, had entered into the actual Possession of the Subjects leased under such Writs respectively at the Date of Registration thereof.

XVII. Leases containing an Obligation upon the Granter to renew Leases, with the same from Time to Time at fixed Periods, or upon the Termi- Pbllgation

/ to renew

nation of a Life or Lives, or otherwise, shall be deemed Leases registerable.

within the Meaning of this Act, and registerable as such, provided

such Leases shall by the Terms of such Obligation be renewable

from Time to Time so as to endure for a Period of Thirty-one

Years or upwards.

XVIII. No Lease of Lands and Heritages other than Subjects held No Lease by Burgage Tenure executed after the passing of this Act, unless executed where the same shall have been executed in Terms of an Obligation jJ^J5 *

LI to

to be registerable where Name of Land sand Boundaries not given.

Extracts reg is terable whereLeases recorded in Court of Session or Sheriff Court Books prior to Act.

Clauses in Schedules to be held to import and to have Effect as declared by 10 & 11 Vict 11 Vict. c. 50.

[Short Title.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

to renew contained in a Lease renewable as aforesaid, and of Date prior to this Act, shall be held to fall within the same or to be registerable thereunder, unless the Name of the Lands of which the Subjects let consist or form a Part shall be set forth in such Lease; and no such Lease of such Lands and Heritages as aforesaid, except where the same consist of Mines or Minerals, shall be held to fall within this Act or to be registerable thereunder, unless the Extent of the Land let shall be set forth in such Lease, and shall not exceed Fifty Acres.

XIX. Where any such Lease as aforesaid registerable under this Act shall, before the passing thereof, have been recorded in the Books of Council and Session, or in the Books of any Sheriff or Burgh Court, the Production to the Keeper of the Register of an Extract of such Lease shall be a sufficient Warrant for him to record the same, and he shall thereupon duly record it, and the recording thereof shall be as valid and effectual as if the original Lease had been presented to him.

XX. The several Clauses in the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be held to import such and the like Meaning and to have such and the like Effect as is declared by the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of Queen Victoria, Chapter Fifty, Sections Second and Third, to belong to the corresponding Clauses in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, and the Procedure thereby prescribed for a Sale under a Bond and Disposition in Security shall be applicable to a Sale of any such Lease as aforesaid under any such Assignation in Security as is herein-before mentioned.

XXI. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857."

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 20.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland),

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Assignation of Lease.

I, A.B., [Designation, -] in consideration of the Sum of now paid to me, [or otherwise, as the Case may be,] assign to C.D.

[Designation] a Lease, dated, and recorded

in the Register of Sasines at, of

Date, granted by E.F.

[Designation] in my

Favour [or if not in Assignees Favouname and design Grantee], of

[shortly mention Subjects] in the Parish of and County of [and (when the Assigner is not the Grantee

in the Lease) my Title to which is recorded in the said Register, of Date ], [but (wh the Lease is assigned in part

only) in so far only as regards the following Portion of the Subjects leased, viz. {specify particularly the Portion),] with Entry as at (Term of Entry). And [where Sub-Lease] I assign the Rents from [Term]; and I grant Warrandice; and I bind myself to free and relieve the said C.D. of all Rents and Burdens due to the Landlord or others at and prior to the Term of Entry in respect of said Lease; and I consent to Registration for Preservation and Execution.

[Testing Clause in common Form.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Bond and Assignation in Security.

I, A.B., [Designation] bind myself, my Heirs and Executors, without the Necessity of discussing them in their Order, to make Payment, at the Term of [Date and Place of Payment], to C.D.

[Designation] or his Heirs, Executors, or Assignees, of the Sum of, being Money borrowed by me from him, as a Provision to the said C.D., or of the yearly Annuity of during

his Lifetime, as the Case may be,] with the Interest of the said Capital Sum at the Rate of per Cent, per Annum, payable by equal

Portions half-yearly at Whitsunday and Martinmas, beginning the First Payment at . And, in Security of the

personal Obligation before written, I assign to the said C.D. and his

foresaids,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration o f Long Leases [Scotland).

foresaids, heritably but redeemably, as after mentioned, yet irredeemably in the event of a Sale by virtue hereof, a Lease of [mention Subjects leased] in the Parish of and

County of, which Lease was granted by E.F.,

[Designation,] of Date, and recorded [

with Date of recording], and [where Cedent not the original ]

my Title to which is registered therein [of ]; [but

[where only a Portion of the Subjects are assigned) in so far only as regards the following Portion of the Subjects leased; viz.

[specify particularly the Portion)]. And I assign the Rents; and I assign the Writs; and I grant Warrandice; and I reserve Power of Redemption; and I oblige myself and my foresaids for the Expenses of assigning and discharging this Security; and, on default of Payment, I grant Power of Sale; and I consent to Registration for Preservation and Execution.

[Testing

SCHEDULE (C.)

Forms of Notarial Instruments in favour of a Party not the

original Grantee.

No. 1.  Case of Lease.

Be it known, That by Lease, dated, A.B.

let to C.D.

[Designation] that Piece of Ground [or as the Case may be, shortly describing the Property leased] in the Parish of and County of, to which Lease

E.F.

[Designation] has made up Title by Service as eldest Son [or

as the Case may be] and Heir of the said C.D., dated [insert Date of Service] before the [specify the Court before which the Heir has been served], and duly retoured to Chancery, [or, as the Case may be, as General Disponee or Assignee of the said C.D. in virtue of [here mention the Writs or Decreets instructing the Right, with the Dates . thereof, and, if recorded, the Register, and Date of )*]:

Wherefore this Instrument is taken by the said E.F. in the Hands of G.H.

[Designation of Notary Public], in Terms of the Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857.

[Testing Clause.]

No. 2.  Case of Assignation in Security.

Be it known, That by Bond and Assignation in Security of Date C.D.

[Designation] assigned to J.K.

[Designation], in Security of a

Note.  If the Person in whose Favour the Instrument is taken is not the Heir or Disponee of the original Grantee, but of one who has acquired Right to the Lease or Assignation in Security, here specify shortly the Series of Titles by which the Predecessor acquired the Right. v

Sum

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

Sum of [or as the Case may ], a Lease granted

by A.B.

[. Designation] of [shortly describe the Subjects ],

in the Parish of and County of,

which Lease is dated, and recorded [Register, and

Date of recording], to which Assignation in Security E.F.

[Designation] has acquired Right as eldest Son [or as the Case may be] and Heir of the said J.K., &c.

[os in Form No. 1.]

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Translation of Assignation in Security.

I, A.B., [Designation^] in consideration of the Sum of

now paid to me [or as the Case may be], assign and transfer to C.D.

[Designation] a Bond and Assignation in Security for the Principal Sum of [or as the Case may be], granted by E.F.

[Designation] in my Favour, [or, if not in Granter's, name and

design the Party in whose Favour g,] dated and recorded [Register and Date of recording] of and over a Lease granted by G.H.

[Designation] of [shortly describe Subjects leased], in the Parish of, and County of, which Lease is

dated, and is recorded in the said Register of Date

[and (if the Granter is not the Assignee in said ) my Title to which Bond and Assignation in Security is recorded in said Register (Date of recording)], [but (where the Translation is partial) only to the Extent of (insert Sum), and to the Effect of giving pari passu Preference to the said C.D. over the said Lease with me, my Heirs and Assigns, as regards the Remainder of the said Principal Sum and corresponding Interest], with the Interest from [Date].

[Testing Clause.]

SCHEDULE (E.)

Forms of Writs of Acknowledgment.

No. 1.  Acknowledgment of Heir in Lease.

I, A.B., [Designation^] Proprietor infeft in the Lands of C., by

Infeftment recorded [Register, and Date of ,] acknowledge D.E., [Designation^] as [specify Relationship], and Heir of the deceased F.G., [Designation,] to be in Right of a Lease granted by H.J.

[Designation] of [shortly mention Subjects] in the Parish of and County of, being a Portion

of the said Lands of C., which Lease is dated

and recorded [Register, and Date of recording], and [where the Deceased not the original Lessee] the Title of the said F.G. being recorded in the said Register, of Date

[Testing Claused]

No. 2.

[zed

M m

138

Registration of Long Leases (Scotland).

No. 2.  Acknowledgment of Heir of Creditor in Assignation in

Security.

I, A.B., [Designation,] being in Right of a Lease granted by

C.D.

[Designation] of [shortly specify ] in the Parish

of and County of, which Lease

is dated, and recorded [Register, and Date of

recording] and [where Granter not the Lessee named in the Lease] my Title to which is recorded in said Register [Date of recording], acknowledge E.F.

[Desi] as [specify Relationship'], and Heir of the deceased O.H. to be in Right of

a Bond and Assignation in Security for the Sum of [or as the Case may be] granted by I.K.

[Designation] over said Lease, which Bond and Assignation in Security is dated and recorded in the said Register on [Date], and [where the Deceased not the original Creditor] the Title of the said G.H. to which Bond and Assignation in Security is recorded in the said Register on [Date].

[Testing Clause.]

SCHEDULE (F.)

Form of Notarial Instrument in favour of Heir in recorded Lease or Assignation in Security, or of Trustee on sequestrated Estate.

No. 1.  Case of Lease.

Be it known, That by Lease dated A.B.

[Designation]

let to C.D.

[Designation] that Piece of Ground [or as the Case may be, shortly describing the Property leased,] in the Parish of and County of, which Lease is recorded

[Register, and Date of recording], and to which E.F.

[Designation] has made up Title by Service as [specify Relationship], and Heir of the said C.D., dated the [insert Date of Service], before the [specify the Court before which the Heir has been served], and duly retoured to Chancery [or, as the Case may be, as General Disponee of the said C.D., or as Heir (or General Disponee) of L.M. in an Assignation

by the said C.D. of Date, or as Trustee confirmed

on the sequestrated Estate of the said , in virtue of (here mention the Writs or Decreets, instructing the Rights, with the Dates thereof, and if recorded, the Register, and Date of recording.)] Whereupon this Instrument is taken by the said E.F., in the Hands of G.H.

[Designation of Notary Public], in Terms of the "Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857."

[Testing Clause.]

No. 2 '

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 26.

Registration of Long Leases [Scotland).

No. 2.  Case of Assignation in Security.

Be it known, That by Bond and Assignation in Security, of Date C.D.

[Designation] assigned to I.K: [Designation] in

Security of a Sum of [or as the Case may be,] a

Lease granted by A.B.

[Designation] of [shortly describe the Subjects leased] in the Parish of and County of,

dated, and recorded [Register, and Date of recording], to

which Bond and Assignation in Security E.F.

[Designation] has acquired Right as [specify Relationship], and Heir of the said I.K., &c.

[as in Form No. 1.]

SCHEDULE (G.)

Renunciation of Lease.

I, A.B., [Designation,] renounce as from the Term of in favour of C.D.

[Designation] a Lease granted by the said C.D.

[or as the Case may be] of [shortly set forth Subjects] in the Parish of and County of, which Lease is dated

and recorded [Register, and Date of recording,] and [where the Party renouncing not the original Lessee] my Title to which is recorded in the said Register on [Date].

[Testing Clause.]

SCHEDULE (H.)

Form of Discharge of Bond and Assignation in Security.

I, A.B., [Designation,] in consideration of the Sum of now paid to me by C.D.

[Designation,] discharge a Bond and Assignation in Security for the Sum of, granted by the said C.D. in my Favour [or as the Case may be*], and which is dated and recorded in the [Register, and Date of

recording]; and I declare to be disburdened thereof a Lease granted by E.F.

[Designation] of [shortly mention Subjects leased] in the Parish of and County of,

which Lease is dated and recorded [Register,

and Date of recording],

[Testing Clause.]

Note.  If Gran ter not original Creditor, here state his Title, and Date of recording the same.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE, REGINAE.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Caledonian and CrinanCanals, and to make further Provision for the Accommodation of the Traffic thereon.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for incorporating the Commissioners of the n & 12 Vict Caledonian Canal, and for vesting the Crinan Canal in the said c. 54. Commissioners: And whereas the Number of Passengers and Cattle conveyed on the said Canals has very greatly increased, and it is necessar}' and expedient that additional Facilities and Accommodation should be afforded for landing and shipping Passengers and Cattle, by the Erection and Improvement of Piers and Jetties, and that further Provision should be made for the Regulation of the said Canals and of the Traffic thereon: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The following Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them; that is to say, the Expression " the Canals" N n shall

Interpretation of Terms.

As to defraying the Expense of Piers and Jetties.

Power to Commissioners to levy Rates at Piers and Jetties.

Power to Commissioners to enter into Agreements for Erection of Piers and Jetties.

Power to borrow Money on Security of Tolls, &c.

Power to Exchequer Loan Commissioners

Caledonian and Crinan Canals.

shall mean and include the whole Navigations of the Caledonian Canal and the Crinan Canal; and the Expression " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of the Caledonian Canal incorporated

by the recited Act.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, out of the Rates by this Act authorized to be levied, or of any Moneys to be borrowed by them on the Security thereof, or of any other Fuiids at their Disposal, to defray the Expense of erecting, improving, and maintaining such Piers, Jetties, or Landing Places as they may think it expedient to erect or improve on Lands belonging to the Commissioners, or on or in connection with the Canals or either, of them.

III. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to levy and receive, at every Pier, Jetty, or Landing Place erected or to be erected or improved on Lands belonging to the Commissioners, or on or in connection with the Canals respectively, such Rates on Passengers, Animals, Goods, and Carriages landed or shipped at such Pier, Jetty, or Landing Place as the Commissioners may from Time to Time deem expedient, not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to enter into Contracts and Agreements, on such Terms and Conditions as they shall think fit, with the Owners of any Lands through which the Canals pass, with respect to any Piers, Jetties, or Landing Places erected or to be erected by such Owners at their own Expense on or in connection with the Canals, and with respect to the Management and Maintenance of such Piers, Jetties, or Landing Places, and the levying and receiving of Rates thereat, not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

V. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to borrow such Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, on the Security of the Canals respectively, and the Tolls and Rates leviable under this Act and the several other Acts relating thereto, and to grant and execute Mortgages or Assignations of the Canals respectively, and of the said Tolls and Rates, in Security of the Payment of the Money so borrowed and the Interest thereon.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans or Public Works, acting in the Execution of the Act Fifth and Sixth

of

Caledonian and Crinan.

of Victoria, Chapter Nine, and of any other Acts relating to the Public to lend Works Loan Fund, with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners JheCommis of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to advance and lend to Commis-the Commissioners from Time to Time any Sums of Money not exceed- 810ners-ing Twenty thousand Pounds, on the Security of the Canals respectively, and the Tolls and Rates leviable under this Act and the several other Acts relating thereto, and to accept and take from the Commissioners Mortgages or Assignations of the said Canals respectively, and of the said Tolls and Rates, in Security of the Payment of the Money so advanced and lent, and the Interest thereon: Provided, that the Moneys to be borrowed by the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from the said Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works, and from any other Person,

Company, or Corporation, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

VII. All Moneys borrowed by the Commissioners under the Pro- Application visions of this Act shall be applied by them in erecting or improving Piers, Jetties, or Landing Places on Land belonging to them or on or in connection with the Canals respectively, and in otherwise providing additional Accommodation for the Traffic thereon.

VIII. All Rates levied and all Moneys borrowed under the Autho- Application rky of this Act shall be applied and expended on or in connection and

with the Canal on which such Rates shall be levied and for which borrowed, such Money shall be borrowed; and the Mortgages or Assignations to he granted by the Commissioners shall only extend to the Canal for which such Moneys shall be borrowed.

IX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide Steam Power to Tugs, Horses, and Machinery for towing Vessels in the Firths or Entrances and Channels leading to the Canals, and for towing or tracking provide or Vessels on the Canals and inland Lakes, and to fix and levy Rates for ]^e"s^am and in respect of the Use of suchrSteam Tugs, Horses, and Machinery, Horses for or, if they shall think fit, the Commissioners may license and authorize towing, the Owners and Masters of Steam Tugs, and the Owners and Drivers of Horses, to tow Vessels in the said Firths and Channels, and to tow or track Vessels in the Canals and Lakes, at such Rates as may from Time to Time be fixed by the Commissioners, who shall make such Byelaws and Rules as they may deem expedient for the keeping and Use of such Steam Tugs, Horses, and Machinery, and the Regulation of the Owners, Masters, and Drivers or other Persons in charge of the same; and such Byelaws and Rules shall be published and enforced in the Manner provided by the Acts relating to the Canals.

X. It

For preserving and improving Channels leading to Caledonian Canal.

Ballast not to be thrown into Channels leading to Caledonian Canal.

Power to place Beacons and Buoys on the Caledonian Canal and Channels leading thereto.

Penalty for injuring or removing Beacons or Buoys.

For Recovery of Rates and Penalties.

Saving Rights of Inverness Harbour Trustees.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 27.

Caledonian and Crinan Canals.

X. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to adopt all such Measures as may be necessary for preserving free from Obstruction the Channels leading to the Caledonian Canal within Three Miles from the several Entrances thereof, and from Time to Time to improve and deepen the said Channels by dredging or otherwise as they shall deem expedient.

XI. Every Person who shall throw or put any Ballast, Earth, Ashes, Stones, or Rubbish into any of the Channels leading to the Caledonian Canal within Three Miles of the several Entrances thereof shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to erect Beacons and Seamarks and lay down Buoys for the Guidance of Vessels in or near to the Channels leading to the Caledonian Canal, within Three Miles of the Entrances thereof, and in or near to the inland Lakes forming Part of the Navigation of the said Canal: Provided, that no such Beacon or Seamark shall be erected in or near to the said Channels without the Sanction in Writing of the Commissioners of Northern Lights first had and obtained; and if any such Beacon or Seamark be erected with such Sanction as aforesaid, the same shall not be afterwards altered without the like Sanction; and every such Beacon or Seamark shall be from Time to Time discontinued or altered, as the said Commissioners of Northern Lights shall direct.

XIII. Every Person who shall injure, displace, or remove any such Beacon, Seamark, or Buoy shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. The Rates and Penalties by this Act authorized to be levied and imposed shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Rates and Penalties leviable under the Acts relating to the Canals respectively; and all the Enactments and Provisions contained in the said Acts with respect to the levying and Recovery of the Tolls, Rates, and Dues thereby authorized to be levied, and the Penalties thereby imposed, shall be applicable to the Rates and Penalties by this Act authorized to be levied and imposed, in the same Manner and as fully and effectually as if such Enactments and Provisions had been herein repeated and re-enacted.

XV. Nothing in this Act contained shall alter, prejudice, or affect Sections Fifty-four and Fifty-five of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act

Caledonian and Crinan Canals.

Act for deepening, enlarging, impro, and maintaining the Port

and Harbour of Inverness, and the Navigation of the River Ness, and the Quays and Piers and other Works connected,

for regulating the Anchorage and Shore Dues of the said Port and Harbour, and for other Purposes relating, or any of the Powers, Rights, and Authorities conferred by the said Act on the Trustees acting under the same.

O o

Caledonian and Crinan Canale.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

Rates to be levied at Piers, Jetties, or Landing Places.

Each Passenger -

Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, per Score, 6 rf., or if under 10, each -Each Bull, Cow, Bullock, or Heifer Ditto, under Two Years old -

Each Calf .....

Each Horse -

Each Horse under 13 Hands, and each Mule or Ass Each Cart, empty .....

Each Cart, loaded -

Each Gig or Two-wheeled Carriage Each Four-wheeled Coach or Carriage Each Parcel or Package carried by a Porter Each Wheelbarrow with Luggage -Each Two-wheeled Barrow or Truck with Luggage Bark, per Ton -

Birch or Alder Staves, per 1,000 Coals, per Ton -

Grain, Meal, or Flour, per Bag or Barrel Guano, Bones, and other Manures, per Ton Lime, per Boll .....

Potatoes, per Cwt .....

Salt, per Ton -

Slates, Bricks, and Tiles, per 100, One Halfpenny, o per 1,000 .....

Spars, Rails, Pit Props, &c., per 500 running Feet Stones and Iron, per Ton -Sugar, Herrings, Tar, or Butter, per Barrel Timber, Planks, or Deals, per Load of 50Feet Wool, per Bag -Goods not otherwise enumerated, per Bag, Barrel, or Box

£ 9. d.

0 0 2

0 0 04

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 2

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIES REGINAE.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Parent of the Land and Assessed Taxes and Property and Income Tax in Scotland.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS Duties on Inhabited Houses were granted by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Victoria, Chapter Thirty-six, and Duties of Assessed Taxes were granted by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her said Majesty Victoria, Chapter Ninety, and other Acts; and it is provided by the said Acts that all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in or enacted by the Acts respectively then in force in relation to the Duties of Assessed Taxes should, in so far as not superseded by and consistent with the said Acts, be applicable and put in execution in reference to the said Duties: And whereas it is provided by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Forty-third Year of His late Majesty George the Third, Chapter One hundred and sixty-one, Section Twenty-four, that every Assessment in Scotland of the said Duties shall be paid by half-yearly Instalments on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-P p fifth

43 G. 3.C. 161

a 24

5 & 6 W.4. c. 64. s. 13.

5.&6. W. c. 64. s. 13.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 36. s. 176.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 28.

Land and Assessed Taxes, $c. (Acts Amendment.

fifth Day of March in every Year; and it is further provided by the said Section of the said Act, that every Person charged to the said Duties shall, in case of his or her not paying the same upon the Day upon which he or she is thereby appointed to pay the same, or within Three Days thereafter, forfeit treble the Value and Extent of the Duties with which he or she stands charged, to be recovered as the said Duties may be recovered: And whereas by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, Section Thirteen, it is provided that the Land Tax in Scotland shall be recovered, levied, collected, and paid under the same Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and Penalties as the Assessed Taxes in Scotland now are or may hereafter be recovered, levied, collected, and paid: And whereas increased Rates of Duty were granted on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices by the Acts passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Victoria, Chapter Twenty-four, and in the Session of Parliament

held in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty Victoria, Chapter Twenty; and it is provided by the said Acts that all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in or enacted by the several Acts in force with respect to the Duties granted by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Victoria, Chapter Thirty-four, should (so far as the same were or might be applicable consistently with the express Provisions of the said Acts) be applied and put in execution in reference to the said increased Rates of Duty: And whereas the Rates of Duty in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains under and by virtue of the Acts now in force relating to the Income Tax for the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven were reduced by the Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Victoria, Chapter Six: And whereas by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty Victoria, Chapter Thirty-five, Section One hundred and seventy-six, it is provided, that in Scotland every Assessment of the said Duties shall be payable by Two half-yearly Instalments, videlicet, on or before the Twentieth Day of September for the first half-yearly Instalment, and on or before the Twentieth Day of March for the last half-yearly Instalment: And whereas in Scotland it has not been found convenient to collect the said Duties and Land Tax by Two half-yearly Instalments, nor has it been the Practice to recover the said Treble Duties: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with

20° & 21° VICTORIAE. Cap. 28.

Land and Assessed Taxes, §c. (Scotland) Acts Amendment

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said recited Provisions of the Acts passed in the

Session of Parliament held in the Forty-third Year of His late Majesty George the Third, Chapter One hundred and sixty-one, Section Twenty-four, and in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty,

Chapter Thirty-five, Section One hundred and seventy-six, be repealed, and also all other Provisions in the said Acts, and in any other Acts, in so far as inconsistent with the Provisions herein-after made.

II. And it is hereby provided, That in Scotland the Duties on

Inhabited Houses and the Duties of Assessed Taxes assessed for the Year from Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and the Land Tax for the same Year, and the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices assessed for the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-

seven, shall be payable on or before the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and the said Duties and Land Tax in every Assessment for every subsequent Year shall be payable on or before the First Day of January in every Year.

Recited Provisions repealed of 43 G. 3. c. 161. and 5 & 6 Vict c. 35.

In Scotland thelnhabited House Duty, Assessed Taxes, Land Tax, and Property and Income Tax payable every Year on or before 1st January.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages in Christ Churcht West Hartlepool, in the Parish of

Stranton in the County of Durham.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS a Church at Hartlepool in the Parish of Stranton in the County of Durham was erected and built in or before the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, and was in that Year duly consecrated for the Performance of Divine Service therein, under the Name of Christ Church, and on the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four a District was, by Instrument under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop of Durham, expressed to be assigned to the said Church, in exercise of a supposed Authority for that Purpose in an Act of the Session holden in the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight: And whereas divers Marriages have been solemnized in the said Church, and Entries of the said Marriages so solemnized have been from Time to Time made in Register Books kept at the said Church: And whereas the sole Jurisdiction of the Bishop under the said Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, to assign a District to a new Church, having been determined by the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth Q q and

Marriages solemnized in Christ Church, West Hartlepool, declared valid.

Ministers

having

solemnized

Marriages

indemnified.

Registers to be Evidence.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 29.

Christ Church (West Hartlepool).

and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-seven, it is apprehended that the Marriages solemnized in the said Church may be deemed invalid: And whereas it is expedient, under the Circumstances aforesaid, to confirm such Marriages: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Marriages heretofore solemnized in the said Church, and the Publication of Banns in such Church previous to any such Marriage, shall be and be deemed to have been as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Marriages had been solemnized and such Publication of Banns had taken place in the Parish Church of Stranton.

II. No Minister who has solemnized any of the said Marriages shall be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his having so as aforesaid solemnized the same respectively.

III. The Registers of the Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid or, Copies of such Registers, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages in Parish Churches, or Copies thereof, are by Law receivable in Evidence.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to purchase certain Lands in the Parish of Chatham in the County of Ke?it, and to stop up, divert, or alter certain Ways in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Purposes of the Public Service, that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland be authorized to purchase and hold additional Lands in the Parish of Chatham in the county of , and from Time to Time to sell, exchange, dispose of, or demise such Lands as Occasion may require; and for the more convenient Occupation thereof that the Commissioners have Power to stop up, divert, or alter certain Ways in the same Parish: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Interpretation.

Chatham Lands, §c.

I. In citing this Act for any Purpose *whatever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Chatham Lands Purchase Act, 1857."

II. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, save and except such Parts as and so far only as such Parts relate to Compensation for any Damage or Injury to or injuriously affecting any Lands by reason of the Execution of any Works, and also save and except Sections Fifteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, One hundred and twenty-seven, One hundred and twenty-eight, One hundred and twenty-mine, One hundred and thirty, One hundred and thirty-one, One hundred and thirty-two, One hundred and thirty-three, One hundred and thirty-for^j Onle .hundred and forty, One hundred and f6rty-el£H, -T)he hundred and fifty, and One hundred and fifty-one of the said Act, shall, so far as the same may be applicable to and is not inconsistent with or modified by this Act, be incorporated with and for all Intents and Purposes whatever form Part of this Act.

III. In the Construction of this Act, and of the Act herewith incorporated, so far as it relates to the Purposes of this Act, unless there be something in the Context repugnant to such Construction,

The Word " Ways" shall mean Turnpike Roads, Highways, Streets, Lanes, Occupation Roads or Ways, Bridleways, Footpaths, Causeways, Passages, and other Ways of every Kind whatsoever:

"The Lord High Admiral" shall mean the Lord High Admiral for the Time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

"The Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of "The Lord High Admiral," when the Office of the Lord High Admiral shall be executed by Commissioners, and the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, whenever Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall have appointed a Lord High Admiral:

" Special Act " in the Act herewith incorporated shall mean this Act:

The Expression " Promoters of the Undertaking " in the Act herewith incorporated shall mean " the Commissioners

The Word " Company " in the Act herewith incorporated shall mean " the Commissioners

The Word " Lands " shall include Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments of every Description and of every Tenure, and all public and private Rights, Liberties,

Appurtenances,

20° & 21" VICTORIES, Cap. 30.

Chatham. Lands, , fyc. c.

Appurtenances, Easements, and Privileges of every Description, in, over, upon, under, or through any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, subject to the Pro- Commis-visions of this Act, to purchase all or any of the Lands mentioned

in the Schedule to this Act which they have not hitherto acquired, Lands, and that although the same Lands, or the Description or Boundaries thereof or of any Part thereof, or the Names of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers thereof respectively, or of any of them, may happen to be erroneously stated in or omitted from the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to and be certified by any Two Justices under their Hands that such erroneous Statement or Omission was not wiliul.

V. All Lands mentioned in the said Schedule which have been Lands to be purchased by the Commissioners, and which may be purchased or in fo^H^Ma-any Manner acquired by the Commissioners under the Authority of jesty.

this Act, shall be and become vested in the Commissioners for the Time being, and in their Successors in Office from Time to Time, to be held and enjoyed by the Commissioners for the Time being in succession, in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Public Service.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, instead of the Bond Instead of mentioned in Sections Eighty-five and Eighty-seven of the Act qXed^'y incorporated herewith, to give to the Party who would otherwise be 8 & 9 Vict. entitled to such Bond a written Undertaking under their Hands to do miisioner' and perform all and singular the Matters and Things mentioned in may give the Condition to such Bond to be done and performed; and such Undertaking shall have the same Validity and Effect as the Bond mentioned in the same Sections.

VII. The Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the Com- Powers to missioners relative to the Lands mentioned in the said Schedule shall,

so far as the Commissioners may at any Time or Times deem expedient already for effecting any of the Objects of this Act, be applicable as well to n, a<Je' any of such Lands already purchased or taken, or agreed to be purchased or taken, as to such as shall hereafter be pm-chased or taken under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. All Notices which under this Act are to be given by the Notices by Commissioners may be given under the Hand of the Secretary of the ^nanU8810n' Admiralty.

IX. All Notices and other Proceedings which under this Act are to Notices, &c. be given to or served on the Commissioners shall be served on the

Secretary

Lands to continue liable to Land Tax.

Commissioners may stop up and divert Ways, &c.

Soil of Ways, &c. to vest in Commissioners.

Soil of substituted Ways, &c. to vest in Persons in whom Ways, &c. stopped up vested.

Other public Drains, &c. to be made in lieu of any stopped up.

Substituted Ways, &c. to be repaired by Commissioners for Twelve Months.

After Twelve Months, by Persons liable to repair the old Ways, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 30.

Chatham La, $c.

Secretary of the Admiralty, by being left at or transmitted through the Post to the Admiralty at Whitehall.

X. All Lands mentioned in the said Schedule which have been purchased by the Commissioners, and which may be purchased under the Authority of this Act which may be charged with the Land Tax, shall continue liable thereto, as they would have been had such Lands not been so purchased.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by Order in Writing under their Hands, to stop up, divert, or alter all or any of the Ways, Sewers, Drains, and Pipes on, near to, under, through, or over any of the Lands mentioned in the said Schedule, they the said Commissioners making, opening, or laying down another sufficient Way, Sewer, Drain, or Pipe, when requisite, in lieu of the One stopped up, diverted, or altered; and the Site and Soil of all such Ways, Sewers, Drains, and Pipes shall, on the same being so stopped up, diverted, or altered, be vested in the Commissioners, in manner herein-before provided with respect to Lands purchased by them.

XII. Upon any such substituted Way, Sewer, or Pipe being completed, the Site and Soil thereof shall vest in the same Persons, for the same Estate and Interest only, as the Site and Soil of the Way, Sewer, Drain, or Pipe stopped up, diverted, or altered was vested in at the Time the same was so stopped up, diverted, or altered.

XIII. If it shall be deemed necessary to stop up, divert, or alter any Way under or through which any Public Drain or Sewer, or Main Pipe for the Conveyance of Gas or Water, shall pass or be laid, the Commissioners, previously to any such Drain, Sewer, or Pipe being disturbed or injured, shall cause another good and sufficient Drain or Sewer to be made, and other good and sufficient Pipe or Pipes for the Conveyance of Gas or Water, as the Case may be, to be laid down.

XIV. Every Way, Drain, Sewer, and Pipe which shall be so substituted by the Commissioners shall be kept in repair and maintained by the Commissioners for Twelve Calendar Months from the Time when the same shall be opened or shall be begun to be used.

XV. After the Expiration of such Twelve Calendar Months, every such substituted Way, Drain, Sewer, and Pipe shall lie repaired and maintained by and at the Cost of the Persons who were previously liable to repair and maintain the Way, Drain, Sewer, or Pipe in lieu of which such substituted Way, Drain, Sewer, or Pipe shall have been made.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 30.

101

Chatham Lands, $c.

XVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Commission-Time to sell, exchange, or in any Manner dispose of, or to demise or yrnsmffay 8611 let, all or any of the said Lands hitherto purchased by the Commissioners and which from Time to Time may be purchased or acquired

under the Authority of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to grant, convey, assign, or demise the same or any Part thereof accordingly, and for that Purpose to make and execute all such Conveyances and Assurances as they may deem necessary, and to do any other Act, Matter, or Thing in relation to such Lands as the Commissioners shall deem necessary.

XVII. All Lands acquired by the Commissioners on any such Lands ob-

Exchange shall vest in the Commissioners upon the same Trusts, and to

with the like Powers in all respects, as are hereby declared as to Lands vest in Com-hereby authorized to be purchased. missioners.

XVIII. The Monies to be produced by Sale or Exchange, or which Monies re-may be paid by way of Premium, for any Lease of any Lands which shall be sold, let, exchanged, or conveyed, under the Provisions of this pajd to Pay-Act, shall be paid by the Purchaser or Lessee thereof, or the Person master Genemaking any such Exchange, to Her Majesty's Paymaster General for the Time being; and the Receipt of the said Paymaster General for any such Monies (such Receipt to be endorsed on every such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease as aforesaid), shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Person by whom or on whose Account the same shall be paid.

XIX. Immediately from and after the Payment of any such Monies, Lands to and the Execution of any such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease as fre*^fr^or aforesaid, by the Commissioners, the Purchaser or Lessee therein Esute^&c. named shall stand seised or possessed of the Lands which shall be

so purchased by and conveyed or leased to him freed and absolutely discharged of and from all prior Estates, Rights, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, and Demands whatsoever which can or may be had, made, or set up in respect of such Lands by any Person whomsoever, by, from, under, or in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or on any Account whatsoever, save and except such Estates, Rights, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims, and Demands (if any) as in such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease shall be excepted.

XX. All the Powers, Authorities, and Duties hereby vested in Powers to be or imposed on the Commissioners may be exercised and performed by any Two of therh at any Time when the Office of the Lord High missioners or Admiral shall be executed by Commissioners, and at all other Times by the Lord High Admiral for the Time being. 0111

162 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 30.

Chatham Lands, $c.

Saving of

XXI. Nothing herein contained shall defeat, abridge, or in* H^r Majesty juriOU8ty affect, in any Action, Suit, or other Proceedings, the legal Rights, Privileges, or Prerogatives of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and in all such Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings commenced under or in pursuance of this Act, and in all Matters relating thereunto, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to claim, exercise, and enjoy all the same Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives which have been heretofore claimed, exercised, and enjoyed in any Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity, by Her Majesty or Her Predecessors, in the same Manner as if the Subject Matter of the said Action, Suit, or other Proceeding were vested immediately in Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, and as if Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, were actually a Party to such Action, Suit, or other Proceeding.

Protection of

XXII. Nothing contained in this Act, and nothing done under or

Commission- in pursuance thereof, shall extend to charge the Commissioners or tM's personally any of them with the Payment of any Penalty or Penalties, or to charge, affect, oi make liable the Person or Persons of the Commissioners or of any of them, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or their own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, or Property, in, under, or by reason of any Actions, Suits, Arbitrations, or other Proceedings whatsoever, at Law, in Equity, or otherwise, instituted, agreed, made, or taken under or in pursuance of this Act, nor shall the Commissioners or any of them be personally liable, nor shall the Property of the Commissioners or any of them be liable, to any legal Process or Execution in any such Actions, Suits, Arbitrations, or other Proceedings as aforesaid.

The

The SCHEDULE to the foregoing Act.

The Property herein-after described is bounded as follows; that is to say, on the North by the present Royal Marine Barracks, on the West by the Gun Wharf belonging to the War Department, on the South by the Churchyard of St. Mary's Church there, and on the East by the Queen's Highway or Road leading from the Town of Chatham to Brompton in the County of Kent.

Parish, Township, Townland, or Extra-parochial Plaoe. Number on Parliamentary Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Parish of Chatham in the 1 A Messuage or Tenement and Dwelling House Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, Frederick Manser Frederick Manser.

County of Kent. called the Navy and Army Hotel, Outbuildings, Yards, and Premises. William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife. 1

2 Passage Way and Yard. Harriet Best, the Reverend Sir Charles Hardinge, Clerk and Baronet, and Mawdistly Gaussen Best, Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife. James; Grover, Edward Winch. Walker pill, William Harding, Henry Baker. Henry Jones, Neale Gorman, James Grover, and Cliurles Cheeseman Croft.

3 A Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, and Premises. Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife. James Grover - James Grover and Charles Cheeseman Croft.

4 Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, and Premises. Harriet Best, the Reverend Sir Charles Hardinge, Clerk and Baronet, and Mawdistly Gaussen Best. Edward Winch - Walker Hill, William Harding, Henry Baker, Henry Jones, and Neale Gorman.

5 A Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, and Premises, called the Queen's Head Public House. Harriet Best, the Reverend Sir Charles Hardinge, Clerk and Baronet, and Mawdistly Gaussen Best. Edward Winch - Rebecca JelL

6 Passage, Yard, and Outbuilding. Harriet Best, the Reverend Sir Charles Hardinge, Clerk and Baronet, and Mawdistly Gaussen Best. Edward Winch - Rebecca Jell, Walker Hill, William Harding, Henry Baker, Henry Jones, and Neale Gorman.

7 Passage, Yard, and Harriet Best, the Reverend Edward Winch, John Connell. Rebecca Jell, Walker Hill, William Harding, Henry Baker, Henry Jones, Neale Gorman, -!, John Connell, William Brigden, John Taylor, William Monlell, Edward Payne, Edward Mackay, John Miller, Benjamin Surrel, Robert Irving, Christopher DufFey, Walter Murdock, William Harrison, and Michael Hare.

Well of Water. Sir Charles Hardinge, Clerk and Baronet, and Mawdistly Gaussen Best, James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage.

Parish, Township, Townland, or Extra-parochial Place. Number on Parliamentary Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent (conthnud). 8 Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, and Premises. Janies Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - Robert Irving, Christopher Duflfey, Walter Murdock, William Harrison, and Michael Hare.

9 Dwelling House and Premises. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - John Connell, John Miller, and Benjamin Surrey

10 Dwelling House and Premises. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - Edward Payne and Edward Mackay.

11 Lcan-toWasb-house and Premises. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell John Connell.

IS Dwelling House and Premises. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - John Taylor and William Morde11.

13 Shed and Outbuilding. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell John Connell.

14 Dwelling House and Premises. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - William Brigden.

15 Passage or Entrance Way, Yard, and Outbuildings. James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - 1 John Connell, William Brig-j den, John Taylor, William Mordell, Edward Payne, Edward Mackay, John Miller, Benjamin Surrel, Robert Irving, Christopher Duffey, Walter Murdock, William Harrison, and Michael Hart.

16 Tenement or Stable James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Formao, Charles Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, and Robert Gage. John Connell - 1 John Connell.

Parish, Township, Townland, or Extra-parochial Place.

Description of Property.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent (continued).

17

18

19

20

20 b

21

22

23

Dwelling House used as a Beer Shop, called the Royal Marine, with a Shed, Yard, and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Covered Passage, Yard, Outbuildings, Passages, and Well of Water.

Passage-way

John Lock

Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, and Premises.

Stable and Premises.

Coach-houses, Stables, Shed, Outbuildings, Yard, and Premises.

Humphrey Wickham Humphrey Wickham Humphrey Wickham

Humphrey Wickham Sarah Rimington.

and

Robert Hanbury, Sir Edwanl North Buxton, Baronet, Arthur Pryor, Robert Hanbury the younger, Thomas Fowell Buxton, and Charles Buxton.

Humphrey Wickham

Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife.

Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife.

James Grover -

I if

Frederick Manser

Robert Bailey.

Henry Wright and Miles Marney.

William Banks, James Palmer, and William Hogden.

Henry Wright, Miles Marney, William Banks, James Palmer, William Hogden, John Campbell, George Dyer, Joseph Kirkland, Henry Camp, James Kelby, John Kelly, Elizabeth Tennant, James O'Neil, Maria Money, Kate Morrison, Robert Clarke, Archibald Brown, Bridget Welsh, William Smith, John Sullivan, George Ellis, John Taylor, Thomas Allship, Patrick Ford, Michael O'Connor, David Hughes, and Frank Lynch.

Henry Wright, Miles Marney, William Banks, James Palmer, William Hogden, John Campbell, George Dyer, Joseph Kirkland, Henry Camp, James Kelby, John Kelly, Elizabeth Tennant, James O'Neil, Maria Money, Kate Morrison, Robert Clarke, Archibald Brown, Bridget Welsh, William Smith, John Sullivan, George Ellis, John Taylor, Thomas Allship, Patrick Ford, Michael O'Connor, David Hughes, James Grant, Samuel Jacob, Thomas Rigby, Henry Pattison, Robert Howard, and Frank Lynch.

John Campbell, George Dyer, and Joseph Kirkland.

James Grover.

Frederick Manser.

Tt

Chatham L, tyc.

Parish, Township, Townland, or Extra-parochial Place. Number on Parliamentary Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. I Occupiers.

Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent. (continued). 24 A Messuage or Tenement used as aPublic House, called the Red Lion, Fowl-house, Outbuildings, Yard, and Premises. Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife. John Swan John Swan.

24 6 Open Yard Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jenner, Kentish Jenner, and Charles Kennington and Ellen his Wife. John Swan and Frederick Manser. John Swan and Frederick Manser.

25 Dwelling House, Yard, and Premises. Humphrey Wickham Henry Camp.

26 Dwelling House and Premises. Humphrey Wickham - James Kelly and John Kelly,

27 Dwelling House and Premises. Humphrey Wickham ... Elizabeth Tennant, James O'Neil, Maria Money, and Kate Morrison.

28 Passage, Yard, and Outbuilding. Humphrey Wickham Elizabeth Tennant, James, O'Neil, Maria Money, Kate Morrison, Henry Camp, James Kelby, and John Kelly. Henry George Jennison, Andrew Fenner, Leonard Cornelius Scoones, John White, Robert Spence, and John Waylin.

29 Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, Outbuilding, and Premises. Samuel William Brooks

30 Dwelling House, Yard, and Premises. Samuel William Brooks Edward Gooddy Edward Goody.

31 Dwelling House, Yard, and Premises. Samuel William Brooks Edward Gooddy William Carter, Martin Hughes, Charles Baker, Thomas Horton, John Megan, and Patrick Connell.

32 Yard, Garden, Outbuildings, and Premises. Samuel William Brooks Edward Gooddy Edward Gooddy, William Carter, Martin Hughes, Charles Baker, Thomas Horton, John Megan, and Patrick Connell.

S3 Covered Passageway. Samuel William Brooks and Sarah Rimington. Edward Gooddy Edward Gooddy, William Carter, Martin Hughes, Charles Baker, Thomas Horton, John Megan, Patrick Connell, Henry Patti* son, Robert Howard, William Smith, James Gant, Samuel Jacob, and Thomas Rigby.

34 Dwelling House, Out-building, Garden, and Premises. Sarah Rimington James Gant, Samuel Jacob, and Thomas Rigby.

35 Dwelling House, Out-building, Garden, and Premises. Sarah Rimington Henry Pattison, Robert How* ard, and William Smith.

36 Passage, Yard, Well, and Premises. Sarah Rimington James Gant, Samuel Jacob, Thomas Rigby, Henry Pattison, Robert Howard, and William Smith.

37 Dwelling House and Premises. Humphrey Wickham Robert Clark, Archibald Brown, and Bridget Welsh,

Parish, Township, Townland, or Extra-parochial Place.

k c *

* 1

x> g

IS

Description of Property.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent (continued).

88

39

40

41

42

48

Dwelling House and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Dwelling House and Premises.

Road and Footpath

Humphrey Wickham

Humphrey Wickham

Humphrey Wickham

Humphrey Wickham

Humphrey Wickham

The Local Board of Health for Chatham, Thomas Hills their Clerk, Elizabeth Mary Jenner, Hannah Jenner, Charles Jenner, Ann Jenner, William Jen. ner, Kentish Jenner, Char les Kennington and Ellen his Wife, Harriet Best, the Reverend Sir Charles Har-dinge, Clerk and Baronet, Mawdistly Gaussen Best, James Hulkes, Charles William Beauclerk and Penelope his Wife, Robert Henry Forman, Charles . Gilbert Eversfield, Henry Blair Mayne, Robert Gage, John Lock, Humphrey Wickham, Samuel William Brooks and Sarah Ri-mington.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Frank Lynch.

George Ellis and John Taylor.

Thomas Allship.

Frederick Manser, James Grover, Ed ward Winch, John Connell, Robert Han-bury. Sir Edward North Buxton, Baronet, Arthur Pryor, Robert Hanbury the younger, Thomas Fowell Buxton, Charles Buxton, John Swan, and Kd-ward Gooddy.

Patrick Ford, Michael O'Connor, and David Hughes.

William Smith and John Sullivan.

Frederick Manser, James Grover, Charles Cheeseman Croft, Walker Hill, William Harding, Henry Baker, Henry Jones, Neale Gorman, Rebecca Jell, Robert Irving, Christopher Dufley, Walter Murdock, William Harrison, Michael Hare, John Connell, John Miller, Benjamin Surrcl, Edward Payne, Edward Mackay, John Taylor, William Mor-dell, William Brigden, Robert Hailey, Henry Wright, Miles Marney, William Banks, James Palmer, William Hogden, John Campbell, George Dyer, Joseph Kirkland, John Swan, Henry Camp, James Kelby, John Kelly, Elizabeth Tennant, James O'Neil, Maria Money, Kate Morrison, Henry George Jennison, Andrew Fenner, Leonard Cornelius Scoones, John White, Robert Spence, John Waylin, Edward Gooddy, William Carter, Martin Hughes, Charles Baker, Thomas Horton, John Megan, Patrick Connell, James Gant, Samuel Jacob, Thomas Rigby, Henry Pattison, Robert Howard, William Smith, Robert Clark, Archibald Brown, Bridget Welsh, Frank Lynch, William Smith, John Sullivan, George Ellis, John Taylor, Thomas Allship, Patrick Ford, Michael O'Connor, and David Hughes.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PR1MO

i

VICTORI. REGIN*.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend and explain the Inclosure Acts.

[10th August 1857.]

"WT WHEREAS it is expedient that "The Acts for the In-%/m/ closure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land" should " ' be further amended and extended: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In any Case of Inclosure in which it shall appear to the Fences may Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales to be unnecessary ^t^Ispensed that all or any of the Allotments to be made under the Award of the Valuer acting in the Matter of such Inclosure should be fenced, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by an Order under their Hands and Seal, if they shall see fit to dispense with the Erection of Boundary and other Fences, to direct that such Allotments or any of them shall be distinguished by Metes and Bounds: Provided nevertheless, that any Person interested in an Allotment may at any Time fence the same at his own Expense.

U u II. So

Allotments, until fenced, to be deemed a regulated Pasture.

Notices and Claims may be sent by Post, or left at usual Place of Abode.

Exchanges of Land by Railway and other Companies.

Exchange of Lands in which Her Majesty i9 interested in reversion.

Inclosure Acts Amendment.

II. So long as any of such Allotments remain unfenced the same shall be subject to the Provisions of the said Acts relating to regulated Pastures, in such Manner as the Valuer, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners, shall by his Award direct; and the Owners thereof shall enjoy all such Rights of Common by reason of Vicinage as they were entitled to prior to the setting out of such Allotments.

III. Where by the said Acts Notice is required to be given to any designated Person, or any Claim is required to be delivered to the Valuer in the Matter of any Inclosure, such Notice may be given or Claim delivered either by sending it by the Post in a registered Letter, or by leaving it at the Office or usual Place of Abode of .such Person or Valuer respectively.

IV. For the Purpose of removing all Doubts as to the Power of Companies incorporated by special Act of Parliament for the making and maintaining of any Railway, Canal, Docks, Harbour, Waterworks, or other Work, to exchange Land belonging to such Companies under the Provisions of the said Acts, be it declared and enacted, That every such Company shall be deemed to be a Person interested within the Meaning of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," for the Purpose of exchanging Land belonging to the said Company, and that notwithstanding the Provisions in any Act of Parliament relating to such Company specially limiting the Purposes to which such Land belonging to the said Company shall be applicable.

V. In case any Person interested according to the Definition contained in the Sixteenth Section of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen, shall apply to the Inclosure Commissioners for an Order of Exchange of any Land in which Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, have any Estate or Interest in Right of the Crown, in reversion or remainder expectant upon the Determination of any Estate for Life or other larger Interest, it shall be lawful for the Inclosure Commissioners to make such Order of Exchange, if they shall so think fit, provided that the Consent of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall have been previously signified thereto by some Writing under the Hand of One of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and every such Order of Exchange which shall be made with such Consent shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be binding upon Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and a Duplicate thereof shall in every Case be

deposited

Inclomre Acts Amendment.

deposited in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments:

Provided always, that in case any such Order shall, previously to the passing of this Act, have been made upon the Application of any Person as above mentioned, with the said Consent previously signified as aforesaid, every such Order shall be as valid and effectual, and be in like Manner binding upon Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as if the said Consent had been given under the Provisions of this Act.

VI. Where the Value of any Land proposed to be exchanged On an Ex-

under the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of ^e '

Land, or any of them, exceeds the Value of the Land, Rights, Ease- Value may ments, or Hereditaments for which the same is proposed to be exchanged, the Difference in Value may be compensated by a Rentcharge. perpetual Rentcharge of such Amount as in the Opinion of the

Valuer or Commissioners (as the Case may require) will be just, to be charged upon the Land for the Excess in Value whereof the same is intended as an Equivalent, or upon such Part thereof as may appear to the Valuer or Commissioners (as the Case may require) to afford sufficient Security for such Rentcharge.

VII. Where any Land of which a Partition is proposed to be made On a Parti-under the said Acts or any of them cannot in the Opinion of the

Valuer or Commissioners (as the Case may be) be conveniently Value of allotted in Severalty in Parts or Shares of the like proportional Values ^°tmenlj8

j i i jj severalty

as the undivided Parts or Shares in respect whereof the Partition is may be com-

proposed to be made, the Difference in such proportional Values may be compensated by a perpetual Rentcharge of such Amount, or charge, perpetual Rentcharges of such aggregate Amount, as in the Opinion of the Valuer or Commissioners (as the Case may require) will be just, to be charged on the Land or respective Lands for the Excess in Value whereof the same is or are intended as an Equivalent or Equivalents, or upon such Part or respective Parts of such Land or Lands as may appear to the Valuer or Commissioners (as the Case may require) to afford sufficient Security for such Rentcharge or Rent-charges respectively.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend Deficiency in to authorize any Exchange or Partition, or the Creation of any such ^l^dOnt? Rentcharge as aforesaid, where in the Opinion of the Valuer or Eighth of Commissioners (as the Case may be) the Deficiency in Value of any y1(^tual Land or other Hereditaments which would require to be compensated

as aforesaid exceeds One Eighth Part of the actual Value thereof.

IX. The

Amount of Rentcharge and Lands to be charged to be determined by the Inclosure Award or Order of Exchange, &c.

Indefeasible Title and Priority and Recovery of Rentcharges.

Rentcharge to go with the Land the Deficiency in Value whereof it compensates.

Protecting from Nuisances Town and Village Greens and Allotments for Exercise and Recreation.

Inclosure Acts Amendment.

IX. The Amount of the Rentcharge or respective Amounts of the Rentcharges (as the Case may be) to be created under this Act, on any such Exchange or Partition as aforesaid, and the Land or Lands to be charged therewith, shall respectively be fixed and determined by the Inclosure Award or Order of Exchange or Partition (as the Case may require).

X. Every such Rentcharge shall be a valid and indefeasible Charge upon the Land charged therewith by the confirmed Inclosure Award or the confirmed Order of Exchange or Partition (as the Case may be), subject only to Tithe Rentcharges, Land Tax, local Rates and Taxes, Quit or Chief Rents incidental to Tenure, and Charges created or to be created under any Act authorizing Advances of public or private Money for Drainage or the Improvement of Lands, and prior to all other Charges whatsoever, and shall be recoverable in the same Manner as a Tithe Rentcharge charged under the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-one," for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales"

XI. Every Rentcharge created under this Act shall be and enure to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and be subject to the same Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Land or Hereditaments in respect of the Deficiency in Value whereof such Rentcharge is made payable will stand and be limited and subject to after the Confirmation of the Inclosure Award or the Order of Exchange or Partition (as the Case may be).

XII. And whereas it is expedient to provide summary Means of preventing Nuisances in Town Greens and Village Greens, and on Land allotted and awarded upon any Inclosure under the said Acts as a Place for Exercise and Recreation: If any Person wilfully cause any Injury or Damage to any Fence of any such Town or Village Green or Land, or wilfully and without lawful Authority lead or drive any Cattle or Animal thereon, or wilfully lay any Manure, Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing thereon, or do any other Act whatsoever to the Injury of such Town or Village Green or Land, or to the Interruption of the Use or Enjoyment thereof as a Place for Exercise and Recreation, such Person shall for every such Offence, upon a summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices, upon the Information of any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Parish in which such Town or Village Green or Land is situate, or of the Person in whom the Soil of such Town or Village Green or Land may be vested, forfeit and pay, in any of the Cases aforesaid, and for each

and

Inclosure Acts Amendment.

and every such Offence, over and above the Damages occasioned thereby, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for any such Churchwarden or Overseer or other Person as aforesaid to sell and dispose of any such Manure, Soil, Ashes, and Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing as aforesaid; and the Proceeds arising from the Sale thereof, and every such Penalty as aforesaid, shall, as regards any such Town or Village Green not awarded under the said Acts or any of them to be used as a Place for Exercise and Recreation, be applied in aid of the Rates for the Repair of the public Highways in the Parish, and shall, as regards the Land so awarded, be applied by the Persons or Person in whom the Soil thereof may be vested in the due Maintenance of such Land as a Place for Exercise and Recreation; and if any Manure, Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish be not of sufficient Value to defray the Expense of removing the same, the Person who laid or deposited such Manure, Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish shall repay to such Churchwarden or Overseer or other Person as aforesaid the Money necessarily expended in the Removal thereof; and every such Penalty as aforesaid shall be recovered in manner provided by the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and.

Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three; and the Amount of Damage occasioned by any such Offence as aforesaid shall, in case of Dispute, be determined by the Justices by whom the Offender is convicted; and the Payment of the Amount of such Damage, and the Repayments of the Money necessarily expended in the Removal of any Manure, Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish, shall be enforced in like Manner as any such Penalty.

XIII. Where Instructions shall have been or shall hereafter be Power ta

given under the Thirty-fourth Section of the Act of the Eighth and Commis- " sioners to

Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Chapter One hundred and review In-

eighteen, for the Appropriation of any Allotment for the Site of a structions School, and such Instructions shall not set forth with' sufficient Section"

Clearness for what Class of Children the School shall be provided, of8 & 9 Vict.

jl c 118 fts to

or to whom the Site shall be conveyed or in what Manner and by Appropria-whom the School shall be managed, visited, and inspected, the tion of Allot-Inclosure Commissioners shall, upon the Requisition of any Five j^tesof* Persons if there be so many, or if not, a Majority of the Persons Schools, &c. interested in the Land to be inclosed, call a further Meeting in order to resolve upon other or further Instructions; and if at such Meeting any other or further Instructions be agreed upon, the same, if sanctioned by the Commissioners, shall thenceforth be added to or substituted for, as the Case may require, all former Instructions relative to such School, and the Commissioners shall appoint (whenever needful) some Person to convey the Allotment for a School in pursuance of the Instructions last approved.

X x XIV. This Act deemed Part of "The Acts for the Inclosure, &c. of Land."

Inclosure Acts Amendment.

XIV. This Act shall be taken to be a Part of the said Acts, and shall be construed therewith, and be deemed to be included under any Reference to " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better Supply of Water for the Use of Vessels resorting to the Harbour of Refuge at Portland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to supply such Water; for vesting in the said Commissioners certain Lands belonging to Her Majesty; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (herein-after called " the Commissioners") have executed various Works at or near the East End of the Isle of Portland in the .County of Dorset in and towards the Construction of a Breakwater and Harbour of Refuge there, and Vessels belonging to Her Majesty and others already resort to such Harbour: And whereas it is expedient that a better Supply of Water should be provided for the Use of such Vessels, and of certain Establishments, Works, and Places near to or connected with the said Harbour, and for that Purpose that the Commissioners should be empowered to purchase, and take and hold, construct and maintain, the Lands, Waterworks, Waters, Springs and Streams of Water, Pumps, Engines, Works, V y Buildings,

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Acts.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 32.

Portland Harbour.

Buildings, pumping Apparatus, Reservoirs, Pipes, Cisterns, and Tanks herein-after mentioned: And whereas it is expedient and Her Majesty is graciously pleased to consent that certain Lands belonging to Her Majesty in the said Isle of Portland, and containing about Five hundred and ninety Acres, should be vested in the Commissioners upon the Trusts and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned: And whereas a Plan of such Lands hath been prepared in Duplicate, and on such Plan the same Lands are described by the Colour Red, and such Plan having been signed by the Secretary of the Admiralty and the Honourable Charles Alexander, a Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, One Part thereof hath been -deposited at the Admiralty, and the other Part thereof hath been deposited at the Office of the Land Revenue Records and Inrolments: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say:

I. In citing this Act for any Purpose whatever it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Portland Harbour Waterworks Act, 1857"

II. The " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," save and except the Sections Fifteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, One hundred and twenty-seven, One hundred and twenty-eight, One hundred and twenty-nine, One hundred and thirty, One hundred and thirty-one, One hundred and thirty-two, One hundred and thirty-three, One hundred and thirty-four, One hundred and forty, One hundred and forty-eight, One hundred and fifty, and One hundred and fifty-one of the said Act, and the " The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847," save and except the Sections thereof with respect to the Construction of Works for the Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Waterworks, and the Sections thereof with respect to Mines, and the Sections thereof with respect to the breaking up of Streets for the Purpose of laying Pipes, and the Sections thereof with respect to the Supply of Water to be furnished by the Undertakers, and the Sections thereof with respect to the Communication Pipes to be laid by the Undertakers, and the Sections thereof with respect to the Communication Pipes to be laid by the Inhabitants, and the Sections thereof with respect to the Payment and Recovery of the Water Rates (saving as Part of this Act Section Seventy-four), and the Sections thereof with respect to the Amount of Profit to be received by the Undertakers when the Waterworks are carried on for their Benefit, and save and except Sections Eleven, Fifteen, Eighty-six, Ninety, Ninety-one, Ninety-two, and Ninety-three, shall, so far as

the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 32.

179

Portland Harbour.

the same may be applicable to and are not inconsistent with or modified by this Act, be incorporated with and for all Intents and Purposes whatever form Part of this Act.

III. In the Construction of this Act and of the Acts herewith incorporated, so far as the spme respectively relate to the Purposes of this Act, unless there be something in the Context repugnant to such Construction;" the Portland Harbour" shall mean the Harbour and Works constructed and to be constructed under the Provisions of an Act, Chapter Twenty-four, of the Acts passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty;" the Lord High Admiral" shall mean the Lord High Admiral for the Time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;" the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral when the Office of Lord High Admiral shall be executed by Commissioners, and at all other Times " the Lord High Admiral for the Time being" Special Act in the several Acts herewith incorporated shall mean this Act;" Lands shall include Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments of every Description and of every Tenure; and all public and private Rights, Liberties, Appurtenances, Easements, and Privileges of every Description in, over, upon, under, or through any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments; the Words " the Promoters of the Undertaking," in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Word " Company," in the same Act, shall respectively mean " the Commissioners " the Undertakers," in the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, shall mean " the Commissioners;" " the Undertaking," in the same Act, shall mean the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same relate to the obtaining and supplying of Water; and "Water Rate," in Section Seventy-four of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, shall mean the Money agreed to be paid to the Commissioners by any Person for a Supply of Water.

IV. And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Site, Line, and Levels of the proposed Waterworks, and also a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners or reputed Owniers, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of certain existing Waterworks, Buildings, Engines, Pumps and pumping Apparatus, Reservoirs, Pipes, Cisterns, and Tanks, and also of certain Lands, Water, Springs, and Streams, in or through or by means of which the proposed Waterworks are intended to be made or to pass, or which are required for the Purpose of the said proposed Waterworks, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dorset: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, subject to the Provisions in this and the said incorporated Acts contained, to

take

Interpretation of Words and Phrases.

Power to construct Works.

Power to deviate.

Power to supply Water on Terms agreed upon.

Instead of Bond required by 8 Vict. c. 18., Commissioners may give Undertaking.

Portland Harbour.

take and use the said existing Waterworks, Buildings, Engines, Pumps and pumping Apparatus, Reservoirs, Pipes, Cisterns, and Tanks, and also the said Lands, and Water, and Springs and Streams, and to lay down and make and from Time to Time maintain the said proposed Waterworks, with all necessary Reservoirs and other Works, in the Line, and in, through, and upon the Lands, Roads, Highways, Bridges, and Railways respectively delineated upon the said Plans and described in the said Book of Reference, and according to the Levels described on the said Sections, and to enter upon, take, and use, for the Purpose of laying down and maintaining, and to lay down and maintain, from Time to Time, a Main or other Pipe, and Mains or other Pipes, and other Apparatus, necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon, along, across, or under such of the Roads, Highways, Bridges, and Railways delineated on the said Plans and such of the Lands situate on either Side of any such Roads, Highways, Bridges, and Railways respectively, and comprised within the Limits of Deviation herein-after mentioned, as shall be required for the Purposes of the Undertaking, and to acquire and take any Easement, Liberty, Privilege, Power, or Authority in or over any of the same Lands, Roads, Highways, Bridges, and Railways respectively, and the Right of laying down and maintaining a Main or other Pipe, and Mains or other Pipes, upon, across, or under any Lands in the said Plans and Book of Reference mentioned, or upon, across, or under any such Roads, Highways, Bridges, and Railways, or Lands lying on either Side thereof, as the Commissioners may think fit.

V. In executing the said Works the Commissioners may deviate from the said deposited Plans to the Extent' of the Limits of Deviation shown on the same Plans.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to supply Water for the Purposes of the Vessels frequenting the said Harbour, and for any such other Purpose as they shall think fit, either gratuitously or for such Price or Sum, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon between the Commissioners and the Persons having such Supply of Water.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, instead of the Bond mentioned in Sections Eighty-five and Eighty-seven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to give to the Party who would otherwise be entitled to such Bond a written Undertaking under their Hands to do and perform all and singular the Matters and Things mentioned in the Condition of such Bond to be done and performed, and such Undertaking shall have the same Validity and Effect as the Bond mentioned in the same Sections would have had.

VIII. The

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 32. 181

Portland Harbour.

VIII. The Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the Com- Powers to missioners relative to the Lands mentioned and comprised in the said Plans and Book of Reference shall, so far as the Commissioners may already at any Time or Times deem expedient for effecting any of the Objects made-of this Act, be applicable as well to any of such Lands already purchased or taken or agreed to be purchased or taken as to such as shall hereafter be purchased or taken under the Provisions of this Act.

IX. All Notices which under this Act are to be given by the Com- Notices by missioners may be given under the Hand of the Secretary of the Bioners> Admiralty.

X. All Notices and other Proceedings which under this Act are Notices to to be given to or served on the Commissioners shall be served on the Commls *

sioners.

Secretary of the Admiralty by being left at or transmitted through the Post to the Admiralty at Whitehall.

XI. The Lands in and adjacent to the Isle of Portland coloured d"a'ated Red on the Plan signed and deposited at the Admiralty, and at the on the Plan, Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and containing Five a"d thereon hundred and ninety Acres or thereabouts, shall immediately on the Red, to vest passing of this Act become and be vested in the Commissioners mCommis-according to the Natures and Qualities thereof respectively, and to 810ners' the Estates and Interests of Her Majesty therein respectively, and without its being necessary to have or take any Conveyance thereof.

XII. The Commissioners shall hold all Lands vested or pur- Commission-chased or taken, in or by them, under the Authority of this Act, in

trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of trust for the Portland Harbour and other the Purposes of this Act. Per Ma *

jesty, &c.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time Commis-to sell, exchange, or in any Manner dispose of, or to demise or let, all

or any of the Lands from Time to Time purchased or taken under the Authority of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to grant, convey, assign, or demise the same or any Part thereof accordingly, and for that Purpose to make and execute all such Conveyances and Assurances as they may deem necessary, and to do any other Act, Matter, or Thing in relation to such Lands as the Commissioners shall deem necessary: Provided always, that no Part of the Lands coloured Red on the said Plan shall be sold or leased for any Term exceeding Five Years by the Commissioners, until after One Calendar Month's Notice in Writing under the Hand of their Secretary shall have been given to the Commissioners of Z z Woods,

Lands obtained in Exchange to ve6t in Commissioners.

Monies received on Sale to be paid to Paymaster General.

Lands to vest free from prior Estates.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 32.

Portland Harbour.

Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Intention of the Commissioners to sell or demise the same; and that in case any such Notice shall be given, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time to purchase the Lands described in any such Notice for such Sum of Money as, having regard to the Consideration received by Her Majesty for the Surrender of the Lands delineated on the said Plan mentioned in the Twelfth Section of this Act, in accordance with an Award of James White Higgins dated the Twenty-fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and entered in the Office of the Commissioners of Woods, shall represent the proportionate Part of the Consideration so received which, in the Opinion of some competent Surveyor to be appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may be applicable to the particular Lands described in any such Notice as aforesaid, if the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them, do, previously to the Expiration of such One Calendar Month's Notice, signify in Writing to the Commissioners that the Commissioners of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues intend to purchase such particular Lands.

XIV. All Lands acquired by the Commissioners on any such Exchange shall vest in the Commissioners upon the same Trusts and with the like Powers in all respects as are hereby declared as to Lands hereby vested and authorized to be purchased or acquired.

h

XV. The Monies to be produced by Sale or Exchange, or which may be paid by way of Premium for any Lease, of any Lands which shall be sold, let, exchanged, or conveyed under the Provisions of this Act, shall be paid by the Purchaser or Lessee thereof, or the Person making any such Exchange, to Her Majesty's Paymaster General for the Time being; and the Receipt of the said Paymaster General for any such Monies (such Receipt to be endorsed on every such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease as aforesaid,) shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Person by whom or on whose Account the same shall be paid.

XVI. Immediately from and after the Payment of any such Monies, and the Execution of any such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease as aforesaid, by the Commissioners, the Purchaser or Lessee therein named shall stand seised or possessed of the Lands which shall be so purchased by and conveyed or leased to him freed and absolutely discharged of and from all prior Estates, Rights, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, and Demands whatsoever which can or may

be

Portland Harbour.

be had, made, or set up in respect of such Lands by any Person whomsoever, by, from, under, or in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or on any Account whatsoever, save and except such Estates, Rights, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims, and Demands (if any) as in such Conveyance, Assurance, or Lease shall be excepted.

XVII. All the Powers, Authorities, and Duties hereby vested in or Powers to be imposed on the Commissioners may be exercised and performed by any Two of them at any Time when the Office of Lord High missioners or Admiral shall be executed by Commissioners, and at all other Times by the Lord High Admiral for the Time being. miral.

XVIII. Nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Estate, Saving all Right, Title, or Interest of the Queen's Majesty in or to the Soil of Portland Harbour, other than so much thereof as forms the Sites of jesty. the Breakwaters which are by this Act vested in the Commissioners,

or in or to any Lands of or to which Her Majesty is now seised or entitled, other than those coloured Red on the Plan so signed and deposited as aforesaid, and which are by this Act vested in the Commissioners; and nothing herein contained shall defeat, abridge, or injuriously affect, in any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, the legal Rights,

Privileges, or Prerogatives of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and in all such Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings commenced under or in pursuance of this Act, and in all Matters relating thereunto, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to claim, exercise, and enjoy all the same Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives which have been heretofore claimed, exercised, and enjoyed in any Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings whatsoever in any Court of Law or Equity by Her Majesty or Her Predecessors, in the same Manner as if the Subject Matter of the said Suits or other Proceedings were vested immediately in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and as if Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, were actually a Party to such Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings.

XIX. Nothing contained in this Act, and nothing done under or in Protection pursuance thereof, shall extend to charge the Commissioners or any gf0nerTper-of them with the Payment of any Penalty or Penalties, or to charge, sonally. affect, or make liable the Person or Persons of the Commissioners or

of any of them, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or then-own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, or Property, in, under, or by reason of any Actions, Suits, Arbitrations, or other Proceedings whatsoever, at Law or in Equity, or otherwise instituted, agreed, made, or taken under or in pursuance of this Act, nor shall

the

Portland Harbour,

the Commissioners or any of them be personally liable, nor shall the Property of the Commissioners or any of them be liable, to any legal Process or Execution in, under, or by reason of any such Actions, Suits, Arbitrations, or other Proceedings as aforesaid.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Ireland.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Mode by which 40 G- 3. (I.) the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament, certain Provisions were made for regulating the Proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Ireland, and it is expedient to amend the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. On any Seat of the Twenty-eight Lords Temporal being here- A* to Issue after vacated, the Writ to be issued, according to the Provisions of future on the said Act of the Parliament of Ireland, under the Great Seal of Occasion of the United Kingdom, to the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners x^porai of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall direct him or them to cause Writs Peer of Ire-to be issued by the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland to the Peers 3 A entitled

186 20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 33.

Representative Peers (Ireland).

entitled to receive the same according to the Provisions of the said Act, and also to every Peer in respect to whose Right to vote at the Election of Representative Peers the House of Lords shall have directed a Certificate to be sent to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, stating that the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom had reported to the House that the Right of such Peer to vote had been established to his Satisfaction, and that the House had ordered such Report to be sent to the said Clerk of the Crown in Ireland; and all the Provisions of the said Act applicable to Temporal Peers receiving Writs under the same, and to the Writs issued to such Peers, shall be held to apply to Temporal Peers receiving Writs, and to the Writs issued under this Act.

Aa to Re- II, Any Peer of Ireland who shall have taken and subscribed in tomato such House of Lords the Oaths which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and subscribed by the Lords of the United Kingdom before they can sit and vote in the Parliament thereof may make Return to a Writ issued under this or the said Act, in the same Manner as a Representative Peer on the Part of Ireland who has taken and subscribed the said Oaths in the House of Lords is permitted to do under the said Act, and any Peer of Ireland receiving such Writ may take and subscribe the said Oaths in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in England as well as in, or in Her Majesty's Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, or in any Division of the Court of Session in Scotland, or before any Lord Ordinary of the said Court, or before the Lieutenant of any County in Great Britain or, or any

Member of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland, or any Judge of a County Court in, or any Sheriff in Scotland, or any British Ambassador or Minister accredited to any Foreign Court, or the Secretary of any British Embassy or Mission, or the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of any of Her Majesty's Plantations, Colonies, or Possessions abroad, or any of Her Majesty's Judges residing therein, and the Registrar or other proper Officer of every such Court; and every Person above mentioned before whom the said Oaths shall be taken and subscribed shall certify the same, and sign such Certificate, which shall be transmitted by such Peer with the Return in the Manner prescribed in the said Act.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGIN JL.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to explain an Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Settle- 14 & 15 Vict. merit of the Boundaries of the Provinces of Canada and c' 68 '

New Brunswick, it is provided that New Brunswick shall be bounded as is mentioned in a certain Award made by Stephen Lushington, Judge of the Admiralty Court, and Travers Doctor of Laws, which Award, as recited in the said Act, declares (among other things) that New Brunswick shall be bounded from a meridional Line therein described along the Forty-eighth Parallel of Latitude " to the Mistouclie River, and thence down the Centre of " that Stream to the Restigouche, the Islands in the said River " Mistouche and Restigouche to the Mouth of the latter River at " Dalhousie being given to New Brunswick And whereas certain Doubts have arisen respecting the true Meaning of the said Award in the Parts above recited: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

3 B I. That

" River Mistouche " defined.

Canada and New Brunswick Boundaries.

I. That the River named in the said Award the " River Mistouche " shall be taken to be the Stream which crosses the Forty-eighth Parallel of Latitude, and from thence flows into the Restigouchey and which Stream is otherwise called the " Patapedia."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINJi.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Laws concerning Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, so far as relates to the City of London and the Liberties thereof.

[10th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, containing Provisions for the Appointment of Burial Boards in the several Parishes in the Metropolis, and conferring on such Burial Boards various Powers and Authorities to be exercised in some Cases by the Board alone, and in other Cases by the Boards with the Approval of the Vestries of their respective Parishes: And whereas it was by the said Act enacted, that the Provisions therein contained for the Appointment of Burial Boards should not apply to any Parish within the Limits of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, but it should be lawful for the Maymr, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, if and when they should see fit so to do, to authorize and direct the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London to exercise for the said City and Liberties all the Powers and Authorities vested in the Burial Boards under the said Act; and thereupon such Commissioners should have and exercise for and on behalf of the said City and Liberties all such Powers and Authorities as were thereby vested in the Burial Board for any Parish, or which might be exercised by such Board with the Approval of the Vestry: And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London have been authorized by the 3 C

15 & 16 Vict. c. 85.

The Fees in Schedule to be the Fees payable to Incumbents.

Approval of a Majority of Vestries in

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 35.

Burial of the Dead within the City and Liberties of London.

said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to exercise the Powers and Authorities vested in the Burial Boards under the said Act, and have provided and constructed a large and spacious Cemetery in the Parish of Little in the County of Essex at an Expense of Seventy-five thousand Pounds: And whereas there are more than One hundred Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and it has been found impracticable to obtain the requisite Consents of all the Vestries of such Parishes to the uniform Exercise of such Powers or Authorities by the said Commissioners: And whereas under the Provisions contained in the Thirty-seventh Section of the said Act (by which Section Power is given to the Vestry of any Parish, with Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to revise and vary the Fees payable to the Incumbent under the Provisions of the said Act,) a Table of Fees to be paid to Incumbents upon Interments which shall take place in the consecrated Portion of the said Cemetery at Little Ilford has been agreed to by the major Part in number of the Vestries of the Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, which Table of Fees has been approved of by the Bishop of the Diocese and is contained in the Schedule to this Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Table of Fees so agreed to should be made to apply to the whole of the Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and that the said Act should be amended by making the Consent or Approval of the major Part in Number of the Vestries of the several Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof sufficient to enable the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London to exercise any Power or Authority conferred upon them by the said Act, which requires for the Exercise thereof the Approval or Consent of all the Vestries of such Parishes; and also that the said Act should be amended in manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Fees enumerated in the Schedule to this Act shall be the Fees which the Incumbents of the Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall be entitled to receive upon all Interments in the consecrated Portion of the said Cemetery at Little Ilford, whether of the Remains of Parishioners or Inhabitants of the said Parishes, or of any other Persons, and the same Fees shall be in satisfaction of all Claims on the Part of such Incumbents to Fees of every Description, whether in respect of Burial in Vaults or Graves, or of the Erection of Monuments, Gravestones, or Tablets, or of Monumental Inscriptions in the said Cemetery.

II. When and as often as the Consent or Approval of the Vestries of the several Parishes within the Limits of the City of London and the Liberties thereof is by the said recited Act required for the Purpose

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 35

Burial of the Dead within the City and Libeties of London.

pose of enabling the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London the City of to exercise any Power or Authority given to or vested in them by the 1)0

said Act, or to execute any Act, Deed, Matter, or Thing under the Authority of the said Act, or to confirm or render valid any Act, Deed,

Matter, or Thing made or done, or agreed or proposed to be made or done, by the said Commissioners, then and in every Case the Consent or Approval of the major Part in Number of the Vestries of the several Parishes within the said City and Liberties shall be sufficient to enable the said Commissioners to exercise any such Power or Authority, or to do or execute any such Act, Deed, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, and to confirm and render valid any Act, Deed, Matter, or Thing made or done, or agreed or proposed to be made or done, by them, and shall be as valid and effectual for all the Purposes of the said Act as if all the Vestries of the said Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof had actually consented to or approved thereof, or had confirmed the same: Provided, that the Parishes united under the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-second Year of Charles Second, Chapter Eleven, or united for Ecclesiastical Purposes by the Provisions of that, or any other Act or Acts, shall, for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act, be and be deemed One Parish.

III. The Provisions in the said recited Act contained with refer- Certain Sec-ence to Fees payable to Incumbents, Churchwardens, and others for "^e* parochial or other Purposes, and also with reference to the Powers repealed as given to Vestries of revising and varying, with the Consent of the to the City of Bishop, the Fees payable to Incumbents, Clerks, and Sextons, \ or of London> substituting fixed Payments in lieu thereof, which Provisions are comprised in the Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh, and Fiftieth Sections of the said Act, shall not apply

to Parishes situated within the City of London or the Liberties thereof.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Sewers of the City Commission-

of London, acting as Burial Board for the several Parishes within the

City and the Liberties thereof, with the Approval of the major Part Board with in Number of the Vestries of such Parishes, to settle and determine the Approval whether any and what Fees shall be payable to the Church- oftSe* wardens or to the Clerk or Sexton of any Parish within the City of Vestries, to London or the Liberties thereof, or to any Trustees or other Persons settle Fees for any parochial or other Purpose whatever, on any Interment, or for ^Trch-l° any Monument, Gravestone, Tablet, or Monumental Inscription in any wardens, &c. Burial Ground already provided or which may hereafter be provided by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Act, and such Fees (if any) as shall be so settled and determined shall be paid to the Commissioners, and shall be paid over by them to the Parties for the Time being entitled to receive the same.

V. All Fees payable under the Provisions of this Act to Incumbents Fees to be of Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall Paid bytbe be paid by the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, by er°mmi8810n* Quarterly Payments in each Year, to such Person or Persons as shall

by such Incumbents, or the major Part of them, be appointed from Time

Commissioners to settle Fees for Burial of Persons not residing in London.

Chaplains of Cemetery to conform to Regulations of Commissioners.

Interpretation of Terms.

Expenses of Act.

20° & 21 VICTORIA, Cap. 35.

Burial of the Dead within the City and Liberties of London.

Time to Time to receive the same, and such Fees shall be applied according to a Sche le to be agreed upon by such Incumbents, or the major Part of them, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese.

VI. - It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, subject and without'Prejudice to the Fees payable to Incumbents under the Provisions of this Act, and subject to the Approval required by the Seventh Section of the Act of Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty-eight, to settle a Scale of Fees for the Burial in the Cemetery at Little Ilford aforesaid of Persons not residing within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, and from Time to Time to revise and vary the same.

VII. The Chaplain or Chaplains who for the Time being shall have been or shall hereafter be appointed under the Thirty-ninth Section of the said recited Act, by the Incumbents of the Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, for the Performance of Burials in the consecrated Part of the said Cemetery, shall conform to all such Regulations of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London as shall not interfere with the Performance of the Funeral Service according to the Order of the United Church of England and Ireland.

VIII. In this Act and in the said recited Act, so far as the same applies to the City of London and the Liberties thereof, the Words " Parishioner" or " Inhabitant" shall mean a Person inhabiting a House or dying in One of the Parishes in the City of London or the Liberties thereof; and when such House shall be situated in more than One Parish, the Parish in which the greater Part of such House is situated shall be deemed to be the Parish of which the Person inhabiting the same is a Parishioner or Inhabitant.

IX. All the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act shall be defrayed out of the Consolidated Rate authorized to be made by the " City of London Sewers Act, 1848."

The SCHEDULE.

s. d.

For each Burial in a Catacomb in consecrated Ground - 0 15 0

For each Burial in a Vault in ditto - - 0 10 0

For each Burial in a Brick Grave in ditto - 0 7 6

For each Burial in a Private Grave in ditto -050

For each Burial in a Common Grave in ditto- - - 0 2 6

For each Burial of a Pauper in ditto -010

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to supply an Omission in a Schedule to the Act to amend the Acts relating to County Courts.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the

Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter i9 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. One hundred and eight, to amend the Acts relating to c' 108' County Courts, after reciting that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury had ordered that the Salaries of the Judges whose Names were mentioned in the Schedule marked (D.) annexed to the said Act should be fixed at the Amounts set opposite to their respective Names in such Schedule, it is provided, that the Judges mentioned in such Schedule should continue to receive the Salaries therein mentioned to be payable to them respectively so long as they should continue to be Judges of the County Courts: And whereas the Commissioners of Her Majesty Treasury had ordered that T.

Esq., Judge of the County Courts holden at, and

other Places, and J. St. John Yates, Esq., Judge of the County Courts holden at Congleton, Hyde, and other Places, should respectively receive a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and the said T. Falconer and J.St. John Yates are mentioned in the said Schedule (D.), but no Amounts or Sums are set opposite to their respective 3 D Names

Recited Acts to take effect as to Salaries of T. Falconer and J. St. John Yates, Esquires, when it came into operation.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 36.

County Court Judges (Falconer and Yates's Salaries).

Names in such Schedule: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Act shall be read and take effect as from the Time when it came into operation in the same Manner as if in the said Schedule (D.) the Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds had been mentioned to be payable to the said T., Esq., and the Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds had been mentioned to be payable to the said J. St. John, Esq .; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct and cause to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to the said Falconer nod J. St. John Yates respectively such Sums* as, with the Payments actually made to them respectively on account of their Salaries, will make up the Amount of such Salaries at the Rate aforesaid as from the Time when the said Act came into operation.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

* 4

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal the Twenty-seventh Section of the Superannuation Act, 1834.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service: And whereas it is inexpedient to enforce the Provisions of the said Act so far as relates to the Abatement to be made under the Twenty-seventh Section of the said recited Act from the Salaries of those Civil Servants of the Crown who have taken Office since the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty -nine: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Twenty-seventh Section of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

3 E

4 b 5 W. 4.

c. 24.

Sect 27. of recited Act repealed.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue the General Board of Health.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five," to make better Provision for the Adminis- 17 & 18 Vict. " tration of the Laws relating to the Public Health," it was provided, c'9o* that the General Board of Health should be continued only for One Year next after the Day of the passing of that Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act of the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five, the said Board stands 19 & 20 Vict. continued for One Year after the Day of the passing of that Act, c'85* and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Board should be further continued: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

L The said Board shall be continued until the First Day of Boari°£ September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight. ther

3 F II. If tinued.

No Salary to be payable to a President holding at the Time of his Appointment any Office of Profit.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 38.

General Board of Health Continuance.

II. If Her Majesty shall appoint to be President of the General Board of Health any Person who at the Time of such Appointment shall hold any Office of Profit under the Crown, the Person so appointed shall not receive any Salary in respect of such Office of President; and if at the Time of such Appointment he shall be a Member of the House of Commons he shall not by reason of such Appointment vacate his Seat in Parliament

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to regulate the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors of Colonial Courts in Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England, in certain Cases.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS in certain of Her Majesty's Colonies and Dependencies, including certain Parts of the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, the System of Jurisprudence is founded on or assimilated to that administered in England, and the Attornies and Solicitors* of the Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England are admitted as Attornies and Solicitors in the Courts of Law and Equity of such Colonies and Dependencies, on Production of their Certificates of Admission in the English Courts aforesaid; and it is considered just and expedient to afford Facilities to the Attornies and Solicitors of the Superior Courts in certain Colonies and Dependencies for obtaining Admission in Her Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in England: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as "The Colonial Attornies Relief Act."

3 G II. This

When Act to come into operation.

Attornies and Solicitors of Colonial Courts to be admitted to Courts of Law and Equity in England.

No Person to be deemed qualified unless he shall pass an Examination, and produce a Certificate from the Judge of the Court where he was admitted.

Judges of Courts of Common Law to appoint Examiners.

20° & 21°'VICTORIAE, Cap. 39.

Attornies and Solicitors (Courts).

II. This Act shall not take effect in any One or more of Her Majesty's Colonies or Dependencies until Her Majesty has, by Order in Council, to be made as herein-after mentioned, directed the same to come into operation in respect to such Colony or Dependency.

III. All Persons who, being Subjects of the British Crown, have been or shall hereafter be duly admitted and enrolled as Attornies and Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law and Equity in those of Her Majesty's Colonies or Dependencies where the System of Jurisprudence is founded on or assimilated to the Common Law and Principles of Equity as administered in England, and where ftdl Service under Articles of Clerkship to an Attorney-at-Law for the Space of Five Years at the least, and an Examination to test the Qualification of Candidates, are or may be required previous to such Admission, save only in the Case of Persons previously admitted as Attornies or Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law or Equity in England, such Colonies or Dependencies to be from Time to Time specified in and by Order in Council, as herein-after provided, shall and may be admitted and enrolled Attornies in all or any of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and other Courts in England, and Solicitors in the High Court of Chancery in England, subject as herein-after provided.

IV. No Person shall be deemed qualified to be admitted as Attorney or Solicitor, under the Provisions of this Act, unless he shall pass such Examination to test his Fitness and Capacity as herein-after provided, and shall produce at such Examination a Certificate from the presiding Judge of the Superior Court of Common Law in the Colony or Dependency where such Person shall have been duly admitted an Attorney and Solicitor, and stating the Amount of the Stamps which have been paid by such Person on his Articles of Clerkship and Admission to practise in such Colony, in the Form or to the Effect as contained in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and shall further make Affidavit (in such Manner as shall be provided by Order or Regulation to be made by the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law, and the Master of the Rolls respectively, as hereinafter provided,) that he is resident within the Jurisdiction of the said Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England, and that he has ceased, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months at the least, to practise as Attorney or Solicitor in any Colonial Court of Law.

V. It shall be lawful for the Judges of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any Three or more of them, as and when any Person shall, under the Provisions of this Act, seek to be admitted as an Attorney, and not as a Solicitor also, and for

211

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 39.

Attornies and Solicitors (C Courts).

for the Master of the Rolls, as and when any Person shall seek as aforesaid to be admitted as a Solicitor, and not as an Attorney also, and for the said Judges or any Three or more of them, and the Master of the Rolls, jointly, when any Person shall; seek as aforesaid to be admitted as an Attorney and Solicitor, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, at any Time before he and they shall admit or issue a Fiat for the Admission of any such Person as aforesaid, to examine and inquire by such Ways and Means as he or they shall think proper touching the Qualification and the Fitness or Capacity of such Person to act as an Attorney or Solicitor, or as an Attorney and Solicitor, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for him or them, from Time to Time as Application for Admission as aforesaid shall be made, to appoint such Persons as Examiners, and to make such Orders and Regulations for conducting such Examination, as he or they shall think proper; and if by any such Examination any of the Judges of the said Courts of Common Law shall be satisfied that such Person is duly qualified and fit and competent to be admitted to act as an Attorney, then, and not otherwise, any one of the said Judges shall and he is hereby authorized and required to administer or cause to be administered to such Person the Oaths by Law required to be administered to Attornies in, and after such Oaths taken to cause him to be admitted an Attorney of such Courts, which Admission shall be written on Parchment, and signed by such Judge, and shall be stamped with the Stamps after mentioned; and if by such Examination the Master of the Rolls shall be satisfied that such Person is duly qualified and fit and competent to be admitted to act as a Solicitor, then, and not otherwise, he is hereby authorized and required to administer or cause to be administered to such Person the Oaths by Law required to be taken, and to cause him to be admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery, and his Name to be enrolled as a Solicitor of such Court, which Admission shall be written on Parchment, and signed by the Master of the Rolls, and shall be stamped with the Stamps after mentioned.

VI. The Admission of any Person as an Attorney or Solicitor stamp under the Provisions of this Act shall be stamped with the Stamps by Duties on

Law required to be impressed on the Admission of Attornies or Solicitors in England (as the Case may be), and the Admission first obtained shall be impressed with such further Stamp as shall, together with the Amount of Stamps paid on Articles of Clerkship and Admission in the Colony (to be ascertained as herein-after provided), be equal in Amount to the Sum by Law payable on Articles of Clerkship in England.

VII. Her Majesty may from Time to Time, by Order in Council, Power to direct this Act to come into operation as to any One or more of Her Majesty's

in Council, to direct this Act to come into operation in any One or more Colony or Dependency.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 39.

Attornies and Solicitors [Colonial Courts').

Majesty's Colonies or Dependencies, and thereupon, but not otherwise, the Provisions of this Act shall apply to Persons duly admitted as Attornies and Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law and Equity in such Colonies or Dependencies; but no such Order in Council shall be made in respect of any Colony, except upon Application made by the Governor or Person exercising the Functions of Governor of such Colony or Dependency, and until it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies that the System of Jurisprudence as administered in such Colony or Dependency, and the Qualification for Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in the Superior Courts of Law and Equity in such Colony or Dependency, answer to and fulfil the Conditions specified in Section Three herein-before contained, and also that the Attornies or Solicitors of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity in England are admitted as Attornies and Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law and Equity of such Colony or .Dependency, on Production of their Certificates of Admission in the English Courts, without Service or Examination in the Colony or Dependency.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To all whom it may concern, I [Name and Style of ] do hereby certify, That [Terms of Certificate of Admission granted to the

Attorney in the Colony), and that the said [Attorney's Name) is now duly enrolled as an Attorney-at-Law and Solicitor in this Colony, and entitled to practise as such; and further, that no Charge or Accusation has been established or is pending against the said [] in such his Professional Character or otherwise affecting his fair Fame and Repute. And I find that the Sum of £ was paid on Articles of Clerkship when the said was articled, and the Sum of £ on the Certificate of Admission when he was admitted to practise as aforesaid.

[To be signed and attested in the Manner usual in other Certificates granted by the Judge.)

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland; and to constitute the Constabulary Force Officers of Customs

m

for certain Purposes.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and it is expedient to amend the same, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Sections Thirteen, Fourteen, and Seventeen of the said Act, and also Section Three of an Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and three, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

3 H II. All

17 & 18 Vict. c. 89.

Certain Sections of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 89. and 18 & 19 Vict. c. 103. repealed.

Illicit Distillation (Ireland).

As to Dis-of

eizures made under recited Act and this Act.

II. All Seizures to be made under the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty or of this Act by any Officer, Head or other Constable, shall (except in the Cases in this Clause herein-after provided for, and except also in Cases of Seizures made under the Customs Consolidation Act, 1853, herein-after referred to,) be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the Inspector General of Constabulary shall direct in that Behalf: Provided always, that all Seizures which may be made, under the Powers or Directions of the Sixth Section of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, of Spirits transitu or Process of Removal from Place to Place, where the same shall be sent or removed from or by any Licensed Distiller or Rectifier of or Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, shall be disposed of in such Manner as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct or authorize in that Behalf.

Penalties and III. All Penalties to be recovered by Officers of Constabulary by Proceeds of virtue of the Powers conferred or to be conferred on them under the Seizures to Authority of the said last-mentioned Act and of this Act, and also the "jj°m 10 ^>rocee(^s the Sale of any Seizure to be made by them under the said Powers, where such Seizure may, at the Discretion of the Inspector General of Constabulary, be sold, shall, after deducting and paying thereout all reasonable Expenses, be handed over to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or to such Person as they shall appoint, for the Use of Her Majesty, anything contained in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Officers for the Prevention of Illicit Distillation.

As to Pay and Ex- ' penses of Officers appointed under this Act.

IV. And for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of the several Acts for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

Governor or Governors of Ireland from Time to Time to appoint such and so many Officers as he or they shall consider necessary or proper in that Behalf, and also to revoke the Appointment of any such Officers; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall have, use, and exercise the same Powers and Duties-, and shall be entitled to and receive the same Pay and Allowances, and be under and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and liable to the same Deductions and Contributions with respect to Superannuation Allowances, Reward Fund, and otherwise, as Officers of the like Rank appointed under the several Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland: Provided always, that the Pay. and Expenses of all such Officers as may be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall be paid out of Monies provided by Parliament applicable to such Expenses; and provided also, that nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Distribution of the existing Constabulary

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 40. 213

Illicit Distillation (Ireland).

bulary Force in reference to their present Duties in the respective Counties.

Y. All Officers of the said Constabulary Force, appointed or to be appointed under any Act relating to the said Force, or under this Act, shall have, use, and exercise all the Powers and Authorities, and have and possess all the Privileges, granted to Officers of Excise in relation to any Offence committed or to be committed, or suspected to be committed, under or contrary to the Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-five, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, or in relation to any Offence mentioned in the One hundred and thirty-eighth Section of the iAct passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty, which said last-mentioned Section is hereby extended to Ireland, and shall have, use, and exercise all the Powers and Authorities, and have and possess all the Privileges, which ape or may be exercised, had, or possessed by any Officer of Customs under the " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," or any other Act nowin force or hereafter to be passed, in relation to the Customs, so far as relates to any Seizure, Detention, or Prosecution which may be made or had under any such Act or Acts, and shall be deemed and considered to be Officers of Customs for such Purposes; but such Officers of the Constabulary Force shall have, use, and exercise the Powers and Authorities conferred by this Act so long only as they shall be and continue Officers of such Constabulary Force.

Officers of Constabulary to bar# the same Power as Officers of Excise and Customs in relation to certain Offences.

VI. All Proceedings under the said Act of the First and Second Proceedings Years of William the Fourth, and the said One hundred and thirty-eighth Section of the Act of the Sixth Year of George the Fourth, cording to shall be conducted, and all Penalties and Costs under the same shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, as by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Vict. c. 93. Act, 1851, is directed and provided, anything in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas the carrying into effect by the said Constabulary Treasury

Force of the Provisions of the said Acts for the Suppression and Pre- 8" *

1A (Jompensa-

vention of illicit Distillation in Ireland may eventually render unneces- tion to Offl-

sary the Employment of the Force now known as the Revenue Police 5frs of th

/ i Revenue

in Ireland, and will in the meantime enable the Commissioners of Police de-

Inland Revenue to reduce the Numbers of the said last-mentioned P"yj^of Force, and it is proper to provide for the Compensation of Officers pioyment by and Men of the said Revenue Police who may lose their Employment by the Discontinuance or Reduction of the said last-mentioned Force: ^ct

Be

Interpretation of Terms,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Capi40.

Illicit Distillation [Ireland).

Be it enacted, 1 That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant and allow to any Officer or other Person who may be deprived of his Employment in the said Revenue Police, by reason of any such Discontinuance or Reduction of the said Force as aforesaid, such Compensation, either by way of Pension or Gratuity, as the said last-mentioned Commissioners may think proper and reasonable in that Behalf, to be paid out of Monies provided by Parliament for that Purpose: Provided always, that if any such Officer or other Person of the said Revenue Police shall be appointed under the Powers of this Act to the said Constabulary Force, his previous Service in the said Revenue Police shall, for the Purpose of Superannuation Allowance and otherwise, be counted as Service in the said Constabulary Force; provided that a Sum of Money equal to the Rate of Two and a Half per Cent, on the aggregate Amount of the Pay of an Officer of the Constabulary Force for the Period of such Service in the said Revenue Police shall be paid on his Behalf to the Constabulary Superannuation and Reward Fluids.

VIII. The Term " Officer" or " Officers" used in this Act with reference to the Constabulary Force in Ireland shall include Head or other Constable of the said Constabulary Force.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGIN J5.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to revive and continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten," to amend the Laws relating to Loan 3 & 4 Vict. " Societies," which Act was limited to continue until the Thirty-first c> 110,

Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, but has been continued by sundry Acts, and lastly by an Act of the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, until the End of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty should be revived and continued for a limited Time, and that Societies established under the said Act should be enabled to wind up their Affairs after the Expiration of such Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty 3 & 4 Vict. shall continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand ^yelfand" 3 I eight continued.

After Expiration of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 110. Provisions to remain in force as to existing Societies, save as to new Loans.

Repealed Provision of 5 & 6 W.4. c. 23. not to be revived.

Loan Societies.

eight hundred and fifty-eight, and this Act shall be deemed and taken to have effect from the Expiration of the Time limited for the Continuance of the said Act hereby continued by the said Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had actually passed before the Expiration of the Time so limited.

II. After the Termination of the Period limited by this Act for the Continuance of the said Act of the Thfrd apd Fourth Years of Her Majesty the Provisions of the said Act, and all Rules certified thereunder, shall, notwithstanding the Expiration of the said Act, remain and be in force as regards any Society theretofore established thereunder and then subsisting, and the Securities taken by such Society, until the Affairs of such Society shall be wound up, and the Assets thereof divided; save only that no new Loan shall be made by such Society under the Authority of the said Act after such Expiration.

III. The Expiration of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty shall not operate to revive any Part of the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-three, repealed by the first-mentioned Act j but so much of the said Act of King William the Fourth as was thereby repealed shall continue repealed notwithstanding such Expiration.

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

a

CAP XLII.

An Act to amend " The Burial Grounds [Scotland) Act, 1855." [17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-eight, intituled An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in Scotland: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Twenty-eighth Section of the said Act is hereby repealed.

II. The Commissioners for carrying into execution an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three," to authorize for a further " Period the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a " limited Amount, for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and " Employment of the Poor," and the several Acts therein recited, mentioned, or referred to, and the Act or Acts subsequently passed for amending, continuing, or extending the same, may from Time to Time make to the Parochial Board of any Parish for the Purposes of the said Burial Ground (Scotland) Act, 1855, any Loan under the 3 K Provisions

18 & 19 Vict.

c. 68.

Section 28. of recited Act repealed.

Commissioners of Public Works may make Loans to Parochial Boards for the Purposes of Burial Ground (Scotland) Acts.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 42.

Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act (1855) Amendment.

Provisions of the recited Act, or the several Acts therein recited or referred to, or subsequently passed for amending, continuing, or extending the same, upon Security of the Assessments authorized by the said Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to improve the Administration of the Law so far as respects summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made ' for obtaining the Opinion of a Superior Court on Questions of Law which arise in the Exercise of Summary Jurisdiction

by Justices of the Peace: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In the Interpretation and for the Purposes of this Act, the interpreta-following Words shall have the Meaning herein-after assigned to tl0llofrerms. them; that is to say,

" Superior Courts of Law " shall for England mean the Supreme Courts of Law at Westminster, and for Ireland the Supreme Courts at Law at Dublin:

"Court of Queen's Bench" shall mean for England the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster, and for Ireland the Court of Queen's Bench at Dublin.

Justices on Application of a Party aggrieved to state a Case for the Opinion of Superior Court.

Security and Notice to be given by the Appellant.

Justices may refuse a Case where they think

Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

II. After the Hearing and Determination by a Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Information or Complaint which he or they have Power to determine in a summary Way, by any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, either Party to the Proceeding before the said Justice or Justices may, if dis-satisfied with the said Determination as being erroneous in point of Law, apply in Writing within Three Days after the same to the said Justice or Justices, to state and sign a Case setting forth the Facts and the Grounds of such Determination, for the Opinion thereon of One of the Superior Courts of Law to be named by the Party applying; and such Party, herein-after called " the Appellant," shall, within Three Days after receiving such Case, transmit the same to the .Court named in his Application, first giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal, with a Copy of the Case so stated and signed, to the other Party to the Proceeding in which the Determination was given herein-after called the Respondent.

III. The Appellant, at the Time of making such Application, and before a Case shall be stated and delivered to him by the Justice or Justices, shall in every Instance enter into a Recognizance, before such Justice or Justices, or any One or more of them, or any other Justice exercising the same Jurisdiction, with or without Surety or Sureties, and in such Sum as to the Justice or Justices shall seem meet, conditioned to prosecute without Delay such Appeal, and to submit to the Judgment of the Superior Court, and pay such Costs as may be awarded by the same; and the Appellant shall at the same Time, and before he shall be entitled to have the Case delivered to him, pay to the Clerk to the said Justice or Justices his Fees for and in respect of the Case and Recognizances, and any other Fees to which such Clerk shall be entitled, which Fees, except such as are already provided for by Law, shall be according to the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A), until the same shall be ascertained, appointed, and regulated in the fanner prescribed by the Statute Eleventh and Twelfth Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, Section Thirty; and the Appellant, if then in Custody, shall be liberated upon the Recognizance being further conditioned for his Appearance before the same Justice or Justices, or, if that is impracticable, before some other Justice or Justices exercising the same Jurisdiction who shall be then sitting, within Ten Days after the Judgment of the Superior Court shall have been given, to abide such Judgment, unless the Determination appealed against be reversed.

IV. If the Justice or Justices be of opinion that the Application is merely frivolous, but not otherwise, he or they may refuse to state a Case, and shall, on the Request of the Appellant, sign and

deliver

20° & 2L° VICTORIAE, Cap. 43. 227

Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

deliver to him a Certificate of such Refusal; provided, that the the Appli-

Justice or Justices shall not refuse to state a Case where Application °a.t10"

1 involous

for that Purpose is made to them by or under the Direction of Her Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, as the Case

may be.

V. Where the Justice or Justices shall refuse to state a Case as Where the aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Appellant to apply to the Court of Queen's Bench upon an Affidavit of the Facts for a Rule calling upon Court of such Justice or Justices, and also upon the Respondent, to show Quee"'3 Cause why such Qase should not be stated; and the said Court may by ftulay make the same absolute or discharge it, with or without Payment of order a Case Costs, as to the Court shall seem meet, and the Justice or Justices,

upon being served with such Rule Absolute, shall state a Case accordingly, upon the Appellant entering into such Recognizance as is herein-before provided.

VI. The Court to which a Case is transmitted under this Act shall Superior hear and determine the Question or Questions of Law arising thereon, ^rmlne and shall thereupon reverse, affirm, or amend the Determination in the Ques-respect of which the Case has been stated, or remit the Matter to Q°°.ontlie the Justice or Justices, with the Opinion of the Court thereon, or

may make such other Order in relation to the Matter, and may make such Orders as to Costs, as to the Court may seem fit; and all such its Decisions Orders shall be final and conclusive on all Parties: Provided always, to be final, that no Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall state and deliver a Case in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to any Costs in respect or by reason of such Appeal against his or their Determination.

VII. The Court for the Opinion of which a Case is stated shall Case may be have Power, if they think fit, to cause the Case to be sent back for fb° Amend-Amendment, and thereupon the same shall be amended accordingly, ment.

and Judgment shall be delivered after it shall have been amended. '

VIII. The Authority and Jurisdiction hereby vested in a Superior Powers of

Court for the Opinion of which a Case is stated under this Act shall Superior and may (subject to any Rules and Orders of such Court in relation be exercised thereto) be exercised by a Judge of such Court sitting in Chambers, bjr a Judge and as well in Vacation as in Term Time. at amber8 '

IX. After the Decision of the Superior Court in relation to any After the

Qase stated for their Opinion under this Act, the Justice or Justices of

in relation to whose Determination the Case has been stated, or any Court, Jus-other Justice or Justices of the Peace exercising the same Juris- ?ices "a

° . issue War-

diction, rants.

Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

diction, shall have the same Authority to enforce any Conviction or Order, which may have been affirmed, amended, or made by such Superior Court, as the Justice or Justices who originally decided the Case would have had to enforce his or their Determination if the same had not been appealed against; and no Action or Proceeding whatsoever shall be commenced or had against the Justice or Justices for enforcing such Conviction or Order, by reason of any Defect in the same respectively.

Certiorari not to be required for Proceedings under this Act.

X. No Writ of Certiorari or other Writ shall be required for the Removal of any Conviction, Order, or other Determination in relation to which a Case is stated under this Act, or otherwise, for obtaining the Judgment or Determination of the Superior Court on such Case under this Act.

Superior XI. The Superior Courts of Law may from Time to Time, and

Courts may 0ften as they shall see Occasion, make and alter Rules and Orders make Buies.

for Pro- to regulate the Practice and Proceedings m reference to the Cases ceedings. herein-before mentioned.

"Justices" to XII. The Words "Justice or Justices" in this Act shall include

Stipendiary a Magistrate of the Police Courts of the Metropolis and any Magistrate. Stipendiary Magistrate.

Recognizan- XIII. In all Cases where the Conditions, or any of them, in the He enforced sa*^ Recognizance mentioned, shall not have been complied with, the Justice or Justices who shall have taken the same, or any other Justice or Justices, shall certify upon the Back of the Recognizance in what respect the Conditions thereof have not been observed, and: transmit the same to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place within which such Recognizance shall have been taken, to be proceeded upon in like Manner as other Recognizances forfeited at Quarter Sessions may now by Law be enforced, and such Certificate shall be deemed sufficient; prima facie Evidence of the said Recognizance having been forfeited: Provided, that where any such Recognizances shall have been taken in England before a Magistrate of the Police Courts of the Metropolis, or by any Stipendiary Magistrate, all Sums of Money in which any Person or Persons shall be therein bound may, if the said Magistrate shall think fit, be levied, upon such Recognizance being forfeited, and on Nonpayment thereof, together with the Costs of the Proceedings to enforce such Payment, in the same Manner as a Police Magistrate of the Metropolis is now empowered to recover any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money, by Section Forty-five of an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 43.

Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis, 2 & 3 Vict. and that all and every the Provisions and Enactments contained c' *' in the said Section Forty-five shall extend to and be applicable to this Act, in as ample a Manner as if they had been herein re-enacted and made Part of the same.

XIV. Any Person who shall appeal under the Provisions of this Appellants Act against any Determination of a Justice or Justices of the Peace

from which he is by Law entitled to appeal to the Quarter Sessions allowed to shall be taken to have abandoned such last-mentioned Right of Appeal, finally and conclusively, and to all Intents and Purposes.

XV. This Act shall not extend to Scotland. Extent of

Act

3 M

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 43.

---- 1 -

Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices.

For drawing Case and Copy, where the Case does not s. d.

exceed Five Folios of Ninety Words each - - 10 0

Where the Case exceeds Five Folios, then for every additional Folio - -10

For the Recognizance to be taken in pursuance of the Act - 5 0

For every Enlargement or Renewal thereof - 2 6

For Certificate of Refusal of Case -20

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the Instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts of Scotland.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS Doubts are entertained as to the proper Instance to be employed in the Institution of Actions, Suits, and Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Scotland on the Behalf of Her Majesty and of Public Departments: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Action, Suit, or Proceeding to be instituted in Scotland Crown Suits, on the Behalf of or against Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, bought irf or in the Interest of the Crown, or on the Behalf of or against any Name of Public Department, may be lawtully raised in the Name and at the ^dwwate. Instance of or directed against Her Majesty's Advocate for the Time being as acting under this Act.

II. Provided always, That before instituting or defending any such with the Action, Suit, or Proceeding Her Majesty's Advocate shall have the fh^Depart-Authority of Her Majesty or of the Public Department respec- ment having 3 N tively the Interest.

234

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 44.

Persons prosecuted not entitled to object to the Instance.

Meaning of " Public Department."

Existing Actions, &c. not to be affected.

Laws, &c. repealed so as to give Effect to this Act.

Crown, §0. Suits (Scotland).

tively on whose Behalf or against whom such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be instituted, to the Institution or Defence thereof.

III. Provided also, That it shall not be competent to any private Party in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding instituted as aforesaid to challenge or impugn the Instance of or the Title to defend such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, or the Right or Title of Her Majesty's Advocate to raise and prosecute or to defend the same, upon any Allegation that such Authority (as aforesaid) has riot been granted, or that Evidence of such Authority is not produced.

IV. The Expression " Public Department " shall include the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the War Department, the Post Office, the Board of Inland Revenue, the Board of Customs, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests, the Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings, the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, and all the like Public Departments, Bodies, or Boards, and all and every Officer and Officers, Person and Persons acting on the Behalf or in the Interest of or entitled at the Date of the passing of this Act to sue on the Behalf or in the Interest of any such Public Department.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Instance or Defence of any Action, Suit, or Proceeding instituted or that may be instituted in conformity with the Law as existing at the Date of the passing of this Act; and no Action, Suit, or Proceeding raised or to be raised at the Instance of or against Her Majesty's Advocate for the Time being shall abate or be affected by any Change in the Person holding the Office of Her Majesty's Advocate.

VI. All Laws, Statutes, and Usages are hereby repealed, so far as necessary to give Effect to this Statute, but no further or otherwise.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to make further Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for public Purposes.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the

m/w Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-nine,

" " to make Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain

Denominations of Land in Ireland; and another Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventeen, to provide for the Revision of such Boundaries: And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for defining such Boundaries for the Purpose of the Revision of the Ordnance Survey, and for other public Purposes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. When the Boundary Surveyor for the Time being shall find that the Boundaries of any Land have been erroneously marked out, laid down, or described on the Ordnance Map of any County, he may make such Alteration therein as the Circumstances of the Case shall require; provided that the Application be made to him for such 3 O Alteration

6 G. 4. c. 99.

17 & 18 Vict c. 17.

The Boundary Surveyor may alter the Boundary of Lands erroneously marked out,

with the Consent of Owners.

Boundary Surveyor may define and mark out Boundaries of Land reclaimed Irom the Sea, &c.

Boundary Surveyor may define Boundaries of Baronies divided under

6 & 7 W.4.

c. 116.

Boundary

Surveyor

may define

Boundaries

of Parishes

divided

under

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 37.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 17. and this Act to be as One Act.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 45.

Boundaries of Land (Ireland).

Alteration by the Owner or Owners or reputed Owners of such Land on each Side of the Boundary in question, accompanied by a Plan showing in detail the original Boundaries so erroneously marked out, and those which it is proposed and agreed upon by the said Owners to substitute for them.

II. Such Boundaty Surveyor may define and mark out the Boundaries of any Land that has been reclaimed from the Sea, or a tidal River or Lake, and make of such Land a new Townland or Townlands, and such new Townland or Townlands shall be included in and form an integral Portion of the County, Barony, and Parish within which such Townland or Townlands are locally situate, or on which they abut or with which they have the greatest Length of common Boundary, as to such Boundary Surveyor shall seem fit: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner affect the Title of the Queen Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or Assigns, or of other the Owner or Owners thereof, to any Land which has been or may hereafter be so reclaimed as aforesaid.

III. Such Boundary Surveyor may define and mark out the Boundaries of any Barony or Half Barony which shall have been divided by the Grand Jury of any County under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen.

IV. Such Boundary Surveyor may define and mark out the Boundaries of any Parish which shall have been divided under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-seven, and of any adjoining Parish to which any Lands separated from such first-mentioned Parish shall have been united.

V. The said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventeen, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act; and all such Alterations of Boundaries hereby authorized to be made shall be subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign with respect to Appeals to Quarter Sessions and the final Decision of the Lord Lieutenant.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act Mas passed in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 7 & 8 G. 4. Fourth, Chapter Seventy-five: And whereas another Act c* 75* was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, 9G.4. c. 88. Chapter Thirty-eight: And whereas another Act was passed in the Second and Third Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, 2 & 3 W. 4. Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven: And whereas another Act c* 127' was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said 3 & 4 W. 4. Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five: And whereas another Act was passed 95, in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His said Majesty, Chapter Eighty: 6 7 W. 4,

And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven: And c. 57. whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of 7 & 8 Vict. Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-nine: And whereas another c>

Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present 11 & 12 Vict Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two: And whereas another Act was passed *62' in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, 16 & 17 Vict Chapter One hundred and eleven: And whereas it is expedient to m *

242, 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

appoint additional Persons to put in execution the several Acts for granting an Aid to Her Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty Rates and Taxes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Appoint- I. The several and respective Persons herein-after named shall and additional may, and are hereby empowered and authorized (being duly qualified) Commission- to put in execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, ers' Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain herein-after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth; (that is to say,)

For the Town Bedford.

Richard Knowles Barnes, Talbot Barnard, Thomas Barnard M.P., Thomas Herbert Barker M.D., Charles Berrill, William Blower, Edward Moore Boultbee, Thomas Clark, Robert Couchman, Ezra Eagles junior, Samuel Newson Gissing, Charles Higgins, George Higgins, William Hill High Street, John Howard, James Howard, George Hurst, Thomas Jobson Jackson, William Wells Kilpin, Robert

Newland, Robert Palgrave, Joseph Allen Piggot, Henry Rawlins, Mark Sharman, William Thumall, John . Trapp, Thomas Simmons Trapp, Thomas Wesley Tumley, Henry Collings Wells, William Williams, James Tacy Wing, Samuel Wing.

For the Rest of the County of Bedford.

John Arnold Great Barford, John Anstee, Samuel Bailey

Soutldll, John Dollin Bassett Leighton, Francis Bassett

Leighton Buzzard, Henry Dyott Boulton Putnoe, Thomas Chapman junior Ampthill, John Cooper Dunstable, William Henry Denison Woburn Sands, Samuel Bedford Edwards Arlsey, John Everitt Luton, Morgan Hugh Foster Brick hill, Bedford, Blyth Foster Biggleswade, Thomas Gell Sharnbrook, Charles Livius Grimshawe Fenlake Bams,

Richard Gutteridge Dunstable, John Harris Springfield, Robert How Luton, John Jones Luton, William Wells Kilpin Mayor of Bedford, Charles Samuel Lindsell Holme, Edward Lucas Luton, Turner Arthur Macan Elstow, Thomas Mitchell John Morris Ampthill,

John Odell Bedford, Richard Orlebar Hinwick, Robert Shipton

Orlebar Husbome Crawley, Joseph Pain Richard Parker

Harlington,

Land, Tax Commissioners Names.

Harlington, Robert Palgrave Bedford, Henry Palmer Clifton, Salusbury Gillies Payne Blunham, Coventry Payne Wootton, Henry Platt Flit-wick, Joseph Procter Leighton Buzzard, John Purser Willington, .William W. Roth Luton, John Seabrook Maulden, Charles Hervey Smith junior Apsley Guise, Edward Thornton Cauldwell, Bedford, iThomas Sworder Luton Bury, James Waller Luton, John Waller senior Luton, Octavius Robert Wilkinson Eaton Socon, William Willis Luton, Francis Wythes Ravensden, Frederic Hogge junior Biggleswade, George Smith Potton, Richard Orlebar, John Orlebar, Robert Wigram Arkwright, Reverend Charles Gambier Clerk, Charles St. Quintin, Reverend Richard Garde Clerk, Richard William Magenis, Reverend George D.Newbolt Clerk, John Frederick Dawson, William Wade Gery, Reverend William Breighton Russell Clerk, Reverend Fielding Palmer Clerk.

For the County of Berks.

Richard Benyon Englefeld House, Daniel Higford Davall Burr Aldermaston Park, Sir Claudius Stephen Paul Hunter Bart. Mortimer, Anthony Morris Storer, Purley Park, John Sivewright, Pepper Park, Frederick Wilder Parley Hall, Henry Bame Clerk Faringdon, Charles Belcher Little Coxwell, George Cooper Butler Stanford, William Joseph Butler Woolstone, Robert Butler Woolstone, James Gordon' Crowdy Faringdon, Edward Percy Crowdy Faringdon, Henry Ramus Du Pre Clerk Shellingford, John Hookins Faringdon, John Hughes Clerk Longcot, William Jephson Clerk Hinton Wal-drist, John Harvey Lovell Faringdon, Henry Maskelyne the younger Faringdon, Henry Saint John Medley Faringdon, William Brooks Reynolds Faringdon, William Wheeler Wintle Buckland; Richard Deacon, Thomas Edward Field, John Gregson William

Godley, William Hazel Clerk, John Hedges Marshall, Robert Payne, Edward Reynolds, all of Wallingford, Berks.

For the County of Bucks.

Thomas Rawdon Ward of Upton Park, Robert Bateson Harvey of Langley Park, George Tupp of Horton, John Crake of Datchet, Thomas Arthur Moore of Upton Court, William Jennings of Upton,

Frederic William Berger of Court Garden, Great Marlow, Peter, Borgnis of Highfields, Great Marlow, Lawrence William Wethered of Great Marlow, Thomas Francis Fremantle of Swanbourne, Philips Cosby Lovett of Liscombe.

For the Isle of Ely.

William Stevens Old Market, Wisbech St. Peter.

For

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

For the Rest of the County of Cambridge.

Joseph Beldam Royston, Charles Beldam, Edward Beldam

Royston, Frederick Nash Fordham John Hampden Fordham

Melbourn, William Fuller Woodham John Mortlock Mel-

bourne James Lilley Bassingbourn, William Field Butler Henry Butler Royston, Edward King Fordham Oswald

Fordham Odsey, William Hurrell Henry Hurrell

Frederick Rowley Harston, Octavius Wedd Foulmire, Thomas Frederick Nash Foulmire, Christopher Roads Malton, Samuel Clear Shepreth, Thomas BowyerBelson Shepreth, John Phillips the younger Royston, John Nunn Royston, Reverend James Rushton of Long-stowe, Reverend Favill John Hopkins of Caxton, Reverend John Ralph Dobson of Elsworth, Reverend Thomas York of Little Evers-den, Reverend William Birch of Hardwick, Frederick Haycock of Bourn.

Reverend Stephen Lea Wilson of Prestbury near Macclesfield, Charles William Beck of Upton Priory near Macclesfield, Philip Holland of Swanscoe near Macclesfield, Thomas Wardle of the Higher Beech, Tytherington near Macclesfield, John Kay Famworth of Chorley, Monksheath, Congleton, John Jenkins of Fulshaw Hall near Wilmslow, John Lawton of Prestbury Hall near Macclesfield, Jasper Hulley of The One House, Rainow near Macclesfield, Thomas Itchenor

Watts of Upton near Macclesfield, Henry Davenport Dod of Sutton near Macclesfield.

Reverend Henry Noell Barton Clerk, Reverend Stanhope Rashleigh Clerk, Reverend John Carlyon Clerk, Thomas Tremain, Edward Drew Saint Wenn, Reverend Thomas Hopkins Britton Saint Newlyn Clerk, Reverend Charles Harvey Hosken Cubert Clerk, George Green Bullmore Saint Newlyn, Martin Tredinnick Hichens Saint Agnes, Reverend Alexander Allen Yawdry of Saint Agnes Clerk, John Kendall, William Michell, Thomas Julian, Robert Edyvean, Henry Mudge, William Vigors Botusfleming Clerk, Frederick Thomas Batchelor Calstock Clerk, Richard H. K. Buck Saint Dominick Clerk, Edward Collins Newton Saint Mellion, John Kempthome Callington, John Moone Callington, Henry Steele Bicton Saint Ive, Frank Parkyn of Lerrin, St. Veep, Reverend James Richard Whyte Launceils Vicarage, Reverend Thomas Stone Carnsew Flexbury Hall, Poughill, Cecil Bray Langford Hill, John Cole

Symons Can Orchard, Marhamchurch, John Josias Arthur Boase of Penzance, Richard Pearce of Penzance, Walter Borlase of Lariggan, Edward Bolitho of Trewidden, William Bolitho o/Tenzance; St. Aubyn,

For the County of Chester.

For the County of Cornwall.

John,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 4(5.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

John, of St. Michael's Mount; St. Aubyn, Molesworth St. Aubyn of Clowance; Astley, Richard, Clerk of Perranuthnoe; Basset, John Francis, of Tehidy Park; Butlin, William, Clerk of Camborne; Daney William Horton, of Redruth; Hockin, Frederick, Clerk of Phillack;

Haye, John, of Redruth; Rogers, Francis, of Camborne; Tonkin, Franklin, Clerk of St. Ives; Tonkin, John, Clerk of St .;

Henry Grylls of Redruth, John Coghlan Fitzgerald Edward

Hodge Eykyn Budock, Richard Sheppard Triscott Reverend

Rickard Clerk Constantine, James Baynard John Parsons Falmouth, Marshall Valentine Bull, William

Millett Boase M.D. Falmouth, John Barclay, Thomas Rose

Wynter Gluvias, Thomas Williams Reed My lor, Hugh Oliver Olivey Mylor, John Bennetts Mylor, Edward Coplestone Phillpotts of Lezant Clerk, Henry Thomas May of Southpetherwin Clerk, Samuel Childs Clarke of Launceston Clerk, Francis Du Boulay of Lawhitton Clerk, John Travers Lawrence of Launceston, John Ching of Launceston, William Day Hanson of Lezant, John Nicholson Vowler of Lawhitton.

For the County of Cumberland.

John Slater Carlisle, Robert Ferguson Morton, Carlisle, George Relph Castle View, Carlisle, Thomas Nanson English Street, lisle> Thomas Twenty man Railton, Carlisle, Thomas Clarke Carlisle, William Jackson Oak Bank, Carlisle, John Wright Stanwix, Carlisle.

For the County of Derby.

Frederick Swanwick of Whittington, Thomas Canington of Chesterfield, John Gregory Cottingham of Chesterfield, William Claughton of Chesterfield, William Clayton of Chesterfield, John Cutts of Ches-

terfield, Charles Stanhope Busby of Chesterfield, Joseph Shepton of Chesterfield, George Crampton of Chesterfield, Bernard Lucas of Chesterfield, Charles Binns of Clay Cross, Alfred Barnes of Brampton, Edmund Barnes of Brampton, Edward Ward Fox of Newbold, Mansfield Forster Mills of Brimington, William Fowler of Chesterfield,

Charles Robe Catstor Chapel-en-le-Frith, Henry Kirk -

Frith, Charles Rotherham Mosbro' Hall, Reverend Charles

Water Whiter Rector of Clown, Chesterfield, William Cameron Moore Bamford, William Harris junior Little Longstone; Henry McConnel Cressbrook, James Longsdon, Little Longstone, T. S. Ashton Whitfield near Glossop, Charles Clarke Matlock, Henry Stevens, Edmund W'il-mot Hopton, William Walker Lea, Phillip Hubbersty Winksworth,

George Moore of Appleby, John Wilks Daniel Rosliston, William Wootton Abney Meacham, Charles Robert Cohill Thomas

Matthew Gisborne Walton-on-Trent, Henry William Des Voeux Drakelow, Leonard Fosbrook Ravenstone, Henry Clay Foremark, 3 Q Reverend

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Reverend John Clay Stapenhill, William Eben Robertson Chilcote, Sir Mylles Cave Browne Cave Baronet Stretton-in-the-Fields, William Worthington Newton Solney, Reverend Stewart Adolphus Pears Repton

Robert Green King's Newton, Joseph Thomas Cantnell Melbourn, John Gay Newton -Alleyne of Ripley, John Bailey of Derby, Henry Boden of Derby, Walter Evans of Derby, Henry Evans of Darley Abbey, Robert Forman of Derby, Reverend Samuel' Hey of Sawley Clerk, Reverend William Leeke of Holbrook Clerk, Josiah Lewis of Derby, Reverend John Latham of Little Eaton Clerk, Meynell Miller Mundy of Shipley, Reverend Charles John Newdigate of Little Hallam Clerk, Reverend Edward Pool of Alvaston Clerk, Richard Stone of Derby, Reverend Mel vile H. Scott of Ochbrook Clerk, John James Simpson of Derby, Reverend Francis Augustus Weekes of Aston upon Trent Clerk, Edward S. Holden Aston, Francis Noel Mundy Markeaton, Godfrey Meynell Langley, James Sutton Shardlow, Charles Edmund Newton Mickleover, Thomas Osborne Bateman, Chaddesden, Henry Hunter Kilbourn, Henry Trueman Littleover, Rowland Smith Derby, Henry Francis Gisborne Derby, Reverend Roseingrave Macklin Derby, Reverend Erskine Clarke Derby, the Honourable Augustus Warren Vernon Sudbury, Derbyshire, William Fitzherbert Som Derbyshire, the Honourable and Reverend Thomas Cavendish Doveridge, Derbyshire, the Right Honourable Henry Manners Lord Waterpark Doveridge, Derbyshire, William Hollins of Pleasley Works near Mansfield, Joseph Paget of Stuffin Wood near Mansfield.

For the County of Devon.

Reverend George, Rogers Harding Gittisham, Captain John Williams Aldridge R.N. Axminster, Henry Knight Axminster, Henry Knight junior Axminster, James Alexander Knight Axminster, Thomas Mal-lock Axminster, Thomas Sellwood Axminster, John Tryon Still Axminster, Reverend Francis Tate Axminster, Daniel Francis Tempest Axminster, John Ames Axmouth, Samuel Newbery Membury, Reginald Talbot Uplyme, Reverend George Lowe Upottery, Reverend John Fielder Mackamess Honiton, John Clapcott Jerrard Honiton, John Hutchings Jerrard M.D. Honiton, Augustus Archer Hunt Ottery St. Mary Clerk, Charles William Whitby Ottery St. Mary, Joseph V. Newbery Ottery St. Mary, John Kennaway Ottery St. Mary, the Honourable Mark Rolle Briton, Wentworth William Builer Devon,

Richard Farrant Ottery St. Mary, Willoughby Shortland R.N. Cutland, Charleton, William Paige, Sherford Down, Sherford, Reverend Charles Osmond WoolsUm, Loddiswell, John Adams Trettiscombe, Stokenham, Thomas Harris Solicitor Kingsbridge, General William Fumeaux Stoke, Colonel St. Aubyn Molesworth Stoke, Frederic

Herbert Maberly Stoke, Colonel Edward Bond Compton Gifford,

Reverend

. 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Reverend Charles Collins, Trelawny Ham, Plymouth, Reverend Edward Trelawny Maker, Devonport, Edward Mills Mannamead, Plymouth,

William Wheaton Chord King's Tamerton, St. William

Vigor Stoke, William Goodall Stoke, Edward Collier Stoke, John Maze Totness, Honourable and Reverend Graham Colbome B.A. Dittisham, Thomas Creaser Kellock Totness, Francis Brooking Cuming Totness, Reverend Richard Champerriowne Dartington, Frederick

Thomas Michell C.B. Totness, Theodore Bryett Totness, John Alison Totness, Reverend William Dyer Anderson Milton Damerell, Reverend Samuel Nicholson Kingdon Bridgerule East, David Mill Herdnyck House, Holsworthy, 'Arscott Braund Church Frederick

Kingdon Holsworthy, Reverend George Harrison Sutcombe, Reverend George Thomas Kingdon Pyworthy, John Tamlyn of Gray's Inn and Barnstaple, Thomas Burnard Chanter Edward Dansey

Clerk Abbotsham, Robert Easton Yelland Bide ford, Robert George Luxton Brushford, Reverendidhn Luxton Clerk Bondleigh, John Skinner junior North Tawtou, John Wreford Nymett Rowland, Reverend Charles- Braasby Auber Clerk Clannaborough, Reverend Arthur Northcote Clerk Dowland, Reverend Robert Kestell Cornish Clerk Coldridge, Reverend Clotworthy Gillmore Clerk, Bow, John Bremridge Highbiekington, Henry Clarke Milton Abbott, Richard Darke Edgcumbe Milton Abbott, Reverend Charles Edward Radcly ffe South Sydenham, Edward Henry Kelly Tamerton, Reverend St. Vincent Love Hammick Milton Abbott, Reverend Edward Carlyon Tamerton, William Weekes Tamerton, Reverend Antony Buller, Marytavy, John Gubbins Newton Bridestowe,  Manning Bratton Clovelly, Reverend Henry Townend William Wevill Rowe

Milton Abbott, Charles Henry Daw Tavistock, Thomas Bumaford Harness Tavistock, Henry Terrell Tavistock, Jehu Martin Tavistock; Cornelius Tripe, Moses Williams Jeffrey, Richard John Laity, Isaiah Cann Radford, James Payne:, Richard Bennett Oram, all of Devonport.

For the County of Dorset.

Reverend James Fisher Rector of Holy Trinity, Dorchester, Edward Leigh Kindersley Syward Lodge, Dorchester, Thomas Russell junior Beaminster, Philip Hine Beaminster, Thomas Colfox William Colfox Bradpole, Henry Bridgman Bradpole, Israel Jones Broadwinsor, John Studley Broadwins Thomas Haydon Dremp-ton, Broadwinsor, William Purchase Roberts Burton Bradstock, Robert Charles Hildyard Cutherstone, Charles Bullen Charmouth, Joseph Tucker senior Chideock, Thomas Boys Ferris Clerk, Corscmnbe, William Pope junior Pipsford, Mapperton, George Gollop junior Strode:. House, Netherbury, Edward Chilcott Witherstone.

248 20 &21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

For the County of Durham.

Edward Agnew Barnard Castle, Robert Addison Darlington, John Colling Hurworth, Archibald Cochrane Langton, John Dixon Darlington, John Feetham Great Bur don, John Farmer Darlington, John Grey Gainford, Morley Headlam Whorlton, George Hodgson Bishop Auckland, Owen Longstaffe Barnard Castle, David Nesham Haughton-le-Skerne, Valentine Ripon Rogerly, William Waistell Robson Great Bur don, Reverend James Richards, John

Henry Stobart Witton-le- Wear, Henry Smith Stobart -

Wear, Reverend Henry Slater Wolsingham, Collingwood Wood Howlish Hall, Christopher Watkin Darlington.

For the West Riding of the County of York.

Alder, Thomas, Wakefield; Beaumont, Henry Frederick, Whitley Hall; Bayldon, George Wood, Hollinghurst; Bayldon, James, Crigglestone; Bentley, Henry, Oulton; Camidge, Reverend Charles Joseph, Vicar of Wakefield; Clarkson, Reverend Isaac, Vicar oj Sandal Magna; Clay, Charles, Walton; Ellis, Joshua, Bailey Carr; Forge, John, Woodthorpe; Fernandes, Joze Luis junior, Pleadwick; Holdsworth, Joseph H., Belle Vue, Sandal Magna; Kendell, Daniel Burton, Kettlethorpe; Nowell, James, Dewsbury; Naylor, William Brooke, Wakefield; Pilkington, Sir Lionel Milborne Swinnerton Baronet, Chevet Park; Simpson, Edward Thornhill, Walton Tweedale, John, Dewsbury; Tew, Thomas, Croflon Hall; Thompson, Frederick, Wakefield; Wilson, James, Wakefield; Henry Bean of Littlethorpe near Ripon in the County York, Reverend Joseph Charnock of Bishopton near Ripon in the County of York Clerk, William Standering Selby, George Whitehead Selby, Benjamin Hemsworth Monk Fryeton, Charles Mason Weddall Hirst Courtney, Joseph Dobson Selby; Alcock, William; Alcock, Henry Bury, William, Clerk; Blake Henry; Birtwhistle, William; Birtwhistle, Robert; Butterfield, John; Butterfield, William; Brigg, John Clough, John; Carr, Charles; Coates, John; Cartman, William, Clerk; Craven, John junior; Dewhurst, Thomas Henry; Eddy,

Stephen; Fawcett, John Turner Colman, Clerk; Garforth ----;

Horton, George William; Hall, Stephen Bailey; Heelis, John; Hitching, Nicholas; Kidd, Philip Chabert, Clerk; Mitchell, Thomas; Marriner, Lister; Marsden, William; Maud, Abraham; Marsden, Charles, Clerk; Morris, L. S. Clerk; Mason, Joseph, Grassington; Robinson, George; Ramsden, Sir John William, Baronet; Roundell, William; Robinson, John; Robinson, Edward; Sidgwick, Robert H .; Sidgwick, Christopher; Sugden, Henry; Stansfeld, John, Clerk; Slingsby John; Tempest, Sir Charles Robert, Baronet; Thompson, William, Clerk; Willett, Wright, Clerk; Christopher Brown of

Stainforth,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Stainforth, Settle, Thomas Richard Clapham of Austwick Hall, Settle, James Foster of Stainforth, Richard Hardacre of Hellifield, Robert Hargraves of Stockdale, Settle, Thomas Preston of Scosthrop, Thomas Edward Yorke of Halton Place, Charles Jackson, John Milward, Richard Ecroyd Clark, William Sheardonn, William Dunhill, Charles Dey Lockwood, William Withers Moore, Richard Hardy, Henry Whitaker, John Sykes Doctor of, all of

Doncaster; the Honourable and Reverend James Walter Lascelles Goldsbrough, Reverend Henry John Ingilby Ripley,

Reverend Henry Day Ingilby Ripley, William Ingilby Ripley Castle, Reverend James Fawcett, James Brown

Copgrove, Thomas Harrison junior Knaresbrough, Reverend Aaron Manby, Vicar of Nidd, Joseph Percy Radcliffe Rudding, Sir Charles Slingsby Baronet Scriven Park, John Yorke Bewerley Hall, David Cooper Leeds, William Kelsall Leeds, John Gilby Uppleby Leeds, Abraham Farrar Bramley, Richard Wilson Bramley, JameS Shaw Shadwell, William Schoolcroft Burton Shadwell, William Simpson Atkinson Barrowby, Henry Skelton Thorner, William Skelton Bramley Grange, Robert Hudson Roundhay, Charles Bousfield Roundhay, John Wilson Roundhay, Henry Granville Baker Hereford i, Christopher Jackson Otley, Charles James Walker John Walker Hartley Newall with Clifton, Thomas Emsley Burley, William Bolling llkley, Broadley Greenwood Morton, Walter Milligan the younger Bingley, Reverend James Cheadle Bingley, William Hornby Leeds.

For the North Riding of the County of York.

Thomas Hanley Barker Hovingham, Robert Hartley Bower Welham, William Carter Slingsby Clerk, Charles Pierrepont Cleaver Appleton-le- Street Clerk, William Garforth the younger of Wigan-thorpe, Charles Hall Terrington, Thomas William Rivis Newstead House, Norton, William Margaret Dalgleish M.D. Mash am, John Fisher the younger Masham, Reverend H. V. Russell Burnestone Vicarage, James Greenwood Melmerby, Reverend Lewis Stanhope Kenny Kirby Knowle, John Horsfall Mount Saint John near Feliskirk, John Smith Rob of Catton, Joseph Dresser Rob of Skipton, Robert Swann Askam Richard, Marmaduke Dayrell Marston, Henry James Ilamsden O Henry Tower Middlethorpe, the Honourable Robert Neville Lawley Hutton, James Backhouse Holgate, Reverend Edward Hawke Brooksbank Healaugh, Edward Brooksbank Healaugh, Reverend Isaac Spencer Acomb, Thomas Gregory Dringhouses; Bedingfield, Francis Philip, Thornton Lodge; Bowness, John Clark, Northallerton; Dighton, Christopher, Northallerton; Dodsworth, Matthew Smyth, North Otterington; Fenwick,

3 R James

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

James Thomas, North Kilvington; Hodgson, John, Northallerton; Haynes, Robert, Thimbleby LodgeHorsfall, William, Hornby Orange; Hubback, Robert Gamwell, Romanby; Middleton, William John, Clerk, Brompton; Storkey, Frederick Augustus, North Otterington; Wailes, George, Northallerton; Yeoman, William, Osmotherley.

For the East Riding of the County York.

Henry Barnard Foord Norton, Tatton Sykes Sledmere, Christopher Sykes Sledmere, John Henry Steere Harrison of Benningholme,

John Lee Smith of Sutton, Carlisle Spedding Parker of Ganstead, Reverend Charles J. Wall of Sproatley, Edward Gibson the younger of Drypool, John Taylor Dickinson Preston, Robert Charles Metcalf

of Patrington, Reverend Henry Maister of Skeffling; Cankrieh, Hugh Ker, Beverley; Cussons, Thomas, Beverley Duesbery, John Travis Thornton, Beverley; Denton, Thomas, Beverley; Hodgson, Richard, Beverley; Brander, Reverend Boulton, Beverley; Yate, Reverend Charles, Holme on Spaldingwood; Christie, James,

Langdale, William, Houghton; Windham, William Smijth, Waume; Bainton, William, Beverley Parks; Smith, Frederick, Arnold; Mayor, Reverend Joseph, Leckonfeld; Menzies, Robert the younger. Wood-hall; Clark, Eric William, Knedlington Wilkinson, Reverend William, Bubwith; Burton, Thomas, Turnham Hall; Guy, Reverend Thomas the younger, Howden; Ringrose, John, Cottingham Gmnge;

Whitaker, Charles, Melton; Hildyard, Reverend R. C., Rowley; Whitaker, George, Sculcoates; Paget, Reverend T. B., Welton.

For the City and County of the City of York.

Reverend William Vernon Harcourt, Reverend Charles Johnstone, Reverend John Baillie, Reverend Edward John Baines, Reverend Joseph Crosby, James Silbum Barber, Joshua Oldfield Lindal, George Hotham, Admiral William Hotham, John Leadbitter, Edward W. Riddell, Henry Robinson, Childers Henry Thompson, James Backhouse Holgate, Robert Swann Askam, Marmaduke

Dayrell Marston.

For the Town of Malden.

James Butler, Sampson Hanbury, Henry Thomas Eve.

For the Town of Colchester.

Thomas Catchpool, Stephen Brown, Samuel Simons Brown, John Stuck Barnes, Frederick Blomfield Philbrick, Samuel Adolphus Philbrickj John Mann, John Bawtree the younger.

For

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

For the Rest of the County of Essex.

Samuel Richard Green Francis of North Ockendon, John Bear-block Hornchurch, Peter Esdaile Bearblock William

Pemberton Barnes Havering, William Davis Cranbrook Great Spencer Charrington, James Bowles Reeves Henry Martin

Harvey Leyton, Thomas Mashiter the younger Romford, William Mashiter Romford, Charles Chandler Egerton Kendall Lodge, Epping, George Gossett Hill Durrington House, Sheering, Harlow, Josiah Marsh Wood Side Epping, Samuel Porter Matthews Harlow, Daniel Reid Epping, Frank Sims Hubbards Hall, Harlow, Henry Thornton Mulberry Green, Harlow, Washington Single Esquire, Thomas Harvey Bramston of Skreens, Arthur Jolliffe Tufnell of Langleys, William Brooks of Great Baddow, Reverend William Brice Ady of Little Baddow Clerk, Reverend Charles John Way of Boreham Clerk, Reverend Thomas Pym Bridges of Danbury Clerk, Reverend John Nottidge of East Hanningfield Clerk, Reverend John Jenkyn of Ingatestone Clerk, Reverend Clarke 'Jenkins of Great Leighs Clerk, Reverend John Green of Little Leighs Clerk, Reverend Samuel Wilks Wand of Rettendon Clerk, Reverend Thomas Hearn of Roxwell Clerk, Reverend Thomas Edison of Stock Clerk, Reverend Robert St. John Shirreff of Woodham Ferris Clerk, Thomas Tomkin Witham, Reverend Thomas Overton Black Notley Clerk, Reverend George Peter Bennet, White Notley Clerk, Reverend Frederick Spurrell Faulkbourne Clerk.

For the County of Gloucester.

Edward Miles of Westbury-upon-Trym, John William Miles Henbury, Edward Sawyer Henbury, Reverend James Hayworth Henbury, Reverend Joseph Henry Butterworth Stapleton, Reverend Robert William Hippisley of Stow-on-the-Wold, William Thomas Vavasour of Lower Slaughter, Richard Ashley Scott of Banksfee House, the Honourable and Reverend Henry Pitt Cholmondeley of Adlestrop, Reverend Thomas Lewis o/" Great Barrington, Reverend Henry Sylvester Richmond of Wick Rissington, Harman Grisewood Daylesford House, George William Blathwayt the younger Dirham Park, Charles Pye Blathwayt Dirham Park, Reverend Robert Seymour Nash Clerk Old Sodbury, Reverend Charles Edward Oakley Clerk Wickwar, John Trenfield Chipping Sodbury, Thomas Townsend, Aston Blank Clerk, Edward Reed Davis Aldsworth Clerk, Henry Brooks Forster Coin Rogers Clerk, Henry Miniken Vicarage, Northleach, Clerk, Sir James Campbell of Whitemead Park Baronet ', Thomas Allaway of Highbury House, Aaron Goold of Bilson, Thomas Nicholson of Lydney, Charles Asgill Legge Westbury-on-Severn, Alfred Goold of Newnham, Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead, Peter Playne, Thomas Stokes, Nathaniel Frederick Ellison, Edwin

Cook,

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Cook, Charles Playne, Joseph Wight, Edmund Kimber, Abraham Marsh Flint, John Wise, Oliver Bird, John Dutton Hunt Stroud, Sidney Biddell Stroud, William Henry Paine Stroud, Walter John Stanton' Stroud, William Henry Witley Stroud, George Edwards Stroud, John Edward Dorington the younger Lypiatt, Stroud, Sebastian Stewart Dickinson Painswi James Mander Frederick Roberts Painswick, Benjamin Franklin Painswick, Charles Ballinger Chalford.

For the Borough of Leominster.

James Bedford of Leominster, Thomas Bristow Stallard of the same Place.

For the Borough of Saint Albans.

Henry Parsons, Charles Augustin Thorne, John Lewis, Philip Inglis Page, Thomas Richardson, Alfred Edward Debenham, William Cotton, Francis Robert Silvester, Edward Langridge, Abraham Leney, Joseph Wood, Reverend Henry Hall Clerk, John Woollam, George Laing, Reverend Horatio Nelson Dudding Clerk, Thomas Casey.

For the Rest of the County of Hertford.

Samuel Veasey of Baldock, Joseph Simpson of Baldock, Reverend James Grantham Faithful of Clothall Reverend Thomas

Blackburne of Baldock Clerk, Lloyd Baxendale o/" Totteridge, James

Mackintosh of Totteridge, John Hey Puget of Totteridge, Robert Shedden Scrimgeour of Totteridge, James Williams Scarlett of Totteridge, Felix Pryor of Digswell, John Church of Hatfield, Alfred Pryor of Hatfield, Herbert Wodehouse of Woolmers, Edward Daniell of Little Berkhamstead, Edward Chuck Collins of Amwell End, John Smitheman of Port Hill Bengeo, Thomas Sworder of Hertford, Benjamin Young of Hertford, Charles Young of Hertford, Jasper Gripper of Hertford, John Jasper Gripper of Hertford, Henry Gilbertson of Hertford, Thomas Augustus Evitt of Wormley West End, Frederick Woodham Nash Bishop Stortford, William Bird Bishop Stortford, John Dobede Fairman Bishop Stortford, James Hillatt Summers Bishop Stortford, George Edward Sworder Bishop Stortford, William Parker Ware, Edward Heysham Green Ware, Henry Taylor Ware, Charles Cass Ware, Beale Blackwell Colvin Sawbridgeworth, Joseph Grout Puck George Moody Gilston, Thomas Green Thorley, Richard Vaughan Royston, Henry Fordham Royston, John Phillips junior Royston, Edward King Fordham Ashwell, Frederick Nash Fordham Royston, Edward Beldam,

Reverend John Henry Butt of Wyddiall Clerk, Reverend William Robert Brown of Cottered Clerk, Richard Nicholson Great Hadham,

Joseph Hickman of Hertingfordbury, William Heard of Saint

Margaret's,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Margaret's, Jonathan King Watford, John Dyson Watford, Thomas Edward Dyson Watford, Henry Cathin Watford, Frederick Dyson Watford, Charles ^William Moore Watford, George Fearnley Whittingstall Watford, Thomas Rock Shute Watford, Thomas Young Watford, "William Fellows Sedgwick Watford, Jonah Smith Wells Watford, Reverend Charles Leopold Roydes Aldenham, Thomas Clutterbuck Rickmansworth, Daniel Howard Rickmansworth, Thomas Fellows Rickmansworth, Thomas Day Branton Day William Longman, Rickmansworth, Francis Joseph Searancke Saint Michael, George Ashwell Saint Michael, John Horner Rumball Saint Peter, John Lewis Saint Peter, Henry Parsons Saint Peter, William Bennett Saint Peter, Edward Langridge Saint Albans, Francis Joseph Silvester Saint Albans.

For the County Huntingdon.

Gilbert John Ansley of Saint Ives, John Bury of Saint Ives, William Eaden Coote of Saint Ives, Charles Prentice Tebbutt of Bluntisham, Charles Ibbott Warner of Somersham, Potto Brown of Houghton, Miller, John Longland Ekins of Woodhurst, James Jones of Ramsey, Thomas Ekins the elder of Warboys, Thomas Long-land of Warboys, John Brown of Earith, Reverend Plumer Pott Rooper of Abbott's Ripton, Reverend Thomas Woodruff of Wistow, Thomas Smith Mawdesley of, Ramsey, Francis Madryl Cheere of Buckden, Frank Green of Buckden, Robert Beart of Godmanchester, William Vipan Theed of Hilton, Reverend William Thornhill of Offord Darcey, Henry Jordan Thornhill of Offord Darcey, Edward Towgood of Great Paxton, Alfred Towgood of Little Paxton, Francis Day of Saint Neots, George Dawson Rowley of Saint Neots, Charles Perceval Rowley of Saint Neots, Reverend Charles Lind-hurst Vaughan of Saint Neots, Henry Sholto Douglas of Hetningford Abbotts, Reverend Thomas W. Leventhorpe of Yelling, Reverend George Robert John Tryon Brington, near Old Weston, John Chapman Wornditch, near Kimbolton, Thomas George Bythorn, near

Thrapston, Reverend Henry Bristow Wilson Great Stoughton, Saint Neots, George William Rowley Saint Neots, William Wellington Waterlow Humbley Eynesbury, Saint Neots, Reverend Newton Young Tilbrook, Kimbolton.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

Frederick Bellingham, Thomas Sankey Cooper, Thomas Ash, George Rigden, Alfred Neame, John Aris, Charles James Fox senior, John Brent junior, John Gibbons, Nelson Collard, John Bushell.

For the Town o/Folkestone.

Robert William Boarer, John Gosling, Richard Marsh, Joseph

Gardner.

8 S For

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

, i

For the Town and Liberty of Sandwich.

Edward Charles Hales Wilkie Esquire, William Bette, John Douglass R.N., Thomas Whitehead, William Tomeon, Edmund Brown, Thomas Dorman, Charles Emmerson James Stock

Daniel.

For the Town and Port «/'New Romney,

The Mayor and Jurats for the Time being for the Town and Port of New Romney and the Liberties thereof; and John Russell, Thomas Cobb, Henry Bacheler Walker, Reverend Richard Smith, Odiame Coates, Benjamin Wood, John Thomas Roberts, John Humphery, John Mortley, William Hoskins, Thomas Tuearsley Tunbridge, Thomas Piddlesden.

For the Town o/Lydd.

The Bailiff and Jurats for the Time being for the Town of Lydd in the County of Kent; and David Denne, Stephen Burgess, Thomas Green, Thomas Finn, George Finn, James Rolfe.

For the Town and Port of Hythe and West Hythe within the Liberty of the said Town and Port.

James Watts J.P., Thomas Mount J.P., William James King J.P., Joseph Hunt Brooke, Joseph Wilson, Silvester Eastes, Thomas Ellison Gollinson, George Horn, Robert Bailey, Edward Andrews, John Benjamin Andrews, Reverend Richard Edward Formby, Thomas Gibbons, Henry Harley, Joseph Hortorr, William Rayner, John Ronalds.

For the Rest of the County of Kent.

John Benjamin Andrews Cannongate near John Taylor

Sceene, Robert Petman Morehall, John Kingsnorth junior,

Ingles, George Court Sellinge, Reverend Robert Fraser

Reverend Tatton Brockman Beachborough, Doctor Matthew Trueman Notting Hill, Doctor Gustavus Gidley Sandgate, James Foster Sandgate, Stephen Kelcey Stone House, Thomas Rigden endhill, Henry Rigden Eachendhill, Richard Hogben Robus Farm, Reverend Elwin Folkestone, George Home Hythe,

Henry Bannerman of Hunton, Frederick Campbell of Kingsdown, William Chippendale of Tunbridge, George Nethercoat Cooke of Debsling, Baldwin Francis Duppa of Hollingbourne, Edward Burton of Sandling, Sir Culling Eardle}7 Eardley Baronet of Belvidere, Francis Bennoch, William Carr of Little Park, Tunbridge, the Honourable

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

able James Byng, Humphrey Francis Mildmay of Shoreham, Sir John William Lubbock Baronet, Captain Oakes of Tenterden, Samuel Lucas Lancaster of Wateringbury, Sir Walter Stirling Baronet; Frederick D. Goldsmid, Francis H. Goldsmid, both of Towerhill, Tunbridge; Western Wood of North Cray Place, Thomas Montague Weller of Rolvenden, William Arthur Wilkinson of Beckenham, James Hulkes of Frindsbury, Charles William Swaisland of Crayford, William Joynson of St. Mary Cray; Robert Oakes, Griffith Taylor, William Squire Plane, James Munns, all of Gravesend; Thomas Lewino/"Eltham, Edmund Hardinge Bound's Park, John Savage of St. Leonard's, Mailing, Reverend William Acworth of Plumstead, Benjamin Smith of, Foy Cottage, Blackheath, Simon Southom of Blackheath Hill, Lewisham, William Goodman of Avenue Road, Lewisham, John Francis Martin of Lee near Blackheath, Alfred Rhodes Bristow of Greenwich, Edward Routh ©/"Hyde Yale, Greenwichj John Cowen of Woolwich Common, Richard Wheen of Blackheath, Thomas Norfolk of Deptford, James Carr of Charlton, Frank Clarke Hills ©/'Deptford, Thomas Willement, Davington, John Farrer Crookes, Sheldwich, John Henry Mares, Faversham, James Taddy Friend o/*Northdown House, Margate, George Geates Hunter Margate Surgeon, David Price Margate Surgeon, Alexander Brown Margate, Francis Carr Cobb George Henry Hoffman Margate Surgeon, James Standring, Thomas Gray of Saint Peter's, Thanet, Thomas Trew of St. Peter's, Thanet, Edward Maxwell Stephens of St. Peter's, Thanet, Edward Mockett, St. Peter's, Thanet, James Beattie of Elham, Reverend Walker

Wodehouse of Elham, Reverend Robert Charles Jenkins of Lyminge, .Henry Rigden of Lyminge, Reverend Charles George Torrington Barlow of Ruckinge, Major George Deedes of Saltwood, Robert Thompson of Saltwood.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Henry Hall of Clitheroe, Reverend Edward Boden, Clerk of Well Hall, Clitheroe, Henry White Warrington, Shaw Thewlis Warrington, John Tinsley Warrington, William Reynolds Warrington, William Ward Warrington, John Guest Warrington, William Nield Warrington, Edmund Robinson Warrington, William Openshaw Redvales, Bury, John Robinson Kay near Bury; Richard Bealey Bleacher Radcliffe, James Wrigley near Bury; William Gould Tilsley, Edgar Musgrove, Philip Forshaw, Richard Owen, Robert Morris Marsden, all of Ormskirk; Reverend Benjamin Swift, Edward Fleetwood Hesketh, Peter Wood M.D., Richard Whitlow, William Ball, all of Southport; John Abraham Tinne, John Lockett, Charles Maclver, Benjamin Heywood Jones, Francis Alexander Hamilton, John Torr, William Stewart, George Melly, George Ylo\t junior, Richard Mitchell Beckwith, Francis Anderson Clint, John Cropper, William Langton, Harmood Banner,

James

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

James Aspinal Tobin, Duncan McViccar, Adam Hodgson, Charles Challinor, Mark Wilks Collet, George Maxwell, Christopher Bushell, Edward Moon, Thomas Rigge, Robert Wilson Ronald, Matthew Gregson, Raymond William Houghton, Samuel Taylor Hobson, John Barnes Brancker, John Bibby, Thomas Bouch, Thomas Sellar, Richard Shell, John Johnson Stitt, Francis Maxwell, Samuel Robert Graves, George Booker, Richard Wheeler Preston, Isaac B. Cooke, William Potter, Thomas Berry Horsfall, William Brown, Francis Shand, Robert Cochrane Crosbie, John Bramley Moore, James Steins, William John Marrow, Robert Horsfall, Daniel Crosthwaite, John Myers, James Aikin, Robert McAndrew, Archibald C. Stewart, Thomas Brocklebank, William Rathbone junior, D. Femie, George Grant, Thomas Damley Anderson, Josias Booker, John Pilling Brierly Oakenrod Terrace, John Butterworth Beech House, Hector Chadwick Oakenrod, James Radcliffe Jesse

Rothwill South Parade, Eddleston Elliott Ridings, Charles Littlewood Shaw House, Samuel Brierley Wellington Terrace, James Atkinson Packer Street, Thomas Healey Howarth Cross, Richard Walker Marland, James Holt Yorkshire Street, James Butterworth

Green Gate, James Schofield Milnrow, Frederick Eamshaw Marshall Penwortham Hall, Charles Cardwell Ellerbeck near William

Bretliertou junior of HeskinHall, John- Stamp Burrell Park Field, Lancaster, Charles Lawson Whalley Richmond House, Lancaster, Henry Gregson Moorlands, Lancaster, Thomas Howitt Lancaster, Richard Hinde Lancaster, John Brockbank Lancaster, Thomas Lamb Hay Carr, Lancaster, Thomas Swainson Lancaster, Robert Jackson Greenfield, Lancaster, John Sharp The Hermitage, Halton, Edmund Sharpe Lancaster, William Welch Lancaster, Edward Bousfield Dawson Aldclijfe Hall, Lancaster, Edward Graham Paley The Greaves, Lancaster, William Evans Moss The Greaves, Lancaster, James Pearson Langshaw Lancaster, John Thwaites Troy, Blackburn, John Turner Hopwood Highfield, Blackburn, M.P., Doctor William Forest Limefield, Blackburn, James Fisher Armistead Cobwall, Blackburn, Richard Barton Dodgson Bearwood, Blackburn, Thomas Simpson Foxhill Bank, Oswaldtwisle, Henry Holden, Reed ley, Burnley, Major in the Army, John Dugdale, Ivy Bank, Habergham Eaves, Charles Whitaker Clerk Simonstone,

William Margerison Habergham Eaves, James Watts, Mayor of Manchester, Stephen Heelis, Mayor of Salford, William Joynson Manchester, Alfred Neild Mayfield, Manchester, George Peel Pollard Street, Manchester, Benjamin Withington Manchester, George Wood Salford, James Worrall Ordsall, Salford, Thomas Barge Broughton, William Henry Bradley Broughton, James Chadwick Broughton, Edmund Coston Broughton, John Dodgshon Broughton, Thomas Fuller Broughton, Henry Higgins Broughton, John Morley

Broughton,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Broughton, James Renshaw Broughton, Paul Ferdinand Willert Broughton, Edward Chippindall Milne John

Fildes Chorlton-upon-Medlock, Alan Royle Chorlton-upon-Medlock, John Allen Crumpsall, James Dorrington Samuel Taylor

Didsbury, William Bindloss Eccles, William M'Clure Eccles, Francis Spencer Eccles, John Thomas Price Moss Side, Thomas Agnew Pendleton, Elkanah Armitag e junior Pendleton, Benjamin Armitage Pendleton, Herbert Birley Pendleton, William Thomas Blacklock Pendleton, George Frederick Cooke Pendleton, Ellis Cunliffe Pendleton, James Dugdale Pendleton, William Harter Pendleton, Arthur Heywood Pendleton, Richard Marsden Pendleton, William Peel Pendleton, Nathaniel Shelmerdine Pendleton, John Walker Weaste Hall, Pendleton, William Wanklyn Pendleton, James Woods Weston Pendleton, Seddon Marsh Diggles Prestwick, William Pearson Prestwick, James Bellhouse Rusholme, William Romaine Callender junior, Rusholme, James Fallows Rusholme, John May son Rusholme, George Railton Rusholme, Thomas Goadsby Stretford, Charles Hilditch Rickards Stretford, Henry Bury Withington, Richard Hampson Withington.

For the County of Leicester.

Reverend Henry Freer Radford, Rector of Broughton Astley, William Brookes of Croft, Reverend Lewis Gregory of Oadby, John Bainbriggt, Story the younger Lockington Hall, Ambrose Charles Lisle Phillipps Gracedieu, Charles Alfred Dawson Long William Roby Burgin Alton Orange, Thomas Small Zouch, John Davys Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Alexander Haddon Old Parks, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Frederick Bernard Bosanquet Seals, Sir George Hewitt Baronet Seals, John Hamp Seals, James Beaumont Winstanley Braunston Hall, Thomas Henry Pares The Oaks, Kirby Muxloe, Samuel Kirkman Lindridge, Desford, Reverend Peckleton Power Peckleton, Richard Worthington Peckleton Manor House, Thomas Prior Desford, Lord Archibald St. Maur Burton Hall, Reverend Thomas Hassell Rearsby Rectory, Reverend Edward Walker Woodcock Thurmaston, Isaac Harrison Belgrave, Roger Dutton Miles Keyham, Reverend Henry Halford Adcock Humberston, Thomas Kendall Humberston, Thomas Farmer Cooke Belgrave and Leicester, John William Cheney Ewart Gaddesby Hall, Samuel Waters Oadby, William Burley Leicester.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of

Lincoln.

Edward Scales Dowsby, Thomas Lawrance junior Hacconby, Reverend Frederick Septimus Emly Kirkby Underwood, Reverend 3 T William

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

William Cooper Ripping ale, John Compton Lawrence,

Reverend Edmund Alderson Aslackby, Elmhirst, Moses, Ashby; Pierce, Francis llockcliffe, West Ashby; Milner, William Holme, Horncastle; Boulton, Barnard James, Horncastle; Sharp, William, Mareham Ufen; Dymoke, Henry Lionel, Kemp, Robert

Edwin, Thimbleby; Kennedy, Lewis Drummond, Low Tointon; Martin, Robert, Asterby; Martin, William, Scamblesby; Bankes, Langley Langton, Tatter shall; Bankes, Robert John, Tattershall Thorpe;

Brailsford, Samuel, Tumby; Browne, George Harwood, Ashby Puerorum; Jackson, John, FulletbCracroft, Robert Wentworth, Harrington; Dallas, Captain Thomas Yorke,

Dymoke, John, Tetford; Henry Bennett of Great Grimsby, Edmund Pawlett Deeping St. James, Reverend L. E. M. Barnwell Deeping St. Nicholas, Richard Septimus Wilkinson Corby Birkholme, Reverend John William Eagleton Theophilus Maurice

Stephen Johnson, Samuel Parke, Henry Bugg, William Hobson, Edward Palmer Maples, all of Spalding; Reverend West Wayet, Robert Ingram, Thomas Plowright the younger, all of Pinchbeck; Edward Blythe Vise, Henry Tinsley, Francis Higdon, all of Holbeach; George Prest, Spencer Skelton, Edward Dunkley Skelton, Adderley Howard, George Carter Bennett, all of Sutton Saint Mary; Robert King of Moulton, Reverend Edward Barnwell, James Thompson Calthrop, Adlard Millington, Everard Calthrop, all of Deeping Saint Nicholas; Reverend John Steel of Cowbit, Octavius Hynman Allenby of Lutton, Thomas Harrison the younger, of Gedney, Richard Gleed of Donington, Frederick Cooke of Boston, Samuel Henry Jebb of Boston, Joseph Wren of Boston, Nathaniel Clayton of the City of Lincoln, Anselm Odling of the same City, Charles Knowles Tomlinson of the same City, William Reeve Brook George Bridges Rlankney, Jacob Mason Silk Willoughby, John Pearson Osbournby, Robert Alan Scott Charles

Thoroton North Rauceby, George Percival Willoughby Moorland, Joshua Waltham Helpingham, John Parkinson Younge Wilsford, Humberston Skipwith Boothby John Reeve

the younger Leadenham, Reverend Offley Smith Leadenham, Reverend Zachariah Shrapnell Warren Ancaster, Henry Bennett of Great Grimsby.

For the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James's.

The Secretary to the Board of Green Cloth for the Time being; the First Clerk to the Board of Oreen Cloth for the Time being; the Paymaster of the Household for the Time being; the First Clerk of the

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

the Kitchens forthpTime being; the Gentleman of the Wine Cellars for the Time being.

For the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof and Offices executed in Westminster Hall.

Thomas Henry Elam, 83, Sac/cville Street, St. James, Henry Bid-good, 7, Vigo Street, St. James, Patrick Rouse, Still House, Hendon, Middlesex, Samuel Bbnsor, 483, Oxford'Street, St. Anne's Westminster, Clement George, 402, Dean Street, St. Anne's Westminster, Joseph Rogers, 33, Dean Street, St. Anne's Westminster, Henry Cooper, 5, Grafton Street, St. Anne's Westminster, John Caldwell, 20, Dean Street, St. Anne's Westminster, James Winter, 49, Carlisle Street, St. Anne's Westminster, and 404, Wardour Street, St. James, George Hulme Beaman, 8, Henrietta Street, Covent Garden, George Offley, 24, Henrietta Street, Covent Garden, Henry Russell^ 22, King Street, Covent Garden, William Brumfitt Storr, 26, King Street, Covent Garden, John Stephen' Storr, 26, King Street, Covent Garden, Septimus Holmes Godson Rutland Gate, Henry Arthur Hunt Parliament Street, James Bigg Parliament Street, James Chadwick Millbank, Jacob Cole Bridge Street, Charles Rogers Manchester Buildings, Edward Milns Bridge Street, Joseph Andrews High Street, Kensington, Joseph Hannah Bridge Street, Edgar Horne Parliament Street, Samuel Hughes Park Street, Thomas John White King Street, William Henry Smith younger, of No. 186, Strand, Robert Low o/*No. 330, Strand, Thomas Stillwell No. 22, Arundel Street, Strand, Robert Drake of Piccadilly, Thomas Mason Pretious of Piccadilly, Charles Humby of Pall Mall, Thomas Henry Elam of Sackville Street; Edward Huggins, George Huggins, John Huggins, all of Broad Street, Golden Square; James Bird, 5, New Inn, Strand, George F Franco, 8, Eaton Place, Henry Thomas Hope,

146, Piccadilly, Lord Robert Grosvenor, 407, Park Street, Grosvenor Square, Thomas Allan Adelphi Terrace, Joseph Burgess Long Acre, William Butterfield Adam Street, Adelphi, Robert Kanzou Bowley Charing Cross, George Batt Strand, George Countze Long Acre, James Dowie Pall Mall East, William Hooper Pall Mall East, Alfred Rixon Cockspur Street, Harold Turner Long Acre, William Henry Smith the younger, of No. 186, Strand, Esquire, Robert Low of No. 330, Strand, Esquire, Thomas Stilwell of No. 22, Arundel Street, Strand, Esquire.

For the Rest of the County of Middlesex.

George Clarke of Little Ealing, William Dollin Alexander, Charles Bratt, Thomas Beven, Richard Bradshaw, Charles Edward Kingstowe Butler, Edward Norris the elder, William Bradshaw, George Edward

Cook

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Cook Latymer Cottage, Hammersmith, William Landon New Road,

Hammersmith, Henry Famell Holland House, Isleioorth, Captain Robert Piper Shepherds Bush, Hammersmith, William Hewer Warwick Street, Regent Street, George Powell, 8, Beaufort Buildings, Strand, Charles Babbage Dorset Street, George Bishop junior Portland Place, George William Braess Abbey Road, Christopher Bulstrode Park Place, Robert Bruce Chichester Lower Seymour Street, Robert Liston Elliott Upper Baker Street, Reverend Charles Phipps Eyre Upper Wimpole Street, William Patrick Grey Abbey Place, William Henry Griffiths Lower Berkeley Street, Henry Guy Dorset Square, Colonel Henry Aitchison Hankey Hyde Park Place, Charles Hebard St. Johns Wood Road, Algernon Hicks Beaumont Street, Herbert Lloyd Marlborough Road, Henry Myers Milton Street, Charles Robinson Chandos Street, Charles F. Rothery Stratford Place, Robert Rouse Wigmore Street, Frederick Shephard Wellington Road, William Todd junior Wellington Road, John Godfrey Teed Portman Square, Charles Willson York Terrace, Reverend Edward Revel Eardley Wilmot Chandos Street, Henry Richard Woodhouse Montagu Place; Adcock, William, 8, Princes Street, Cavendish Square; Best, William, 19, Queen Anne Street; Bishop, George, junior, 39, Portland Place; Busby, Edwin, 474, Oxford Street; Biddle, Daniel, 84, Oxford Street; Blackwell, John,

9, Charles Street, Middlesex Hospital; Coles, John Gilham, 47, Wigmore Street; Carden, Sir Robert Walter, 04, Wimpole Street; Elmore, Richard John, M.D., 27, Harley Street; Godsell, James, 64, Oxford Street; Hughes, William, 24, Holland, Robert,

68, Portland Place; Low, Francis William, 67, Wimpole Street; MacLeren, Connell Alexander, 29, Harley Street; Marshall,

44, Vere Street; Palmer, William Henry, 46, Portland Place; Palmer, Charles James, 46, Portland Place; Richardson, John William, 67, Portland Place; Robinson, Peter, 403, Oxford Street; Soden, Jonathan, 37, Foley Place; Ward, Henry, 33, Wimpole Street; Warder, John, 62, Great Marylebone Street; Robinson, Thomas, 4, Mortimer Street; John Brightman Western Villas, Blomfield Road, Paddington, John Ponsford, 46, Cambridge Street, Hyde Park Square, Robert Furniss Torriano Avenue, Camden Road Villas, Camden Town, John North Fisher, 42, Torriano Avenue, Camden Road Villas, Edward Gregory, 404, Guilford Street, Russell Square, George Taylor John Street, Bedford Row, John Eustace Grubbe, 23, Queen Square, Bloomsbury, Robert Clarke Saint Albans Road, Highgate, Captain William Living, 7, Clifton Villas, Paddington, George Jesse Penny, 4, Berkeley Place, Connaught Square, Henry Cullingford, 55, Grove,

Bayswater, Daniel Henry George Wildbore, 2, Charlotte Street, Fitzroy Square, William P. B. Lund Hampstead, Rowland Hill Hampstead, Matthew Forster Hampstead, James E. Carlisle Hampstead,

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

stead, Sheffield Neave Hampstead, John Coverdale Hampstead, Robert .Lush Hampstead, Henry Grace, 6, Highbury Place, Islington, Thomas Wakefield junior, 11, Canonbury Place, Islington, William Thomas Reynolds, 2, Saint Marys Road, Islington, John Tuelly Wharf Road, City Road, John Grabham, M.D., Lonsdale Square, Islington, James Castle, 19, Grove Villas, Highbury Grove, Stephen John Hall Finchley, William Cooper Bernard Street, Russell Square, Barrister-at-Law, William John Payne Brunswick Square, Barrister-at-Law, Henry Horn Upper Bedford Place, Barrister-at-Law, John Hogg, M.D., Gower Street, Harry Oliver Gower Street, John Moore Little Earl Street, Thomas Henry Wyatt Great Russell Street, George Mair Upper Bedford Place, Thomas Bellamy Charlotte Street, Bedford Square, R. D. Cummings, 28, Notting Hill Square, William Pritchard, 29, Kensington Park Gardens, George B. C. Leverson, Lansdowne Terrace, Kensington Park, F. Gaskell, /, Markham Square, Chelsea, R. Rymmill, 21, Brompton Crescent, Brompton, Jeremiah Little Wilton Villas, Kensington, William Simpson Bradmore House, Hammersmith, J. P. Bull Hammersmith., T. M. Abbott Hanwell, P. H. Le Breton Milford House, Hampstead, Thomas De Year Kensington Crescent, John Nettlefold Hornsey, John Cunnington Brentford, Dr. Lord High Street, Hampstead, Paul Fearon Oak Hill Park, Hampstead, Charles Richardson Shepherds Bush, Hammersmith, John Wellspring High Road, Hammersmith, Francis Godrich West Brompton, Henry Soper Spital Square, Joseph Foot

Spital Square, Joseph James Foot Spital Square, Alexander Fraser Brewery, Brick Lane, Spitalfields, Edward Coleman Poplar, Robert Hanbury junior, M.P., Spitalfields, Arthur Ashpitel Clapton Square, Hackney, John Whichcord, T. Fernam, Lawrence Lawrence Stoke Newington, Henry Laing Haggerstone, J. Tharp White Lion Street, Spitalfields, Frederick J. Catling Enfield, George Scott Ravenscourt Park, Hammersmith, Albert Hill Bruce Castle, Tottenham, Arthur Hill Bruce Castle, Tottenham, Henry Aggs Bruce Grove, Tottenham, Edward Thompson High Road, Tottenham, George Gripper Bell Brewery, Tottenham, John Feltham Hill, Daniel Harlow

Winchmore Hill, John Wade Winchmore Hill, George Harker Woodbury Vale, Stoke Newington, Thomas Scambler Owden Tottenham, Tuff Enfield, Thomas Dakin Hornsey, William

Bird Hornsey, William Hartridge, /, Highbury Park South, Thomas Ashby Staines, Dr. Sims Staines, E. Booker Tottenham, Booker junior Tottenham, Henry Gardner, 80, St. John Street, Clerkenwell, Phillip Gardner, 30, St. John Street, Clerkenwell, John Brightman Westbourne Park, Charles Whiting Beaufort Street, Strand, Samuel Lewis Compton Terrace, Highbury, Benjamin Smith Highbwy, Thomas Lott Islington, William Webster Islington, Samuel Edward Norris Upper Clapton, Thomas L. Brown Hackney, William Cox,

3 U

M.P.,

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

M.P., Islington, Henry Spicer Highbury J. D. A. Samuda

Poplar, Dr. Bain Poplar, Robert Fisher Southampton Villa, Highgate Rise, George Edward James Perkins King, U6, Bunhill Row, Finsbury, Richard Phillips, /, Artillery Place, Finsbury Square, James Wash Gow Cross Street, Saint Sepulchre, John Jones, Vincent Place, City Road, RichardTaylor Jarvis, #, George Peckett,

H), Aberdeen Park, Highbury, William Harvey, 48, Lonsdale Square,

Islington, John Blount Price, 24, Milner Square, Islington, James Hackman Pearson, 28, Milner Square, Islington, Francis Marcus Beresford, 20, Regent Villas, Upper Avenue Road, Regents Park, Robert Eckett, Hall Plumer Canons, Edgware, Henry Wylde Edgware, Jacob Marillier Harrow-on-the-Hill Henry Young Siidbwy,

Harrow, Thomas Blackwell Harrow Weald, Edmund Cross Harrow Weald, Edward Layton Harrow Weald, John Kelk Bentley Priory, Harrow, Matthew Howitt Hendon, John Falshaw Pawson Hendon, Thomas Turner Page Street, Hendon, Daniel Wilshen Soames Pinner, Benjamin Weall Pinner, Arthur William Tooke Robert Holland

Great Stanmore, William Scott Great Stanmore, Charles Drury Edward Fortnum Great Stanmore, Francis King Great Stanmore, John Pannett Bull Arlington House, Turnham Green, William Henry Smith

Square, Brampton, John W'eall Pinner, Jonathan Sparkes Hendon.

For the County of Monmouth.

George Gething Esquire of Newport, William Evans Esquire of Newport, Thomas Llewellin Esquire of Newport, Reverend Macdonald Steel Caerwent Vicarage Clerk, Almericus Blakeney Savery Hardwick Lodge, Chepstow.

For the Town of Great Yarmouth.

George Danby Palmer, John Wilton Shelly, James Scott, Cubitt Engall Bartram, John Clowes, Frederick Palmer, John Barker, John Cobb, John Owles, Benjamin Dowson, Henry Boulter, Richard Ecclestone, Samuel Yelzie Moore, William Briggs, Charles Miller, and Charles Samuel Dale Steward, all of Great Yarmouth; Henry Danby Palmer, Horace Harry Gambling, and Samuel Burton, all of South Town, Little Yarmouth.

For the County of Norfolk.

Humphrey John Hare Docking Hall, James Hollway Stanhoe, Reverend Robert Poole Hooper LMajor Edward Jodrell Bayfield, Reverend Charles Norris Briston, George Barker Holt, Edward Bowyer Sparke Gunthorpe, Arthur Heitland Colkirk, John Collison East Bilney, Reverend Henry Collison East Bilney, Reverend Thomas Carson Seaming, Reverend George W. Winter Litcham, Reverend Kenelm H. Digby Tittleshall, Robert Gilbert Ashby, Gibbs Murrell Surlingham, Samuel Taylor Whitlingham,

Jeremiah

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Jeremiah James Caiman Stoke Holy Cross, Henry Birkbeck Stoke Holy Cross, Edward Freestone East Clement William

Unthank Intwood, George Forrester Norwich, Robert Page junior

BaWburgh, Robert Leamon WhRobert Palmer Kemp Coltishall, Isaac Everitt Limpenhoe, William Bircham Reepham, William Henry Scott Aylsham, Henry Lombard Hudson,

Benjamin John Crisp Harlestone, Charles Andre Mills Pulham Saint Mary the Virgin, Charles Muskett Bressingham, William Rising of Somerton Hall near Great Yarmouth; Thomas William Daniel, Henry Fellows, and Mayes Wigg, all of Caister next Great Yarmouth; William Manning Fellowes o/*Ormesby St. Margaret, John Clowes of Ormesby St. Margaret and of Great Yarmouth, and Knights Francis Daniel of Stokesby, all in East .Flegg; William Rising of West Somerton, Robert Garnham of Martham, and Robert Kidman of Repps with Bast wick, all in West Flegg; Benjamin John Crisp Harleston, Henry Lombard Hudson Harleston, Charles Andre Mills of Pulham Saint Mary the Virgin, Caleb Coleby Pulham St. Mary's, Reverend W. Holmes, John Calver Brooke of Roydon, Charles Muskett of Bressingham, Reverend Frederic Fitch Vicar of Cromer^ John Henry Windham, Captain R.N., Cromer, Reverend James Richard Anderson Rector of Barningbam Winter, Reverend Ralph Blakelock Rector of Girningham, Edmund Plane Middleton of Hindringham, Christopher Thomas Page of Stiffkey, John Sayers of Field Dalling, William Nettleton Gardner of Wells-next-the-Sea, Benjamin John Crisp Redenhall-with-Harleston, James Burford Pratt

Needham, Reverend William Wallace Thorpe Abbotts Clerk.

For the County of Northumberland.

John Tate of Bilton, William Dickson junior of Alnwick, John Atkinson Wilson of Alnwick, John Charles Langlands of Berwick, Bryan Burrell of Broompark, Reverend Henry Edward Bell of Long-houghton, Reverend Dixon Browne of Howick, George Tate of East House, Edward Thew of Shortridge, William Forster of Alnwick, William Baird of Alnwick, George Rea North Middleton, Charles Rea Doddington, Alexander Thompson Kirknewton, Robert Thompson Kirknewton, Patrick G. McDouall Clerk Kirknewton, John Charles Langlands Old Berwick, George Pringle Hughes Middleton Hall, John Marshall Chatton Park, William Dodd Clerk Chillingham Vicarage, William Lowrev Barmoor, John Samuel Green, William Procter, G. H. Hughes, G. A. Grey, Henry Parker, Leonard Wilson Atkinson Newbiggin, Reverend Meyrick Beebee Simonburn, Robert Bell Sandhoe, Henry Dodd The Riding, John Dryden Stagshaw Close House, Jasper Gibson Hexham, Richard Gibson Reverend Frederick Gripps Corbridge, Charles Head Hackwood, John

Oswald

Land Tax Commissionei's Names. '

Oswald Head Maiden Cross, Nicholas Lowes Allensgreen, John Lowes Hill House, William Richmond Mewbum Acomb, John Nicholson Halliwell Dean, Matthew Ridley Park-end, Reverend William Thomas Shields Warden, Reverend William Sisson Slaley, William Smith/imior Haughton Castle, Robert Stokoe Hexham, and John Stokoe Hexham.

For the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

John Watson Beeston, John Wadsworth Nottingham Park, Edmund Percy Nottingham, Thomas Fisher Nottingham, Arthur Morley Manor House, Sneinton, John Morley Lenton Hall, James Page Nottingham Pdfrk, Booth Eddison Nottingham.

For the County of Nottingham.

Thomas Crow The Elms, Ordsall, Joseph Wyles House, Ordsall, John Holmes East Retford, William Allison East Retford, Edward Firth East Reford, Samuel Marshall East Retford, Reverend Colin Postlethwaite Elksley, William Wilkinson South Retford, Ordsall, Charles James Barrow Southwell, George Storer of Thoroton, Joseph Marriott the younger of Cropwell Butler, Henry Smith of Cropwell Butler, William S ah day of Holmepierrepont, Reverend Herbert Charles Brewster of Bulwell, William Gething of Mansfield Woodhouse, Charles Storer of Lowdham, Samuel Matthews of Lambley, William Felkin of Nottingham Park, Richard William Allan Hutchins of East Bridgford, William Hollins of Pleasley Works near Mansfield, Joseph Paget of Stuflin Wood near Mansfield, George Beaumont the younger of East Bridgeford, William Charles Boden of Kuddington, George Alexander Forteath o/"Bunny Park, Thomas Huskinson of Epperstone, Henry Abel Smith of Wilford, Thomas Adams, of Lenton Firs, Thomas Ball of Bramcote Grove, William Cartledge of Woodthorpe, James Fisher of Scotholme House, Radford, Francis Butcher Gill of Beeston, Charles Staunton Hadden of Nottingham Park, Frederick John Hadden of Nottingham Park, Arthur Swann Howard Lowe of Highfields, George Rawson of Bestwood Park, John Lawson Thackeray of Nottingham Park, John Watson of Beeston, William Wilson of Sherwood Hall.

For the City o/" Oxford.

John Parsons Banker, James Pike, Nathaniel Castle.

For

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

For the Rest of the County of Oxford.

John Southerden Burn of Grove House, Henley-on-Thames, Herbert Parsons Elsfield, Edward Elton Clerk Wheatley, Alfred Pott Clerk Cuddesdon, R Meysey Turton Clerk Great

Multon, Robert Field Grimsbury, William Anderson Rryden Alfred Gillett Banbury, Timothy Edward Cobb Banbury.

For the County of Salop.

Buddicum, Reverend Robert Joseph, SmethcottEdwardes, Sir Henry, Baronet, Sansaw; Guise, Reverend Clifford George, Church Pulverbatch; Hill, the Honourable and Reverend Henry Noel, Berrington; Masters, Reverend George, Dorrington Pelham, Walter Thursby, Cound; Phillips, John, Winsley; William Cope Shiffnal, William Henry Slaney Hatton Grange, John Jones Ruckley, Beriah Botfield Decker Hill, Charles Head Atchley near Shiffnall, Henry Cunliffe Shiffnal Vicarage Clerk, George Barker, Albrighton Hall near Shiffnal, George Windus Woodhouse Albrighton Vicarage near Shiffnal Clerk, John Astbury Aston Kemberton Rectory Clerk, Robert William Eyton Ryton near Shiffnal Clerk, Richard Phillips Brockton near Shiffnal, William Jones Brockton Court near Shiffnal, Reverend Thomas Frederick More The More, Bishops Castle, Reverend Robert More White Churchstoke, Shrewsbury, Reverend William Morgan Rowland Bishops Castle, Thomas Jones Griffithes Bishops Castle, Thomas William Ambler Hardwick, Bishops Castle, John P. Jones Roveries, Bishops Castle, Thomas Kynnersley Gardner of Leighton, Thomas Charlton of Apley Castle, Dryden Corbet of Sundorne, Reverend Henry Beckwith of Eaton Constantine Clerk.

For the Borough of Bridgewater.

Axford, John; Axford, Richard; Ball, Alfred William; Brice, William; Caiman, John James; Collins, John Coombes, Clerk; Else, Richard Charles; Farquhar, John; Ford, William John; Haviland, Alfred; King, Abraham; Knowles, Charles; Lovibond, Henry; Nicholls, Henry Frederick; Parker, George; Parsons, John; Sadler, Michael Ferrebee, Clerk; Smith, Richard; Stantial, Thomas, Clerk; Sully, George Bryant; Taylor, William; Frend, Henry, Clerk.

For the County of Somerset.

John Hippisley the younger of Ston Easton, John Score Keynsham, John Smith Keynsham, George Frederick Fox Keynsham, James Clayfield Ireland juniorBrislington, Francis Ker Fox BrIslington, Charles Joseph Fox Brislington, William Howard Windsor Terrace, Taunton, Arthur Walter Howard Windsor Taunton,

Reverend Francis Warre of Bishop's Lydeard Clerk; Axford, John, Bridgwater; Axford, Richard, Bridgwater; Auben, Henry Peter, North Petherton; Ball, Alfred William, Bridgwater; Brice, Francis, 3 X Charlinch;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land, Tax Commissioners Names.

Charlinch; Brice, William, Bridgwater; Brittan, Meshack, Spar-ton; Bryant, Edward, Wembdon; Caiman, John James, Bridgwater;

Carver, John, Chilton Polden; Coles, Janies, Cannington; Collins, John Coombes, Clerk, Bridgwater; Else, Richard Charles, Bridgwater; Farquhar, John, Bridgwater; Ford, William John, Bridgwater; Galloway, James, Clerk, Spaxton; Gooding, William, Burleigh; Harding, George, Charlinch; Haviland, Alfred, Bridgwater; Jones, John Webber, North Petherton; King, John Webb, Chilton Polden; King, Abraham, Bridgwater; Knowles, Charles, Bridgwater; Lovi-bond, Alfred, Middlezoy; Lovibond, Henry, Bridgwater; Luscombe,

Richard James, the younger, Clerk, Moorlinch; Mullens, George Oakman, Clerk, Chedzoy; Mullins, Thomas, the younger, Goathurst; Nicholls, Henry Frederick, Bridgwater; Nicholls, John Thomas, Goathurst; Parker, George, Bridgwater; Parsons, John,

Poole, Joseph Ruscombe, Cannington; Robinson, John William, Clerk, North Petherton; Sadler, Michael Ferrebee, Clerk, Bridgwater; Smith, Richard, Bridgwater; Smythe, Ryle Thomas, Clerk, Charlinch; Stantial, Thomas, Clerk, Bridgwater; Stradling, William, Chilton Polden; Sully, George Bryant, Bridgwater; Talbot, George Tertius, Pawlett; Taylor, William, Bridgwater; Frend, Henry, Clerk, Bridgwater; Vesey, Richard, Warren, John, Clerk,

Bawdrip; John Score Keynsham, John Smith Keynsham, George Frederick Fox Keynsham, James Clayfield Ireland junior Brislington, Francis Ker Fox Brislington, Charles Joseph Fox Brislington.

For the Town and' County of the Town of Southampton.

Stanley Bullock Major General, Thomas Simpson, Edward Dixon, Thomas Hill, Arnold Rawson Wilson Lieutenant Colonel, William Alltoft Summers, Robert Rouby Oke, James Dyer, Philip Hast, Adam Schoales, Richard George Stevens, George Mills, William Champness, James Duncam, John Maber, William Lankester, Henry Joseph Buchan, Andrew Lamb, William Aldridge, John Traffells Tucker.

For the County of Southampton and Isle of Wight.

Charles Wright, Charles Gask, John Naish, Henry Jacob, John Colson, James Hanson Hayles, all Winchester; William Knapp

Jonas Bishop's Waltham, Charles James Gunner Bishop's Waltham, James Boucher Shidfield House near Wickham, Henry Carter Wickham, Stephen Blatherwick Fareham, John Appleford Woolls Fareham, Charles Osborn Downend near Fareham, Bonham William Carter Southsea, George Carter Evelegh Portsmouth, George Gill-man Portsmouth, George Preston Vallancey Portsmouth, John Friend Pratt Portsea, John Waddington of Langrish House in the Parish of East Mean, Robert Henley Payne of Bordean House in the said Parish of East Mean.

Far

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Fat' the City and County of the City of Litchfield.

William Brown, John D. Griffith, Arthur Griffith, William Green.

For the County of Stafford.

Thomas Blurton of Preston Yale, Edwin Bostock of Forebridge, Richard Crpydon of Penkridge, John Griffin of Stafford, Charles Keel* ing of Congreve, William Johnson of Rickerscote, Charles Edward Morgan of Forebridge, John William Moore of The Toft, Charles Stubbs o/Treston Hill, Henry Wood of Woolgarston, James Webb of Milford, John Bagnall Westbromwich, Richard Bagnall Westbromwich,

William Bott Coton Hall, Sinckler Chinn Pipe, Robert

William Essington Clerk Shenstone, John Hardy Deinstall, William B. Harrison junior Norton Hall, Thomas Jesson John

Newton Lane Elmhurst Hall, Greville Charles Lane King's Bromley Manor, William Mayou Fradley, William Oakley Maple, John Perks Burton Extra, George Lloyd Robson Shenstone Moss, John H. Stubbs Perry Barr, Henry Elwell Ingram, Richard

Hunt, Clerk, Areley; Briscoe, Richard H., Phillips,

William Henry Bushbury; Amphlett, Charles Dunn, Clerk, Enville; Hackett, George, Enville; Barrows, Joseph, Bennitt,

Pynson Wilmot, Kinfare, Stourton Hall; Lee, John F., Kinfare, The Hyde; Bolton, Thomas, Kinfare, The Hyde; Dudley, George, Kinfare, Compton; Bennitt, Samuel, Kingswinford, House;

Bennitt, William, Kingswinford, Ashwood House; Brown, William, Kingswinford, The Leys; Downing, Henry, Clerk, Kingswinford; Grazebrook, John Phillips, Kingswinford, Audnam; Hall, Henry, Kingswinford; Hickman, Richard, Clerk, Kingswinford, Summerhill; Ireland, John, Kingswinford; Smith, Frederick, Kingswinford, The Level; Taylor, George, Kingswinford, Holbeche; Greenstreet, William G., Clerk, Pattingham; Phillips, Thomas Moss, Penn; Barrs, Alfred Haden, Rowley Regis; Barrs, Frederick William George, Rowley Regis; Bickley, John Latty, Sedgley; Barrows, William, junior, Sedgley; Whitehouse, Edward Bickerton, Giffard, Walter

Peter, Tettenhall Clericorum; Kesteven, Thomas Thorneycroft, Tettenhall Clericorum; Green, Jonathan Aston, Seisdon; Pudsey, John, Seisdon; Perks, John, Wolverhampton; Addenbrooke, George, Wombourn; Walker, Joseph Griffin, Nether ton; Bourne, James Samuel, Dudley; George Downing of Selly Oak, Northfield, Charles Lloyd Browning of Harborne, John Price Prestwood, Wordsley, William Pearson Brockmoor, Brier ley Hill, James Holcroft Short Em.d, Kingswinford near Dudley, Henry Hall Amblecote near Stourbridge, Thomas Pargeter Jones Rowley near Dudley, Henry Parkes Skidmore Netherton near Dudley, J. C. Barlow Bilston, Thomas Bolton Wolverhampton, George Robinson Amble-cote near Stourbridge, James Tildesley Willenhall near Wolverhampton,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

hampton, John Francis Lee Kinver near Reverend

Jeremiah Barnes of Leek, Hugh Sleigh of Leek, Joshua Brough of Leek, John Ward of Leek, Edward Challinor o/Fenton, Reverend Henry Abeed Uttoxeter, William Henry Sneyd Kynnersley

Uttoxeter, George Spofforth Need Parks, Uttoxeter, Reverend Bennett Williams Bromshall, Uttoxeter, Richard Sutton Cheadle, Richard Fryer Smith Cheadle, John Adamthwaite Henry James

Morley Light Oaks, Samuel Alcock Pear Tree House, Cheadle, Tho mas Mackenzie Plantation House, Cheadle, Eli Bowers Park Fields, Cheadle, Charles Smith the younger Alton, Francis Hordern Cheadle, William Sheppard Allen Woodhead Hall, Thomas Fletcher Boughey Aqualate Hall, Thomas Stanier Philip Broade Manor House, Made-ley, Colin Campbell Stoke-upon-Trent, Howard Haywood,

Sir Lionel Milborne Swinnerton Pilkington Baronet Butterton Hall, George Edmund Wicksted Betley Hall, Joseph Cooper Newcastle-under-Lyme, Robert Hill Newcastle-under-Lyme, Robert Heath Newcastle-under-Lyme, Edward Challinor Fenton Culvert, James Dickson Newcastle-under-Lyme.

For the Borough of Bury Saint Edmonds.

Charles Beard, Beckford Bevan, Thomas Charles Denton, Johnson Gedge, David Goldsmith, John Ridley.

For the Rest of the County of Suffolk.

Reverend Richard Henry King, Rector of Little Glemham, John Crispy wmor Beccles, Richard Day French Saint John Rketshall, John Lewis Garden Redisham Hall, William Robert Sharpin Beccles, Reverend Robert Whiting Clerk Ringsfield Rectory, Reverend John Yelloly Clerk Bar sham Rectory, Nathaniel Warner Bromley of Wickhambrook, Joseph Robarts Bromley of Wickhambrook, William Wakeling Boreham of Haverhill, John Francis Snell of Poslingford, Reverend Or bell Plampur Oakes of Hawkedon Rectory, Reverend William Chapman Rawlinson of Chedburgh Rectory, Reverend John Thomas Walters of Stradishall Rectory, Reverend William Henry Syer of Kedington Rectory, Reverend Abraham Farley Winter of Barnardiston, Reverend Thomas Starkie Bence of Thorington Thompson, George, of Halesworth; Charles Williams Lloyd Rectory, Aldham, Clerk, Robert Alfred Rackham Wliatfield, Suffolk, Clerk, William Hardman Molineux Elmsett, Suffolk, Clerk.

For the County of Surrey.

Nathaniel Alexander of Epsom, Jeremiah Lacy, John Doulton High Street, Lambeth, William White Montague Place, Clapham Road. Lambeth, James Grey Waterloo Road, Lambeth, Henry

Maudsley

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46. 26g '

__________Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Maudsley Cheltenham Place, LambethRobert Taylor Lambeth Terrace, Lambeth, John Corderoy Kennington Lambeth,

William Cook Lorrimore Square, Walworth, John Wallis Ward Dean's Row, Walworth Road, William Jones Newington Causeway,

Henry Richard Silvester Great Dover Street, John Gover Eagle Cottage, New Kent Road, William Edwards Denmark Hill, Camberwell, Henry Ridley Ellington Grove Hill, Camberwell, Frederick Doulton Manor House, Dulwich, John Andrew Lyon Old Kent Road, James Medwin Park Buildings, The Grove, Camberwell, '

Richard Dawes Camberwell, Thomas Bliss Pugh Clapham Road,

James Adlard Clapham Road, Robert Pugh Clapham Road, William Webb Clapham Road, Matthew King Clapham Road, Robert Goulding Clapham Road, W Shakespear Clapham Road,

William Lord Clapham Road, Thomas Howell Clapham Common,

James Forbes Young Lambeth William Evans Lambeth, Charles Evans Lambeth, Christopher Trowell Gabriel Commercial Road, Lambeth,

Thomas Devas Wimbledon, Augustus Gadesden Tooting, Beaumont Hankey Putney Heath, Wandsworth, Thomas Symonds Howell Wandsworth, Henry Rucker Wandsworth, William Thompson Tooting, Charles Webb Clapham Common, Battersea, Thomas George Peckham, William Dunk, John Pike, Henry Leake, William Cosier, Edward Wigan, William Robinson White, Bickford Hele Philipps, Thomas Perkins Silva, Thomas A Denny, Charles Ran-dellj Henry Smith, Edward Palmer, Thomas Olney, Daniel Taylor,

Felix Taylor, Daniel Birt, George Holmes, Joseph Anderson, Mark Catley, Thomas Pocock, James Stevens, Joseph Allworth Pash,

James Leonard Wilson, John Willson, the Honourable Frederick Bathurst Highams, Chobham; Robert Hay Murray West Hall,

Byfleet, Hatton Hamer Stansfeld Arbor Cottage, Chertsey, George Harcourt M.D., Chertsey, all in the County of Surrey; Charles Armstrong Northbrook House, Godalming, Reverend Edward Jacob Boyce, Vicar of Godalming, Reverend John Chandler, Vicar of Witley, William Henry Frankland Eshing House, Godalming,

Charles Alexander Parson Godalming, Thomas Eton Swettenham Chiddingfold, James Stilwell Killinghurst House, Chiddingfold,

Robert William Webb Milford House, Witley.

For Seaford and Pevensey.

James Brooker, Charles Saxby, Henry Simmons, James Singer Turner.

For the ancient Town and Parish of Rye.

Alexander Bishop V idler, James Batcheler, William Holt Chatterton, William Daniel Hoad, George Edwards of High Street, William MacDiarmid.

3 Y For

Land Tone Commissioners Names.

For the Town of Winchelsea.

Thomas Smith Pix, Walter Fuller.

For the Rest of the County of Sussex.

Reverend W. Acworth Plumstead Vicarage, Frank Atkinson Argles Brighton, Robert Bayley Brighton, George Ballard Hove, Pryce Bowen Brighton, William B\&ber Brighton, Thomas Bigsby Chamberlin Brighton, Gordon Calthrop Brighton, Richard Carr Glyn Hove, George Richard Gainsford Brighton, John Gainsford Brighten, Jackson King Hunt Hove, William Holsworth Brighton, John Lewis Brunsunck Square, Hove, Robert Williams Brighton.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry.

Edward Humphrey Woodcock Coventry, Bryan Dunn Coventry, Joseph Odell Coventry, William Odell, Coventry, William Ratliff, Coventry, David Waters Coventry, Charles Sandiers Coventry, John Rotherham Coventry, William Lynes Coventry, William Sargeant Coventry, Francis Sargeant Coventry, Thomas Willerton Coventry, Francis Wyley Coventry, John Wyley Coventry, Samuel Newsome, Coventry, Charles Dresser Coventry, William Drake Clerk Coventry, Thomas Soden Coventry, Henry Hammerton Coventry, Edward Phillips M.D. Coventry, William Franklin Coventry, Daniel Edward Collins Coventry, William Matthews Coventry, Henry Spencer Coventry, Richard Caldicott Coventry, James Ogilvy M.D. Coventry, John Weston Perkins Coventry, Thomas Dewes Coventry, Edward Dewes M.D. Coventry, Thomas Jenkins Coventry, William Taunton Coventry, James Marriott Coventry, Thomas Jeffcoat Coventry, Thomas Sheepshanks Coventry, John Brownrigg Collisson Clerk Coventry, William Thickens Clerk of Keresley, John Cleophas Ratliff of Stoke, Abraham Kendrick Dunn of Stivichall, Captain George Adams of Anstey, Robert Arrowsmith Clerk of Sowe, Edward James Howman Clerk of Exhall, William Frederick .Pridmore of Stivichall, Henry Browett of Foleshill.

For the County Warwick.

Reverend Hugh Bacon of Baxterley Clerk, Reverend Benjamin Gifford Astley of Merivale Clerk, the Honourable and Reverend Charles Finch of Little Packington Clerk, George William Wingfield Digby o/Coleshill, Charles Couchman of Temple Balsall, Rear Admiral Constantine Richard Moorsom of Edgbaston, David Malins of Birmingham, William Gough of Birmingham, William Mabson of Edgbaston, Thomas Wells Blakeway of Edgbaston.

For

For the County Worcester.

Reverend Arthur Seveme Rock, Reverend Slade Baker Clifton on Teme, Reverend John Vernon Shr aw ley, Pearce Baldwin Stour-port, Samuel Broom Stour port, Frank Evers of Oldswinford, George Downing of Selly Oak, Northfield, George Edward Brown Westhead of Sea Ca9tle, Wolverley, Alfred John Hancocks The Manor House, George Smith Homfray Broadwaters, Kidderminster, Alfred Talbot Green Hill Home, Kidderminster, John Renaud of Dudley, John Beddard of Dudley, Henry Coldicott of Dixon's Green, Dudley, John Walker of Dixon's Green, Dudley, Thomas William Fletcher of Dudley, Samuel Bennitt of Dudley, William Bennitt junior of Dudley, Edward Fisher Smith of Dudley, Frederick William George Barrs of Dudley, Alfred Haden Barrs of Dudley, Brooke Robinson of Dudley, Edwin Dudley of Dudley, Theophilus Tinsley

of Dudley, John Whitehouse of Dudley, John Round Tilley of Dudley, William Chinner of Dudley, Edward Dixon of Dudley, Ferdinando Dudley Lea Smith Halesowen Grange, John Philip Grazebrooke Hagley, John W. Ellis Hagley, Reverend John Whiteley Clerk Rectory, Pedmore, William Brown Brookfield, Bellbroughton, William Trow junior Ismere House, Churchill, John Harward Stourbridge, Benjamin Danels Stourport, the Honourable Henry Lygon, commonly called Lord Viscount Elmley, the Honourable Frederick Lygon Madresfield Court, Thomas Charles Hornyold Blackmore Park, William Dowdeswell Pull Court, Sir Edmund Anthony Harley Lechmere Baronet, The Rhyd, Henry Joseph Tayler Upton-upon-Severn Clerk, Charles Allen Bmhley Clerk,

Henry Willan Hanley Castle, William Lister Isaac Croome D'Abitot Clerk, William Coventry Earl's Croome, John Wells Fletcher Baughton Hall, Henry Charles Philpott EarFs Croome Clerk, Richard Holmes Eldersfield Clerk, William Davis Hanley Hall, William Halford Bourne Bank, Thomas James Welles Baughton Court, Samuel Cheselden Kent Longdon Lodge, James Manby Gully Malvern, Joseph Shapland Moorend, Mathon, John Shapland, Mathon, William Samuel Symonds Pendock Clerk, Edward Henry Niblett Redmarley HAbitot Clerk, John William Empson Ripple Hall, Joseph Jones Severn Stoke, Gabriel Goodman Upton-upon-Severn, George Williams Sandford, James Williams Welland, Thomas White Upton-upon-Severn, Thomas Gee Hanley, Joseph Hill Grice The Mount Clerk, John Clarke Kent Upton-upon-Severn, Samuel Rawlins Moseley, Thomas Mary gold Parker Moseley, Frederick Isaac Welch Moseley, Phillip Henry Muntz Selly Oak, Northfield, Thomas Day Bromsgrove, Joseph Woodward Thomas Phipps

Bricklehampton, Jeffrey Read Amherst Pershore, Richard Varden Seaford Grange, Peopleton, Martin Ganderton Pershore, Reverend John Day Collis Clerk Bromsgrove, Benjamin Hadley Sanders

Bromsgrove,

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Bromsgrove, Reverend Harcourt Aldham Clerk Stoke Prior, John Corbett Rigby Hall, Stoke Prior, Reverend George John Wild Clerk Dodderhill, Reverend William Lea Clerk St. Peters, Droitwich, Reverend William W. Douglas Clerk Salwarp, Robert. Archibald Douglas Gresley High Park, Droitwich, Reverend James Bearcroft Clerk Hadsor, Droitwich, Edward Browning Redditch, George Rushout Burford.

For the City of New Sarum, The Close of the, and Clarendon

Park.

Thomas Pain, Abraham Jackson, Henry Philemon Ewer, Philip Pinckney Cother, Thomas Webb Gilbert.

For the Rest of the County of Wilts.

Reverend John Dry den Hodgson, Incumbent of Great Bed win, Reverend Thomas Stanton, Vicar of Burbage, Reverend John Knight of Heytesbury, Reverend John Henry Arnold Walsh of Warminster, William Frowd Seagram of Warminster, Michael John Festing oj Maiden Bradley, Reverend William David Morrice Longbridge Deverill, Timothy Goodman of Warminster, James Buckler Osborne Bayly of Boreham, Reverend George Richard Brown of Maiden Bradley, William Davis of Boy ton, George Temple of Bishopstrow House; Archer, David, junior, Lushill; Auchmuty, Samuel Forbes, Clerk, Blunsdon Saint Andrew; Bell, Alfred, South Beadon,

Hyde Wyndham, Clerk, Latton; Crowdy, Henry Crowdy,

Grimwood, Jeffry Grimwood, Stanton Fitzwarren; Holme, Meyrick, Clerk, Marston Maisey; Plummer, Jatnes, Highworth; Rowden, Francis Marmaduke, Clerk, Stanton Fitzwarren; Smeaton, James Burn, Clerk, Hannington; Stracey, E J, House

George Frederick Crowdy of Faringdon, Berks, James Gordon Crowdy of Faringdon, Berks, Edward Percy Crowdy of Faringdon, Berks, Reverend William Henry Hitchcock Shinbridge, Gloucestershire; Brown, William, Broad Hinton; Bond, Reverend Frederick Hookey, Marlborough; Butler, George, Kennet; Cleather, Reverend George Parker, Aldbourne; Dowding, Reverend Townley Ward, Preshute; Goodman, Edward, Oare; Gale, John Henry, Ogbourne St. George; Hillier, Henry Jenner, Gran ham; Kemm, Thomas, Avebury; Lawrence, Elijah, Marlborough; Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors for the Time being of the Borough of Marlborough; Meyrick, Reverend Edward, Ramsbury; McTier, Henry George, Marlborough; Seymour, Henry Richmond, Crowood; Soames, Reverend Charles, Mildenhall; Tanner, William Henry, Rockley; Ward, Michael Foster, Ogbourne St. Andrew; Thos. Anger junior Little Hinton, James Edward Goddard Bradford Swindon, Richard Bradford Lydiard Tregone, Andrew Baden Day,

George

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46. 273

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

George Brown junior Little Hinton, Henry Lyde Dunsford William Dore Bishopstone, Bartholomew Horsell Lydiard Tregone,

George Downing Hooper Wootton BaJohn Rouse Phillips Swindon, John Puckridge Draycott Foliatt, Robert Reynolds Swindon, Edward Sheppard Swindon, Edward Henry Thompson Clerk Lyneham, Henry Edward Tuckey Cleric Rodbome Cheney, John Bayntun Starky Spye Park, Bromliam, John Edwards Hayward Devizes, John Hayward Rowde, William Edmund Tugwell Devizes,

Henry Butcher junior Devizes, Jacob Player Devizes, Thomas James

Heard Rowde, Reverend Peter Almeric Leheup Wood Devizes,

George Waylen Devizes, Reverend William Fisher Poulshot.

For the County of Anglesey.

Massey, William, Carnelin; Owen, Bell, Cadnant Cottage;

Williams, Henry Owen, Beaumaris; Robert Prichard Llwydiarth Esgob, Llandyfrydog.

For the County of Cardigan.

Thomas John Hughes Castellddu, William Jones Major John Lewes Llanllear, Captain Herbert Vaughan,

Rhees Thomas Dol-llan, John Thomas Llandyssil.

For the County of Carmarthen.

Cecil Anson Harries Aberglasney, Frederick Lewes Lloyd Philipps Hafodneddin, Reverend David Jones Clerk Rector of Brechfa,

David Friar Nicholl Maesycrigie, Rees Thomas Dol-llan, Reverend Richard Bowcott Clerk Vicarage, Llanllwni, Reverend Thomas Jones Clerk, Rector of Pencarreg, David Williams Abercothy, Reverend Eleazar Evans Clerk Dolegwad, John Aaron Timmins Penymorfa,

Reverend Owen Jones Clerk Vicarage, Saint Ishmael, Charles Jones Blayne, Llangendeirne, Edward Morris Davies Upland, John Lavallin Puxley Lletherllestry, Herbert Lavallin Puxley, Edward

Lavallin Puxley Lletherllestry, David Harries Abersanan, William Evans Cilsane, Lewis Jones Surgeon Gellyglyd, Reverend David Jones Abergolan, John Kenneth Hand Ooodig House, Pembrey, William Moodie Llwynwhilwg-fawr, Llanelly, Robert Smith Dqfen Tin Works, Llanelly, Rhys Powell Jones Goring Place, Llanelly, Lewis Evans Pantycendu, John Morgan Clerk, Vicar of Abernant, Thomas Williams Clerk, Vicar of Newchurch, Evan Owen Thomas Conwilch Eloet, John James Stacey Carmarthen, Joseph Timmins Carmarthen,

Samuel Tardrew Carmarthen, James Dalton Prytherch Carmarthen,

Thomas Rees Oliver Powell Maesguzune, Dan Evans Culgynnydd,

Reverend Rees Griffiths Penhenrhyw, Thomas Charles Reverend Joshua Lewis Henllan, Samuel Tardrew Ffynnonlwyd 3 Z Charles

Land Tax Commissioners.

Charles Banks Davies Llwyndu, George Jones John Williams

Clerk Erryd, John Davies Llanwrda , Charles Lloyd David Long Price Talley Home, Thomas Thomas Cleric Talley, Sir James Drummond Baronet, Edwinsford, William Nicholas Lewis Llwyndeny, Henry Hall Llwyny-berllan, James Nathaniel Morgan Llandovery, David Jeremy Llandovery, David Thomas Thomas Jones Sackville Place, Llandovery.

For the County of Denbigh.

Reverend Morgan Davies Rectory, Llanrwst, Reverend Thomas Davies Rectory, Llanddoget, George Ashley Plas Llanrwst,

Samuel Naylor Coedfa, Llanrwst, Robert Owen Davies Cyffdy,

Llanrwst, Thomas Spooner Cilcenus, Llanrwst, Reverend William Lewis Clerk Pennant, Llanfihangel Glyn Myfyr, Henry Tayleur Brynyffynnon, George Johnson L House, Edward Jones Bryn Hyfryd, Reverend Bulkeley Owen Jones M.A. Warden of Ruthin, James Franklyn Reston Llwynynn, Thomas Parry Jones Parry of Llwyn Cwm near Wrexham, Henry Bailey of Gerwan Vawr near Wrexham.

For the County of Flint.

Adam Eyton of Coed-Mawr near Holywell, William Keates of Greenfield Hall near Holywell, Henry Spencer Cooper of Springfield near Holywell, Robert Peel Ethelston Reverend Peter Price

Clerk Erbistoch, Reverend William Henry Boscawen Hanmer, Phillip William Godsall Iscoed, William Branchner Erbistoch, John Lister Overton, Captain Francis Mostyn Owen Althrey, Joseph Henry Lee Red Brook, Edward Randles Overton, the Honourable Lloyd Kenyon Oredington.

For the County of Glamorgan.

John Stuart Corbett Cogan Pill, Reverend Charles W. Evans Rectory, Landough, Hugh Jenner Wenvoe, Henry Jones field, Llandaff, William Richards, Ely Rise, Benjamin

Matthews Fairwater, Llandaff, James H. Insole Llandaff, Evan

Williams David Radyr Court, Radyr, Richard Henry Cox Llandaff, John Partridge Booker Valendre, Whitchurch, Clement Waldron Canton, Reverend William David Fairwater, Llandaff, Joseph Huckwell Llandaff, George Thomas Clarke Dowlais, Richard Forman - PenydarrenHome, Thomas Shepherd Naviga-

tion House, James Ward Russell Merthyr Tydfil, John Morgan Merthyr Tydfil Deputy Coroner, David Davies George Town, Merthyr Tydfil, Daniel Thomas Davis Cwm, David Walter Davis Cwm, Reverend Cyril Stacey, James Pride, Edward Evans junior, David Lewis, Charles Redwood Vachell, Charles Williams David,

Archer

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 46.

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

Archer Lahgley, James Harvey Insole, William Thomas Edward^ M.D., Thomas Edward Heath, James Sydney Batchelor, Richard Hanbury Miers Cringallt, John Henry Rowland Frwd Vale, John Griffiths Clerk, Rector of Neath, Charles Griffith

Neath, Rees Williams Aberpergwm, Leyson Williams Charles Warde Preswylfa, Henry Warde Preswylfa, Alexander Cuthbertson junior Penrhwtyn, William Leyson

Henry Tennant junior Cadoxton Lodge, Robert Hall Baglan House, Philip Henry Rowland Olynclydach, Charles Waring Darren, Theodore Fox Drumma, Henry Habberly Price Neath Abbey, Henry Strick Aberdylais, Henry Simmons Coke Neath, Edward Evans Eagles Bush, Howell Cuthbertson Neath, William Hughes Herbert;

Lloyd Kilybebill, David Randall Neath, Lewis Griffiths >

William Jones Tynyrheol, Walter Griffiths Clerk Resolven, Willianh Williams Westfield, David Howell Morgan Neath, William Cuthbertson Penrhwtyn, Jenkin Stephen Jones Robert Thomas

Leyson Peniscynhor, Matthew Whittington Tonna.

For the County of Merioneth.

1 William Edward Jelff of Caerdeon, Francis Parry Davies of Barmouth, David Anwyl of the same, Evan Edwards of the same, Edward Jones LlanenddwyU Clerk, William Anwyl o/*Egryn, Thomas Palmer

Marsh of Hafodydon, Owen Jones of Towyn Clerk, William Rees of Towyn, Evan Anwyl of Llwynon, Robert Anwyl o/TJigwy, Thomas Bedoes of Towyn, Richard Price of the same, Hugh John Reveley oj Brynygwin, Robert Pugh of Helygog, Griffith Williams of Llwyn, Lewis Williams junior of Dolgelley, Griffith Powel Williams of the same, Charles Williams of the same, Griffith Jones Williams of the same, John Morris of the same, Robert Jones of the same, David Jones of the same, Watkin Anwyl of the same, Evan Jones Anwyl of the same, William Jones of the same, John Chidlow Rhoberts of the same, Robert Oliver Rees of the same.

For the County of Montgomery.

Reverend Charles James Bowen of Tyddin, William Henry Adams Plasllyssin, Andrew Davies Tymawr, John Thomas Craigfryn William Humphreys Berriew Rectory, John Humphreys Berriew Rectory, John Dickin of The Lodge, Chirk, John Pennington Evans Trevor Hall, Llangollen, Walter Booth Penybryn Llan-

gollen, Reverend Frederick Henry Tompson Vicar of Llanllwchairn, Reverend James Henry Marshall, Vicar of Bettws, Reverend Henry Powell Foulkes, Rector of Llandyssil, John Gittins Severn Side, Richard Edward Jones The Rock, Edward Matthews Rowland Tynyrhelig, John William Lloyd Cilgwrgan, Samuel Thomas Corrie of Dysserth, Thomas Bowen of Pool, Abraham Howell of Pool,

William

Land Tax Commissioners Names.

William Yearsley of Pool, Thomas Brettle Barrett of Pool, Edward David Thompson Harrison, Edward Evans of Pool, Richard Herbert Mytton of Garth, William CurliDg of Maesmawr, John Eggerton Harriman Pryce of Trelydan, Thomas Blythe of Hendrehene, John Maginnis of New Quay, Thomas Owen of Garfawr, Edward Green of Tirymynech, John Richards, of Guilsfield, Edward Kinaston Kinaston of Trewylan, Charles Kempster of Mardu, Edward Kempster of Llansaintffraid, Lewis Whittingham of Llandrinio Hall, ' Charles Stephen Mellor Fownog, John Pugh Llanfyllin, Thomas Lloyd Royle Llanfyllin, David Evans Llanfy, Reverend William Hughes

Llanwddyn, Reverend William S Thompson, Reverend William S Thompson Trefnanney, John Davies Penybryn, Llangedwm, William

Morris Lloran Ucha, Llansilin, George G. Withy, Ellis

Jones Surgeon Llanidloes, William Lefeaux Dolllys, Colonel Charles Hunter Mountsevern, Reverend John Parry Morgan Vicar Llanidloes, John Jenkins Solicitor Llanidloes, William Morgan Bryn-llys.

For the County of Pembroke.

Andrew Stevens Reid of Tenby, Reverend George Clark Clerk of Tenby, William Sackville Hamilton of Tenby, George Protheroe of Tenby, Edmund Morgan of Tenby, Thomas Gwyther of Tenby, Henry Lyons Walcott of Tenby, James Alston Garlicke of Tenby, John Gwynne of Tenby, William Griffiths Fishguard.

For the County of Radnor.

William Bridgwater Broomfield, Parish of John Griffiths

Portway, Parish of Bryngwyn, Henry De Winton Clerk Rectory, Parish of Boughrood, Edward Williams Llowes Court, Parish of Houses.

For the Shire of Sutherland.

Samuel Bateson Cambusmore, John Bradfute Dudgeon Andrew Hall Blarich, Charles Samuel Weston Golspie, Hector Gunn Achumore. Alexander M'Donald Comfute Balnakill, George Lawson Distiller Clynelesh, Donald Gray Writer and Bank Agent Golspie.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGIN jE.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to enable Ecclesiastical Persons in Ireland to grant Building Leases of Glebe Lands in certain Cases.

[17th AugasI 1857.]

WHEREAS it would be for the public Advantage that Ecclesiastical Persons in Ireland should be empowered in certain Cases to demise a Portion of their Glebe Lands for Building Purposes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In citing this Act for any Purpose it shall be sufficient to use Short Title, the Expression " The Glebe Lands Leasing Powers (Act,

1857."

II. In the Construction of this Act the Words " Lord Lieutenant" Interpreta-shall include any Chief Governor or Governors of the Words

"Successors in Estate" shall mean the Persons entitled for the Time being, after the Lessor, to the Receipt of the Rents of the Lands comprised in any Lease made under this Act; the Word " Lessee " shall include the personal Representative of any Lessee and his lawful Assigns; the Word " Lessor" shall include the Successors in Estate of any Lessor; the Words "Ecclesiastical Person" shall include Archbishops, Bishops, and all other Ecclesiastical Corporations, sole or aggregate; the Word " Town" shall mean any Borough or Town Corporate in Ireland, and any Town in which a Board of Municipal 4 A Commissioners

Power to Ecclesiastical Persons to grant Building Leases.

The best improved Rent without Fine to be reserved in Leases under this Act.

Restrictions on leasing Lands under this Act.

Before Lease granted a Surveyor to make Maps and a

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 47.

Glebe Lands (Ireland).

Commissioners shall have been elected under the Provisions of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, or in which Town Commissioners shall have been appointed under the Provisions of an Act o the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, or an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and three, or any Act amending the same.

III. It shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Person in Ireland entitled to any Glebe Lands situate within the Limits of any City or Town in Ireland, or within Two Miles thereof, from Time to Time to make Leases of any Part of such Lands for building thereon, either together or in Parcels, for any Term of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to take effect in possession and not in reversion, or by way of future Interest, subject to the Provisions in this Act contained.

IV. The Rent reserved in any such Lease shall be the best improved yearly Rent that, at the Time of making such Lease, can be obtained or reasonably expected from a solvent Tenant, without taking any Fine or other Consideration of any Kind, and so that no such Lessee be made dispunishable for Waste: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to reserve a reduced Rent for the First Three Years of the Terni.

Y. No such Lease shall include the Glebe House, Mansion House, or Place of Residence of any Ecclesiastical Person, or the Demesne, Lands, Garden, or Pleasure Grounds and Appurtenances belonging to or usually occupied therewith, or which may be necessary or convenient for actual Occupation with such Glebe House, Mansion House, or Place of Residence; and where there is no House or Place of Residence on such Glebe Lands, no such Lease shall include any Portion of the Glebe Lands that may be required or suitable for the Erection of a Glebe House or Place of Residence thereon, unless the Consent written on or annexed to such Lease shall specify that a sufficient Quantity of Land required and suitable for the Erection of a Glebe House or Place of Residence remains undemised in the Hands of such Ecclesiastical Person; and provided also, that no Lease made under this Act by any Archbishop shall be valid without the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, or by any Bishop without the Consent of the Archbishop of his Province, or by any other Ecclesiastical Person without the Consent of the Archbishop of the Province, the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of such Benefice, and such Consents shall be testified by the Persons whose Consents are hereby required respectively being Parties to and signing and sealing such Leases, or signing a written Endorsement of such Consent thereon.

VI. Whenever any Lease is intended to be made under the Authority of this Act, a Map or Plan under actual Survey of the Lands proposed to be leased shall be made by a competent Land Surveyor, to be appointed by the Person desirous of making the

Lease,

Glebe Lands (Ireland).

Lease, showing the local Situation and Quantity of the Lands Valuation, proposed to be leased, and of the Lands intended to be reserved; and report and such Surveyor shall also make a Valuation, on actual Survey, of SUCH Lease, the Lands proposed to be leased, and shall report what is the best yearly Rent which ought to be reserved on a Lease of such Lands, and shall also report upon all such oilier Matters connected with such intended Lease as he shall be directed to report upon; and the Map Such MftP> or Plan, Certificate, Valuation, and Report, shall be respectively verified by signed by such Surveyor, and verified by his Declaration to be made Surveyor, before any Justice of the Peace: Provided always, that when there Existing shall be any existing Map or Plan, made under actual Survey of the District, which shall include the Lands intended to be demised, a Copy of or Extract from such Map or Plan may be substituted for the Map or Plan herein-before directed to be made.

VII. Every Lease made under this Act shall contain a Covenant As to that the Tenant shall pay the Rent reserved, and all Taxes and Impositions whatsoever which shall be payable in respect of the Lands tained in thereby demised, save the Landlord's Proportion of Poor's Rates, Leases made and also a Condition and Agreement on the Part of the Lessee ^"der th, s to erect in a permanent and substantial Manner on the demised Premises Buildings of a Value to be specified therein, and to keep such Buildings during the Term in good and substantial Repair, and insured against Damage by Fire in Three Fourths at least of the Value thereof, and also that the lessee will lay out the Money to be received on any such Insurance, and all such other Sums of Money as shall be necessary, in substantially reinstating such Buildings as shall be destroyed or damaged by Fire, and to give up peaceable Possession of the Lands so demised, with all Buildings, Fixtures, and Improvements therein, on the Determination of such Lease; and also every such Lease shall contain a Power of Re-entry, in case such Buildings shall not have been erected within Five Years from the Commencement of the said Lease: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude the Lessor in any such Lease from covenanting that the Lessee may take from off the demised Premises Brick, Earth, Stone, Lime, or other Materials for the Erection or Repair of the said Buildings, or the Construction or Repair of Drains connected therewith, or that he may use such Portion of the demised Premises as shall be limited in such Lease for the Purpose of laying out new Streets or Approaches to such Buildings, or for making any Drainage necessary for such Buildings.

VIII. The Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, Archbishop, Bishop, Execution and Patron, whose Consents are hereby made requisite to any Lease Lieutenant, testified in manner herein-before described, shall be conclusive Archbishop, Evidence that such Lease does not comprise any Lands which ought not to be leased under the Provisions of this Act, and that a proper Evidence Portion of the Glebe Land remains unleased, and that the Rent that the thereby reserved is the best and most improved Rent, and that the Conditions required by this Act have been duly observed. teased! ° °

IX. Whenever

Glebe Lands [Ireland).

WhenPatron is under Incapacity or beyond Seas.

IX. Whenever the Patron shall happen to be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, or Feme Covert, it shall be lawful for the Guardian, Committee of the Estate, or Husband (as the Case may be) of such Patron (but in the Case of a Feme Covert not being a Minor, Idiot, or Lunatic, with her Consent in Writing,) to execute the Instrument by which such Consent is to be testified in Testimony of the Consent of such Patron, and such Execution shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be an Execution by the Patron of the Benefice.

Aa to X. Whenever the Patronage shall be in the Crown, the Consent of

Consent the Crown shall be testified by the signing of such Consent by the Patronage is Lord Lieutenant; and whenever the Patronage shall belong to any in the Crown; Dean and Chapter, or Collegiate or other Corporate Body having a when in a Common Seal, the Consent of such Corporate Body shall be testified Body! by the sealing of the Instrument by which such Consent is testified with the Common Seal of such Corporate Body.

Person who XI. The Person or Persons (if not more than Two), or the Majority for the Time of tJje pers0ns (if more than Two), or the Corporation who or which

DOlDfiT WOllld v A

be entitled would for the Time being be entitled to the Turn or Right of Presen-

to present tation to any Benefice if the same were then vacant, shall, for the

sideredthe1* Purposes of this Act, be considered to be the Patron thereof: Provided Patron. nevertheless, that in the Case of the Patronage being exercised alternately by different Patrons, the Person or Persons (if not more than Two), or the Majority of the Persons (if more than Two), or the Corporation, who or which would for the Time being be entitled to the Second Turn or Right of Presentation to any Benefice if the same were then vacant, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, jointly with the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to the First Turn or Right of Presentation, be considered to be the Patron thereof.

Lease to be XII. Every Lease made pursuant to the Provisions of thi^ Adt by Inden- shall be by Indenture, and a Counterpart of every such Lease shall

* ure' be executed by the Lessee thereof, and shall be valid and effectual to bind the Lessor and his Successors, provided that the same shall within Six Months from the Execution thereof by the Lessor be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in for which no greater Fee than Ten Shillings shall be chargeable.

To extend to XIII. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

Ireland only.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to make better Provision for the Care and Education of vagrant, destitute, and disorderly Children, and for the Extension of Industrial Schools.

[17th August 1857 ]

WHEREAS Industrial Schools for the better training of %/%/ Vagrant Children have been and may be established in " various Parts of England, and it is expedient that more extensive Use should be made of such Institutions, and that the Responsibility of Parents to provide for the proper Care of their Children should be enforced: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may be cited as the " Industrial Schools Act, 1857."

II. The following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings interpreta-hereby assigned to them respectively, unless there be something in tion of the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction: Terms.

" Police" shall include every Policeman, Police Constable, Parish Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough:

" Justices" shall include any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting together, and also any Person who by the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, Sections Thirty-three and Thirty-four, is authorized to do alone whatsoever is authorized by that Act to be done by any Two or more Justices of the Peace:

4 B

a

Child "

Committee of Privy Council on Education may certify any Industrial School under this Act, but not under this Act, and 17 & 18 Vict. c. 86.

Inspector to report annually.

Certificate may be withdrawn.

Children taken into Custody for Vagrancy may be sent to School while Inquiries are made.

Industrial Schools.

" Child" shall include any Boy or Girl who in the Opinion of the Justices is above the Age of Seven and under the Age of Fourteen:

"Certified Industrial School" shall mean any School or Institution certified under this Act:

" Managers" shall include the Directors, Managers, or other Persons who shall have the Management or Control of any Certified Industrial School:

" Parent" shall include any Person legally liable to maintain a Child, and also any Person upon whom an Order for Affiliation has been made and not quashed:

" County" shall include any City, Borough, Riding, or Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace.

III. The Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council on Education

may, upon the Application of the Managers of any School in which Industrial Training is provided, and in which Children are fed as well as taught, direct such Person as they may appoint to examine and report to them upon its Condition and Regulations, and, if satisfied therewith, may grant a Certificate under the Hand of the President of Her Majesty's Privy Council or of the Vice-President of the said Committee thereof, and thenceforth the School shall be a Certified Industrial School within the Meaning of this Act; provided always, that no School shall be certified both under this Act and under the Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Chapter Eighty-six.

IV. The said Committee shall direct a Report of the Condition and Regulations of every Certified Industrial School to be made to them at least once in each Year by such Person as they may appoint; and if upon his Report the Committee is dis-satisfied with the Condition or Regulations of the School, they may withdraw their Certificate, and, upon Notice in Writing of such Withdrawal having been given to the Managers thereof, the School shall cease to be a Certified Industrial School from such Time as shall be specified in the Notice.

V. When any Child is taken into Custody on a Charge of Vagrancy under any Local or General Act, the Justices, on receiving satisfactory Proof in support of such Charge, may, if the Parent, or in case of an Orphan, if the Guardian or nearest adult Relative, of the Child cannot at once be found, and provided there be any Certified Industrial School, the Managers of which are willing to receive him, order the Child to be sent to such Industrial School for any Period not exceeding One Week, and shall direct due Inquiries to be made, and Notice (Form A.) to be given to the Parent or Guardian or nearest adult Relative of the Child, if any can be found, or to the Persons with whom the Child is or was last known to have been residing, of the Circumstances under which the Child has been taken into Custody, and that the Matter will be inquired into at the Time and Place mentioned in the Notice.

VI. At

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 48.

Industrial Schools.

VI. At the Time and Place mentioned in the Notice, any Justices Justice may may make full Inquiry into the Matter, and may, if they shall think dj!^ fit, order the Child to be discharged altogether, or if the Parent, charged or (or where the Child is an Orphan, then the Guardian or nearest adult Relative,) be found, may, on Conviction of such Child on such industrial Charge as aforesaid, deliver him up to his Parent, {nr where the Child is an Orphan, to the Guardian or nearest adult Relative as responsible, aforesaid,) on his giving an Assurance in Writing (Form B.) that he will be responsible for the good Behaviour of the Child for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months, and in default of such ' Assurance being given may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals (Form C.), order the Child to be sent for such Period as they may think necessary for his Education and Training to any Certified Industrial School, the Managers of which are willing to receive him: Provided, however, if within the County where the Child was taken into Custody, or any adjoining County, there shall be any Certified Industrial School conducted on the Principles of the religious Persuasion to which the Parent of the Child in the Opinion of the Justices shall belong, and the Managers of such School shall be willing to receive him, such Child shall be sent to such last-mentioned School, and not to any other.

VII. If the Child, after such Assurance as aforesaid being given, Parent liable be brought up again on a similar Charge within the Period for which the Parent, or in case of an Orphan, the Guardian or nearest adult during Re-Relative, has become responsible for his good Behaviour, the Justices sPonsil>ility. may inflict a Fine upon the Parent or Guardian or nearest adult Relative as aforesaid, not exceeding Forty Shillings, should it be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the last-mentioned Act of Vagrancy has taken place through the Neglect of the Parent.

VIII. The Time during which any Child shall be lodged in any Certified Industrial School under this Act shall, for all the Purposes of the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, and of every Act incorporated therewith, be excluded in the Computation of the Time therein mentioned.

IX. If the Parent, or in case of an Orphan, if the Guardian or nearest adult Relative, objects to the Certified Industrial School to which the Child has been sent or ordered to be sent, and proposes some other Certified Industrial School, and proves that the Managers of it are willing to receive the Child, and, if on any other than Religious Ground, pays or finds good Security to pay any Expenses which may be incurred in consequence of his Objection, any Justice of the County where the Child was taken into Custody shall order (Form D.) the Child to be sent to the Certified Industrial School proposed by the Parent or Guardian or nearest adult Relative as aforesaid.

X. In

Time passed in Industrial School to be excluded in Computation of Time under

9 & 10 Vict. c. 66.

Parent may (under Conditions) have Child sent to a School which he approves.

Book to be kept in which Religious Denomination of Children to be entered $

Certain Hours to be fixed for Visits of Clergymen.

Duplicate of Order to be given to Managers, to be sufficient for Detention of Child.

On Application of Parent, &c., Child may be discharged from School.

Child may $} be discharged on good Security being found.

Child not to be detained beyond the Age of Fifteen.

On Application of Manager, the Parent may be summoned, and ordered to pay according to his Ability.

Industrial Schools.

X. In every Industrial School a Book shall be kept by the Managers, to which Access shall be had at all reasonable Hours, in which the Religious Denomination of the Child when admitted to the Industrial School shall be entered; and it shall be lawful, upon the Representation of the Parent, or in case of an Orphan, then of the Guardian or nearest adult Relative, of any Inmate placed in such Industrial School under the Provisions of this Act, for a Minister of the Religious Persuasion of the Inmate of such Industrial School, at certain fixed Hours of the Day, which shall be fixed by the Managers for the Purpose, to visit such Schools for the Purpose of affording Religious Assistance to such Inmate, and also for the Purpose of instructing such Inmate in the Principles of his Religion.

XI. A Duplicate of the Order under which any Child is in pursuance of this Act ordered to be sent to a Certified Industrial School shall be sent to the Managers thereof, and shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Detention of the Child.

XII. On the Application of the Parent, or in case of an Orphan, then of the Guardian or nearest adult Relative, or of the Managers, any Justices of the County in which the School is situate, or of the County where such Parent resides, if satisfied that a suitable Employment in Life has been provided for the Child, or that there is otherwise sufficient Cause, may discharge (Form E.) the Child from the Certified Industrial School before the full Expiration of the Period for which he has been sent there, or may order his Removal from one Certified Industrial School to another (Form F.), or may order him to be discharged altogether.

XIII. On good Security being at any Time found by the Parent or by any other Person, any Justices of the County in which the Certified Industrial School to which the Child has been sent is situate or of the County where such Parent resides shall order (Form G.) the Child to be discharged therefrom; provided always, that the Security shall be in such Amount as the Justices determine, or may be rejected by them altogether, on its being proved to their Satisfaction that Security for the Child has at any Time and under any Circumstances been previously rejected or forfeited.

XIV. No Person shall be detained in any Certified Industrial School under this Act beyond the Age of Fifteen Years against his Consent.

XV. Any Justices of the County in which the Certified Industrial School to which the Child has been sent is situate, or in which the Parent is residing, may, upon the Complaint of the Managers, summon the Parent, and examine into his Circumstances, and in their Discretion may order him (Form H.) to pay to such Managers, or to any Person authorized by them from Time to Time to receive it, a weekly Sum

not

Industrial Schools.

not exceeding Three Shillings, until the Child attains the Age of Fifteen Years, or is lawfully discharged; and on default of Payment for the Space of Fourteen Days the like Proceedings may be taken for enforcing and recovering the same as are herein-after provided for the enforcing and recovering of any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act.

XVI. The Parent or the Managers may at any Time apply to any Justices of the County in which the Certified Industrial School is situate, or in which the Parent is residing, for an Order to diminish the Amount of the weekly Sum payable by the Parent, or to increase it to an Amount not exceeding Three Shillings per Week; and the Justices, on Proof that the Parent or the Managers have given to each other (as the Case may be) not less than One Week's Notice in Writing of the intended Application, and of the Time and Place of hearing the same, shall make full Inquiry into the Matter, and may diminish or increase the Amount of the weekly Sum payable by the Parent, as they think fit, or may release him from such Payment altogether (Forms I. and K.)

XVII. The Managers may, at their Discretion, permit any Child to sleep or lodge at the Dwelling of his Parent, or of any trustworthy and respectable Person, and may also, at their Discretion, revoke such Permission; provided always, that they shall continue to board and feed the Child in all respects as if he were lodging in the Certified Industrial School.

XVIII. If any Child, whether lodging in the School or elsewhere, before attaining the Age of Fifteen Years, or being duly discharged, wilfully absconds from the School, or neglects his Attendance thereat, any Justice of the County in which the Certified Industrial School is situate, or in which the Child is re-taken, may, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, order him to be sent back to the School, and to be detained there until he attains the Age of Fifteen Years, or for such shorter Period as the Justices think fit.

XIX. Any Person who directly or indirectly withdraws a Child from the Certified Industrial School to which he has been sent, or induces him to abscond therefrom, previous to his attaining the Age of Fifteen Years, or being duly discharged, or who knowingly conceals or harbours him, or in any way prevents his Return, shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds, to be recovered by summary Proceedings before Two Justices in or near the Place where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender may at the Time being happen to be, in manner provided by the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three.

XX. The leaving of any Summons or Notice or Order authorized to be issued or made by any Justices under this Act at the usual

4 C or

Parents Payment may be diminished or increased.

Power to Managers to permit Children to sleep out of School.

Children absconding, &c. may be sent back to the School.

Penalties on Persons inducing Children to abscond, &c. or harbouring them.

Service of Notices.

286 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 48.

Industrial Schools.

or last known Place of Abode of the Party to whom the same respectively is directed shall in every Case be deemed a good and sufficient Service thereof.

Guardians XXI. The Guardians of any Union or any Parish wherein the tractvrith Relief to the Poor is administered by a Board of Guardians may, if

Managers, they deem proper, with Consent of the Poor Law Board, contract

with the Managers of any Certified Industrial School for the Maintenance and Education of any Pauper Child.

What is sufficient Evidence as to Certificate of School, Identity of Child, and making of Orders.

XXII. Whenever it shall be necessary to prove that any Industrial School is duly certified or sanctioned under this Act, the Production of an attested Copy of the Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence thereof; and the Production of an original Duplicate of the Order under which any Child has been sent to or is detained in any Certified Industrial School under this Act, or a Copy of such Order with a Memorandum signed by the Manager or Superintendent, or Master or Matron of any such School, that the young Person named in such Order was duly received into and is at the signing thereof detained in such School, or has been otherwise disposed of according to Law, and the Production of an original Duplicate of any Order made upon the Parent under this Act, or a Copy thereof certified by the Clerk to the Justices making the same to be a correct Copy, shall in all Proceedings whatsoever be sufficient Evidence of the due making and signing of all or any of such Orders, Memorandum, and Certificate respectively, and of the sending, Detention, and Identity of the Child or Parent named in such Orders respectively, without Proof of the Signatures or official Characters of the Justices or other Persons appearing to have signed the same respectively.

Committee of Education to give Notice of certified Schools.

XXIII. Whenever the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council on Education shall at any Time grant a Certificate under this Act to any Industrial School, they shall within One Calendar Month cause a Notice thereof to be published in the London, and such

Publication shall be a sufficient Evidence of the Fact of such Industrial

School having been certified to justify any Justices to commit any Child thereto, subject to the Provisions of this Act; and whenever the Committee shall withdraw the Certificate granted to any Industrial School, they shall within One Calendar Month give Notice of such Withdrawal in the said Gazette.

Forms in XXIV. The several Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be used. or any Forms to the like Effect, shall in all Cases be sufficient;

provided always, that any Summons, Notice, or Order shall not be invalidated for Want of Form only.

Extent of XXV. This Act shall not extend to Ireland or Scotland.

Act.

Industrial

SCHEDULES.

, (A.)

Notice by Police to Parent, , fyc. c. Child being in Custody,

To C.B. of the Parish of in the County of

I hereby give you Notice, pursuant to Section 5 of the " Industrial Schools Act, 1857," that a Child named A.B., apparently about Years of Age, the Son of [or who has been residing with] you the said C.B., has been taken into Custody for having been on the Day of in the Parish of in

the said County of found [in the Words of the

Local or General Act], and that the Matter will be inquired into on the Day of, at otClock in the

Forenoon, at, before such Justices of the Peace for the said County as may then be there, who may make such Order on you the said C.B., to be dealt with according to the said Act, as they may think fit; the said A.B. is in the meantime detained in the at, by the Order of a Justice of the Peace.

Dated this Day of 185 .

* hr fj f Constable, Inspector, or Superintendent of Police of

(B.)

Form of Assurance of Parent for good Behaviour of Child.

Whereas a Child named A.B., the Son of C.D., has been proved a Vagrant; I C.D. hereby undertake to be responsible for the good Behaviour of the said Child for the Period of Months

from the Day of the Date thereof.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 48.

Industrial Schools.

(C.)

Order sending Child to Industrial School.

1 To the Constable of and to the Managers of

to wit. J the Certified Industrial School at:

Whereas a certain Child named A.B., about Years of

Age, was this Day brought before us, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of, for that he, on the

Day of, at, was found in the Act of Vagrancy [or, as,

the Case may be in Section 5.]: And whereas we have made full Inquiry into the Matter, pursuant to the "Industrial Schools Act, 1857," and no satisfactory Assurance has been given for the future proper Care and good Behaviour of the said Child: Now therefore we, the said Justices, do, pursuant to Section 6. of the said Act, order you, the said Constable, to take the said Child, and him safely convey to the Certified Industrial School as aforesaid, and there to deliver him, together with this Order; and -we do hereby command you the said Managers (it appearing to tis that you are willing to receive him therein) to receive the said Child into your Charge in the said School, and there to detain, educate, and train him for the Period of from the Date hereof.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

at in the County aforesaid.

[Signatures and Seals of .]

(D.)

Second Order changing School.

To the Managers of the Certified Industrial School

at and to the Managers of the

Certified Industrial School at:

Whereas a certain Child named A.B., about Years of

Age, was on the Day of, by the Order of, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of, pursuant to the " Industrial Schools

Act, 1857," taken to the Certified Industrial School at

, there to be detained for the Period of from the said Day of, and he is now detained therein

[if so]: And whereas C.B., according to the Provisions of the said Act

Industrial Schools.

Act entitled to object has objected to the said School, and has proposed the Certified Industrial School

at, and proved to me the undersigned,

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of, where the Child was taken into Custody, that the Managers of the Certified Industrial School at

are willing to receive the said Child, and the said C.D. has also complied with the other Conditions of Section 9* of the said Act: These are therefore, pursuant to Section 9* of the said Act, to order you the said Managers of the Certified

Industrial School atto deliver up the said Child forthwith

to the Certified Industrial School at; and you

the said Managers of the said last-mentioned School are hereby required to receive the said Child into your Charge in the said School, and there to detain, educate, and train him for the Period of from the Day of

Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of,

at in the County aforesaid.

J.S. (l.s.)

(E.)

Order for Discharge of Child on Employment being found for him.

To the Managers of the Certified Industrial School

at:

Whereas a certain Child named A.B., about Years of Age,

was on the Day of, by the Order of Two

of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of,

made pursuant to the " Industrial Schools Act, 1857," taken to the Certified Industrial School at, there to be

detained for the Period of from the said Day

of and he is now detained therein:* And whereas it

appears to us, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in which the School is situate [or in which the

Parent or Guardian or nearest adult Relative of the said Child resides], that suitable Employment in Life has been provided for the said Child [or there appears to us, &c. sufficient Cause for the Discharge of the said Child]: These are therefore, pursuant to Section

12. of the said Act, to command you, the said Managers, forthwith to discharge the said Child and to deliver him into the Charge of, who brings this Order.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of,

at in the County aforesaid.

[Signatures and Seals of .]

4. D

m

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 48.

Industrial Schools.

Order changing School on Assurance being given for future good

Behaviour.

To the Managers of the Certified Industrial School

at, and to the Managers of the

Certified Industrial School at

[Proceed to the Asterisk* in the Form (E.), and then: And whereas it appears to us desirable that the said Child should be removed from the said Certified Industrial School to the said Certified Industrial School (the Managers of which said last-mentioned School being willing to receive the said Child therein): These are therefore, pursuant to Section 12. of the said Act, to order you the said Managers of the Certified

Industrial School atto deliver up the said Child forthwith to the Certified Industrial School, or to any Person authorized by them to receive the Child, at;

and you the said Managers of the said last-mentioned School are hereby required to receive the said Child into your Charge in the said School, and there to detain, educate, and train him for the Period of from the Day of

Given under our Handsand Seals this Day of

, at in the County aforesaid.

[Justices Signatures and Seals.1

(G.)

Order for Discharge of Child on Security given for future good

Behaviour.

[Proceed to the Asterisk in the Form (E.), and then ]: And whereas good Security has been found before us, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of, in which the School is situate [or in which the Parent or Guardian or nearest adult Relative of the said Child resides], for the future good Behaviour of the said Child*: These are therefore, pursuant to Section 13. of the said Act, to command you, the said Managers, forthwith to discharge the said Child, and to deliver him into the Charge of, who brings this Order.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of,

at in the County aforesaid.

[Signatures and Seals of Justices.'] ----:---- 1__________

Industrial Schools.

(H.)

Order on Parent to *pay weekly Sum to Managers of School.

To C.B. of in the county of , Carpenter:

Be it remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of our Lord 185, at in the County of

a certain Complaint of E.F., One of the Managers of the Certified Industrial School at, made under Section 14.

of the " Industrial Schools Act, 1857," for that by a certain Order of Justices bearing Date the Day of, a

certain Child named A.B., of the Age of Years, was sent

to and is now detained in the said Certified Industrial School pursuant to the said Act, and that the said Child is the Son of the said C.B.

[or was, at the Time of his Removal to the said School, residing with the said C.B.], was duly heard by and before us, the undersigned, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of, (wherein the said School is situate,

or wherein the said C.B. is residing,) in the Presence and Hearing of the said C.B.

[if so, or the said C.B. not appearing to the Summons duly issued and served in this Behalf]; and we, having duly examined into the Circumstances of the said C.B., do, pursuant to Section 14. of the said Act, order the said C.B., weekly and every Week from the Day of, to pay to the Managers

of the said Certified Industrial School, or to such Person as the said Managers may from Time to Time authorize to receive the same, the Sum of Shillings for the Maintenance, Clothing,

Education, Care, and Training of the said Child, until the said Child shall attain the Age of Fifteen Years, or shall be lawfully discharged from the said School.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of,

at in the County aforesaid.

[Justices Signatures and Seals."]

(10

Order diminishing or increasing weekly Payment by Parent.

To C.B. of, and to the Managers of the

Certified Industrial School at:

Whereas by a certain Order of [us, the undersigned, if so,] Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of,

made on the Day of, pursuant to Section 14.

of

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 48.

Industrial

of the " Industrial Schools Act, 1857," [we,] the said Justices, ordered that you, the said (7.2?., should weekly and every Week pay to the Managers of the said School the Sum of for the

Maintenance, Clothing, Education, Care, and Training of a certain Child named A.B. (who is the Son of [or who had been residing with] you, the said C.B.) and who had been theretofore duly sent to and was then and now is detained in the said Certified Indus* trial School for the Period therein mentioned *: Now therefore we, the said Justices, seeing Cause to diminish [or increase] the Amount of the said weekly Payment, do order, pursuant to Section 15. of the said Act, that the said weekly Payment to be made by you the said C.B. to you the said Managers shall, from the Day of

, be the Sum of per Week, and no more.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of,

at in the County aforesaid.

[Justices Signatures and Sleofe.]

(K.)

Order releasing Parent from Payment altogether.

[Proceed as in Form (I.) to the Asterisk *, and then say:] Now therefore we, the said Justices, seeing Cause to release the said C.B. from the said weekly Payment altogether, do order, pursuant to Section 15. of the said Act, that you, the said C.B., shall be released altogether from the Payment of the aforesaid weekly Sum to the said Managers from the Day of

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

at in the County aforesaid.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Banking Companies.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Copartnerships and Companies carrying on the Business of Banking, and herein-after included under the Term Banking Companies: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, aftd by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Joint Stock Banking Companies Act, 1857."

II. The Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, shall be deemed to be incorporated with and to form Part of this Act.

Registration of existing Banking Companies.

III. The Second Section of the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, shall be repealed so far as relates to Persons associated together for 4 E the

[Short Title.]

Joint Stock Companies Acts to be incorporated with this Act.

Sect. 2. of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 47. repealed.

Banking Companies required to register under this Act-

Penalty on Neglect to register.

Banking Companies permitted to register under this Act.

20" & 21" VICTORIES, Cap. 49.

Banking.

the Purpose of Banking, subject to this Proviso, that no existing or future Banking Company shall be registered as a Limited Company.

IV. Every Banking Company consisting of Seven or more Persons, and formed under the Acts following, or either of them, that is to say,

(1.) An Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and intituled An Act to regulate Joint Stock Banks England,

(2.) An Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-five, and intituled An Act to regulate Joint Stock Banks in Scotland and Ireland, shall, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, register itself as a Company under this Act.

V. If any Banking Company hereby required to register under this Act makes default in registering on or before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, then, from and after such Day, until the Day on which such Company is registered under this Act, the following Consequences shall ensue; (that is to say, );

(1.) The Company shall be incapable of suing either at Law or in Equity, but shall not be incapable of being made a Defendant to a Suit either at Law or in Equity .:

(2.) No Dividend shall be payable to any Shareholder in such Company:

(3.) Each Director or Manager of the Company shall for each Day during which the Company is in default incur a Penalty of Five Pounds, and such Penalty may be recovered by any Person, whether a Shareholder or not in the Company, and be applied by him to his own Use:

Nevertheless such Default shall not render the Company so being in default illegal, nor subject it to any Penalty or Disability, other than as specified in this Section.

VI. Any Banking Company, consisting of Seven or more Persons, having a Capital of fixed Amount and divided into Shares also of fixed Amount, legally carrying on the Business of Banking previously to the passing of this Act, and not being a Company hereby required to be registered, may at any Time hereafter, with the Assent of a Majority of such of its Shareholders as may have been present in Person, or in Cases where Proxies are allowed by the Regulations of the Company, by Proxy, at some General Meeting summoned for the Purpose, register itself as a Company other than a Limited Company

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 49. 295

Banking.

pony under this Act, and when so registered all such Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, Letters Patent, or Deed of Settlement constituting or regulating the Company, as are inconsistent with the Joint Stock Companies; Acts, 1856, 1857, or with this Act, shall no longer apply to the Company so registered; but such Registration shall not take away or affect any Powers previously enjoyed by such Company of Banking, issuing Notes payable on Demand, or of doing any other Thing.

VII. No Fees shall be payable in respect of the Registration under Existing

this Act of any Banking Company existing at the Time of the passing of this Act. Fees.

VIII. The Registration under this Act of any Banking Company Registration existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, and hereby required c^0tthis or authorized to be registered, shall not affect or prejudice the to affect Liability of such Company to have enforced against it or its Right Obligations to enforce any Debt or Obligation incurred, or any Contract entered previously to into by, to, with, or on account of such Company, previously to such Registration. Registration, and all such Debts, Obligations, and Contracts shall be binding on the Company when so registered, and the other Parties thereto, to the same Extent a» if such Registration had not taken place.

IX. Every Person who at or previously to the Date of the Re- Saving of gistration under this Act of any Banking Company hereby required

or authorized to be registered may have held Shares in such Company holding shall, in the event of the same being wound up by the Court or voluntarily, be liable to contribute to the Assets of the Company tration under the same Amount that he would if this Act had not been passed Act-have been liable to pay to the Company, or for or on account of any Debt of the Company in pursuance of any Action, Suit, Judgment, or other legal Proceeding that might, if this Act had not been passed, have been instituted or enforced against himself or the Company.

X. All such Actions, Suits, and other legal Proceedings as may Continua-at the Time of the Registration under this Act of any Company Actions" hereby required or authorized to be registered have been commenced and Suita, by or against such Company or the Public Officer thereof may be continued in the same Manner as if such Registration had not taken

place; nevertheless Execution shall not issue against the Effects of any individual Shareholder in or Member of such Company upon any Judgment, Decree, or Order obtained against such Company in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding so commenced as aforesaid; but, in

the

Banking.

Certain Acts not to apply to Companies registered under this Act or Acts incorporated herewith.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 113. and 9 & 10 Vict. c. 75. repealed.

the event of the Property and Effects of the Company being insufficient to satisfy such Judgment, Decree, or Order, an Order may be obtained for winding up the Company in manner directed by the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857 *

Winding up of the Banking Companies.

XI. The following Acts, that is to say,

(1.) The Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-five,

(2.) The Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight,

(3.) The Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven,

(4.) The Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-eight, shall not apply to Companies registered under this Act or under the Acts incorporated herewith or either of them; and all Companies so registered shall be wound up in manner directed by the said incorporated Acts.

Repeal.

XII. The above-mentioned Acts, that is to say,

The said Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and The said Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-five,

shall forthwith be repealed as respects any Banking Company to be formed hereafter, and shall, from and after such Time as any Company formed in pursuance of such Acts or either of them may have registered as a Company under this Act, but not before, be repealed as respects the Company so registered; and the Articles of Table B. in the Schedule annexed to the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, relating to " Shares," to " Transmission of Shares," and to " Forfeiture of Shares," and numbered from One to Nineteen, both inclusive, shall, from and after such Time as last aforesaid, but subject to the Power of Alteration conferred by the Joint Stock. Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, be deemed to be Regulations of any Company formed in pursuance of the said Acts passed in the Eighth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty; nevertheless such Repeal shall not affect any Penalty, Forfeiture, or other Punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any Offence against any Acts hereby repealed committed before such Repeal comes into operation; and notwithstanding anything contained in the said Act of the Eighth

Year

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 49.

j Banking.

Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, or in any other Act, it shall be lawful for any Number of Persons, not exceeding Ten, to carry on in Partnership the Business of Banking in the same Manner and upon the same Conditions in all respects as any Company, if not more than Six Persons, could before the passing of this Act have carried on such Business.

Formation of new Banking

XIII. Seven or more Persons associated for the Purpose of Banking may register themselves under this Act as a Company other than a Limited Company, subject to this Condition, that the Shares into which the Capital of the Company is divided shall not be of less Amount than One hundred Pounds each; but not more than Ten Persons shall after the passing of this Act, unless registered as a Company under this Act, form themselves into a Partnership for the Purpose of Banking, or if so formed carry on the Business of Banking.

Examination of Affairs in Company.

XIV. No Appointment of Inspectors to examine into the Affairs of any Banking Company shall be made by the Board of Trade, in pursuance of the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, except upon the Application of One Third at the least in Number and Value of the Shareholders in such Company.

Nineteenth Section of Joint Stock Companies Act not to apply.

XV. The Nineteenth Section of the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, shall not apply to any Banking Company in Scotland registered under this Act.

Transfer of Trust Property.

XVI. All such Estate or Interest in Real and Personal Property in England and Ireland, and in Property, Heritable and Moveable, in Scotland, and all such Deeds, Bonds, Obligations, and Rights as may belong to or be vested in any Person or Persons in trust for any Banking Company at the Date of its Registration under this Act, or in trust for any other Company at the Date of its Registration under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, shall immediately on Registration vest in such Banking or other Company; but no Merger shall take place of any Estates by reason of their uniting in the Company under this Section, without the express Consent of the Company, certified by some Instrument under their Common Seal.

4 F Banking

New

Banking

Companies.

One Third in Number and Value of Shareholders to apply for Inspectors.

Sect. 19. of 19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. c. 47. not applicable to Companies in Scotland.

Transfer of Trust Property to Company.

Banking.

Banking Companies not registered as such.

Liability of XVII. I£ through Inadvertence or otherwise, a Company that is Company fact a Banking Company has, previously to the passing of this that is not Act, been registered as a Limited Company under. the Joint Stock

2*5* Companies Act, 1856, or if, through Inadvertence or otherwise, a

Company that is in fact a Banking Company is hereafter registered under the said Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, as a Limited Company, any Company so registered shall not be illegal, nor shall the Registration thereof be invalid, but it shall be subject to the following Liabilities; that is to say,

(1.) Any Creditor or Member of the Company may petition the Court to have it wound up, and the Fact of its being registered as a Limited Company shall of itself be a sufficient Circumstance on which an Order shall be made for winding up the same:

(2.) In the event of such Company being wound up the Contributories shall, whether the Company is or not registered as a Limited Company, be liable to contribute to the Assets of the Company to an Amount sufficient to pay its Debts, and the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of winding up the same.

Saving Clauses.

Exemption XVIII. The Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, shall not

existing apply to any Banking Company legally carrying on the Business of

Banking Banking previously to the passing of this Act, and not hereby required from PJolnt to registered, until such Time as such Company registers itself

Stock Com- under this Act, in pursuance of the Power hereby given in that Behalf, panics Acts.

Not to affect XIX. Nothing herein contained shall affect an Act passed in the P-^onsof Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and intituled An c, 32. and Act to regulate the Issue of Bank, and for giving to the c %8 V*Ct Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges for a limited Period, or an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, intituled An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Scotland, or any other Act relating to the Issue or Circulation of Bank Notes.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

a

CAP. L.

An Act to amend the Acts concerning Municipal Corporations in England.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by Section Seventy-five of the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six," to provide " for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and " Wales" it was provided, that the Trustees appointed under any Act of Parliament for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with Water, and improving any Borough named in One of the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to the Act now in recital, or Part thereof, might if it should seem to them expedient transfer all the Powers vested in them as such Trustees by any such Act to the Body Corporate of such Borough, and the Body Corporate of such Borough should thenceforth be Trustee for executing by the Council of such Borough the several Powers and Provisions of any such Act of Parliament; provided always, that no such Transfer should be made of the Powers vested by virtue of the Acts mentioned in Schedule (E.) to the Act now in recital which relate to the Town of Cambridge without the Consent of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Construction of the said Section, and it is expedient to amend the same as herein-after provided: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 4 G Spiritual

6

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 50.

Municipal Corporations.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Section 75. of I. The herein-before recited Enactment shall be repealed, save so

* R6 4' far as relates to any Transfer made thereunder before the passing of this Act.

II. The Trustees appointed or acting by or under any Act of Parliament for paving, lighting, supplying with Water or Gas, or cleansing, watching, regulating, or improving, or for providing or TtnBtecsfor maintaining a Cemetery or Market in or for any Borough named in maylso, on One of the said Schedules to the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth of aCharter of William the Fourth, or to which a Charter of Incorporation has Incorpora- been since the passing of such Act or shall be hereafter granted 5 6*4 under the Provisions of the said Act or otherwise, or any Part

c. 76., trans- of any such Borough, and whether the Powers of such Trustees BodT^Co un^er any su°h Act do or do not extend beyond the Limits of porate of the such Borough, may, if it seem to them expedient, at a Meeting Borough. to be called for that Purpose, transfer to the Body Corporate of such Borough all the Rights, Powers, Estates, Property, and Liabilities of such Trustees under any such Act as aforesaid, and such Transfer shall be made in Writing under the Common Seal of the said Trustees if they be a Corporation, or, if not a Corporation, then by Deed executed by the Trustees or any Two of them acting by the Authority of and on behalf of all such Trustees; and upon any such Transfer being so made the Body Corporate to whom such Transfer is made shall become and be Trustee for executing by the - Council of the Borough the several Powers and Provisions of any such Act as aforesaid, and all the Rights, Powers, Estates, and Property vested in the Trustees making such Transfer shall vest in such Body Corporate, and all the Liabilities and Obligations of the said Trustees shall stand transferred to and be borne by such Body Corporate, and the said Trustees shall be freed and discharged from all such Liabilities and Obligations, but nothing herein contained shall authorize any such Transfer in the Case of the Town of Cambridge without the Consent required by the said recited Enactment.

No Transfer

III. Provided always, That no such Transfer as aforesaid shall be withouta6 made or take effect unless and until the Council of the Borough have Resolution of resolved, at a Meeting of such Council holden and convened in manner Counc°il°Ugl1 reared by the said Act of William the Fourth, to accept the same.

Confirmation IV, Where under the herein-before recited Enactment the Trustees mder*118^8 under any such Act of Parliament as therein mentioned have trans-5 & 6 W. 4. ferred to the Body Co rporate of any Borough the Powers vested in

pealed.

Powers, Property, and Liabilities of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 50.

Municipal Corporations.

such Trustees under such Act, and the Transfer so made purports to extend to the Estates and Property vested in such Trustees, and their Liabilities and Obligations on any of such Matters, the Transfer so made shall be deemed to have been authorized by the said Enactment.

V. Whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament

holden in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-six, intituled An Act for the more speedy Return and levying of F, , and,

and Recognizances estreated, certain Duties are imposed upon the Town Clerks of Cities, Boroughs, or Places in England: From and after the passing of this Act all Duties imposed upon Town Clerks by such Act shall be performed by the Clerks of the Peace for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Offices of Town Clerk and Clerk of the Peace are not united in the same Person; and such Clerks of the Peace are hereby required to make all Returns, issue all Processes, and do and perform all other Acts which are imposed upon Town Clerks by the said recited Act.

VI. Whereas by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-eight '," to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," it was enacted, that in every Borough in which by reason of any Neglect or Informality a new Burgess Roll of the said Borough shall not have been made in any Year within the Time directed by the said Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, the Burgess Roll which was in force before the Time appointed for the Revision shall continue in force until such new Burgess Roll shall have been duly made: And whereas the said recited Enactment applies only to any Borough in which a new Burgess Roll shall not have been made as therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to provide as to any Borough consisting of more Parishes than One, wholly or in part within any Borough in which a new Burgess Roll shall have been made out, but in which the Burgess List or Lists of One or more of such Parishes wholly or in part within such Borough shall have been omitted: Be it enacted, That in every Borough consisting of more Parishes than One wholly or in part within such Borough in which by reason of any Neglect or Informality a Burgess List of any Parish or of Parts of any Parish within such Borough shall not have been made out in any Year, or in case such Burgess List shall not have been revised as required by the said Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, so much of the Burgess Roll which was in force before the Time appointed for the Revision as contains

the

of Property and Liabilities.

All Duties imposed > upon Town Clerks of Boroughs, &c. by the Act 3 Gr. 4» c. 46. to be performed by the Clerks of the Peace.

In Boroughs consisting of more than One Parish, in case the Burgess Roll for any Parish not made out in any Year, previous Burgess Roll to continue in for) for such Parish.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 50.

Municipal Corporations.

the Names of the Burgesses entitled to vote in respect of Property -within such Parish or Part of Parish shall continue in force, and be taken to be the List of Burgesses entitled to vote in respect of such Property until a Burgess List for such Parish or Part of Parish shall have been revised and become Part of the Burgess Roll.

Overseers VII. Whereas by the Fifteenth Section of the Act to provide for to make^ut Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales Burgess Boll it was enacted, that on the Fifth Day of September in every Year First Dayrf Overseers of the Poor of every Parish wholly or in part within September any Borough shall make out a List, to be called " the Burgess List," Tear6*7 according to the Provisions therein contained, and shall deliver the same to the Town Clerk of the Borough on the said Fifth Day of September in every Year, and shall keep a true Copy of such Lists, to be perused without Payment of any Fee at all reasonable Hours between the Fifth and Fifteenth Days of September in every Year, and that the Town Clerk shall forthwith cause Copies of all Overseers Lists so delivered to him to be printed, and shall cause a Copy of all such Lists to be published as therein provided on every Day during the Week next preceding the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year: And whereas it has been found in populous Boroughs that the several Matters so required to be done by the Town Clerk cannot be duly carried into effect within the Time so specified m that Behalf: Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish wholly or in part within any Borough shall, on or before the First Day of September in every Year, instead of on the Fifth Day of September, make out a List, to be called the Burgess List, according to the Provisions in the said recited Section contained, and shall, on or before the said First Day of September in every Year, instead of on the Fifth Day of

tember, deliver the same to the Town Clerk of the Borough, and shall keep a true Copy of such Lists, to be perused by any Person without Payment of any Fee at all reasonable Hours between the First and Fifteenth Days of September in every Year, instead of between the Fifth and Fifteenth Days of September.

Acta to be VIII. The said Act of King William the Fourth and this Act shall aTone^ be construed together as One Act.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORI.* REGIN*.

An Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of

WHEREAS by an Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand passed in the Twentieth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Loan of Five hundred thousand Pounds for the Public Service of the Colony of New Zealand, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to be an Agent or Agents in England for the Purpose of raising and managing the Loan or Loans proposed to be raised under and by virtue of that Act, and that such Agent or Agents should have full Power and Authority to borrow and raise in Great Britain, by Bonds, Debentures, or otherwise, such Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them should, at the Request of the Governor or Officer administering the Government of the Colony of New Zealand, from Time to Time determine and direct; and that every Bond, Debenture, or other Security granted under that Act should bear Interest after a Rate not exceeding Four Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, should be for such Sum and in such Form, should be signed on behalf of the said Colony, and should be transferable and negotiable in such Manner,

CAP. LI.

New Zealand.

4 H

as

306

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 51.

Sums borrowed under recited Act of General Assembly of New Zealand not exceeding 500,000l.

New Zealand Loan Guarantee.

as such Agent or Agents should prescribe, and that the Interest on every such Bond, Debenture, or other Security should be payable at such Times and Place in London as should be fixed and named for that Purpose in such Bond, Debenture, or other Security; and that all Sums of Money borrowed and raised under the Authority of that Act, and Interest thereon, should be made a First Charge upon the General Revenue of the Colony of New Zealand; and that the Money to be borrowed under the Authority of the said Act should be applied, in such Manner as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them should from Time to Time direct and appoint, to the several Purposes specified and set forth in the Schedule to that Act; and that the Principal Sums so to be borrowed and raised as aforesaid should be made payable and repaid at the Expiration of Thirty Years from the several Days on which they should respectively be borrowed and raised as aforesaid; and that for the Purpose of paying the said Interest and providing a Sinking Fund for the Liquidation of the Principal there should be paid yearly out of the general Revenue of the Colony, to such Persons as Her Majesty should appoint, such Sum as should be equal to Six per Cent, per Annum on the Total of the Principal from Time to Time borrowed, and after paying the Interest thereout as the same should from Time to Time become due the Balance thereof should be set apart as a Sinking Fund, and should be invested by such Person or Persons in the Purchase of such Securities as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty Treasury or any Three of them should from Time to Time direct, and should be increased by Accumulation in the way of Compound Interest or otherwise; and for the Purposes of that Act the general Revenue of the Colony of New Zealand should be deemed and taken to include all the Revenue which should arise from Duties of Import and Export, from Post Office Receipts, and Supreme Court Fees, from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown, and from all Taxes, Duties, Rates, and Imposts levied or to be levied by virtue of any Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand: And whereas it is expedient to guarantee as herein-after mentioned the Payment of the Sums to be borrowed under the said Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand, with Interest thereon not exceeding the Rate in the said Act limited: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Liquidation of all such Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, as shall be borrowed and raised in Great Britain under the said recited Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, together with the Interest thereon not exceeding

the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 51.

307

New Zealand, Loan Guarantee.

the yearly Rate of Four Pounds for One hundred Pounds, shall be and Interest guaranteed under this Act; and for giving Effect to such Guarantee und^tMs* it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury Act. to direct and cause to be issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland such Sums as shall be required to make good any Deficiency which shall happen in the regular Payment, on the Part of New Zealand, of the Interest accruing due upon such Sums as shall be borrowed as aforesaid, or in the Liquidation of the Principal Sums when the same shall become payable.

II. All the Sums which shall be so issued and paid out of the said Advances Consolidated Fund in respect of the Interest of the Sums borrowed as ndlted^Fund aforesaid, or the Liquidation of the Principal Sums, with Interest to be charged upon the Sums so issued after the yearly Rate of Five Pounds for of NewCnUeS One hundred Pounds, to be computed from the several Times of Zealand, issuing the same, shall be charged upon the general Revenues of the

Colony of New Zealand, including all the Revenue which is deemed to be included therein for the Purposes of the said recited Act of Assembly.

III. No Act passed by the Legislature of New Zealand in anywise No Act of discharging or varying the Security expressed to be given by the said ^rying^he'1 recited Act of Assembly, upon the Revenue arising from the Duties Security for of Import and Export, and from the Disposal of Waste Lands of Arrowed7 the Crown, for the Repayment of the Sums of Money borrowed and Interest

under such Act, and the Interest thereon, shall be valid, unless such to , be valld

7 % % unless con-

Act contain a Clause suspending the Operation of the same until firmed by Her Majesty's Pleasure shall have been taken thereon, and the same shall have been confirmed by Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, and a Proclamation of such Confirmation having been given shall have been made by the Governor or Person administering the Government of the said Colony.

IV. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Certificate of Time to Time certify to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries Conso^ of State the Amount so paid from Time to Time on account of the lidated Fund Interest or Principal of the Sums borrowed as aforesaid; and such New'zea-Certificate shall be communicated to the Governor or Person adminis- land, tering the Government of New Zealand, and shall be by him communicated to the General Assembly of the said Colony; and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of the Amount so paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, and of the Time when the same was paid on account of the Interest or Principal of the Sums so borrowed.

V. The

308

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 31.

New Zealand Loan Guarantee.

V. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days next after the Beginning of every Session, an Account of all Sums from Time to Time issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom by virtue of this Act towards making good any such Deficiency as aforesaid, and also an Account of all Sums repaid by or recovered from New Zealand by reason of such Advance, with the Interest paid or recovered thereon.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LII.

An Act for discharging Claims of the New Zealand Company on the Proceeds of Sales of Waste Lands in Neiv Zealand.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twelve, intituled Act to 'promote Colonization in New Zealand, and to authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company, it was enacted (by Section Nineteen), that if the Directors of the New Zealand Company should give Notice to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State within Three Calendar Months next after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, by any Instrument under the Seal of the Company, that they were ready to surrender the Charters of the Company to Her Majesty, and all Claim and Title to the Lands granted or awarded to them in the Colony of New Zealand, all the Powers and Privileges of the Company, except such as should be necessary for enabling the Directors to receive the several Sums of Money therein-after mentioned and to distribute the same among the Shareholders and other Persons entitled thereunto, and for enabling the Directors to adjust and close the Affairs of the Company, should cease and determine, and all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the Company in the Colony should thereupon revert to and become vested in Her Majesty, as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, subject, nevertheless, to any Contracts which should be then subsisting in regard to any of the Lands, and upon the Condition of satisfying any Liabilities to which the Company might then be liable under their existing Engagements with reference to the Settlement 4 I at

10 & 11 Vict. c. 112.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 52.

New Zealand Company's Claims.

at Nelson, or any Liabilities of the Company which during the Suspension of the Instructions therein referred to should have been contracted by them, with the Consent of the Special Commissioner provided for by the now reciting Act, and all Claims of the Company to any further Grant of Land should cease; and also (by Section Twenty ) that, upon the Reversion as aforesaid to Her Majesty of the Lands belonging to the Company, all Claim on behalf of Her Majesty, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in respect of either the Loan of One hundred thousand Pounds therein referred to, or the Loan authorized by the now reciting Act, or of so much as should then remain due and unpaid, should be remitted to the Company, and there should be charged and paid to the Company, out of the Proceeds of all future Sales of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New , after deducting the Outlays

for Surveys and the Proportion of such Proceeds which was appropriated to the Purpose of Emigration, the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, being after the Rate of Five Shillings for each Acre of the One million seventy-three thousand four hundred and eighty-three Acres to the Proportion of which the Company were then entitled, including therein Twenty-four thousand four hundred and ninety-one Acres and Half an Acre purchased by the Company within their own Settlements, and then held as their private Estate, with Interest after the yearly Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds upon that Sum, or so much thereof as should from Time to Time remain due and unpaid, to be computed from the Day of the Delivery of such Notice; and also (by Section Twenty-one) that the Receipt by Two of the Directors of the Company, authorized to give such Receipt by any Resolution under the Seal of the Company, should be a sufficient Acknowledgment of the Payment or Advance of any Moneys authorized by the now reciting Act to be paid or advanced to the Company, and that neither the Special Commissioner nor the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury should be bound to see to the due Application of the Moneys, otherwise than is in the now reciting Act provided: And whereas the Notice provided for by Section Nineteen of the recited Act was duly delivered by the Directors of the Company on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and thereupon, under the Provisions of that Act, all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the Company in the Colony reverted to and became vested in Her Majesty, as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New , subject, never-

theless, as by that Act is provided, as herein-before recited: And whereas by an Act of the Session of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth 15 & 16 Vict. Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, intituled An c. 72. Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New

Zealand, it was enacted (by Section Sixty-two), that the Governor of New Zealand should pay out of the Revenue arising from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown (among other Sums) such Sums as might become payable to the Company under the Provisions of

311

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 52.

New Zealand Company's Claims.

of the now reciting Act in respect of the Sale or Alienation of Land; and (by Section Seventy-two) that all Lands wherein the Title of Natives should be extinguished, as therein-after mentioned, and all such other Lands as were described in the first-recited Act as Demense Lands of the Crown, should be deemed and taken to be Waste Lands of the Crown, within the Meaning of the now reciting Act; and (by Section Seventy-four), after reciting that under and by virtue of the first-recited Act and the recited Notice given by the Company in pursuance thereof, the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, with Interest after the yearly Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum upon that Sum, or so much thereof as should from Time to Time remain unpaid, was charged upon and payable to the Company out of the Proceeds of the Sales of the Demense Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, it was enacted, that in respect of all Sales or other Alienations of any Waste Lands of the Crown in New Zealand in Fee Simple, or for any less Estate or Interest (except as therein is excepted), there should be paid to the Company, towards the Discharge of the Principal Sum and Interest charged as aforesaid, in lieu of all and every other Claim of the Company in respect of that Sum, except where otherwise therein-after provided, so long as the same or any Part thereof respectively should remain unpaid, One Fourth Part of the Sum paid by the Purchaser in respect of every such Sale or Alienation: Provided always, that it should be lawful for the Company, by any Resolution of a Majority of the Proprietors of the Company, as therein expressed, to release all or any Part of the Lands from the Moneys or Payments charged thereon by the first-recited Act or the now reciting Act, or any Part of such Moneys or Payments, either absolutely or upon any Terms or Conditions, as such Proprietors might think fit: And whereas divers Payments, amounting in the whole to One hundred and two thousand seven hundred and three Pounds, or thereabouts, have been made to the Company on account of the Sum so charged and the Interest thereon: And whereas the Company are willing to accept the immediate Payment of a Sum less than the Residue now unpaid of the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and the Interest thereon, in full Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, instead of waiting for the Payment of the whole Amount by Instalments and at uncertain Times; and it is expedient that Payment of a Sum, as by this Act provided, be made to them accordingly, and that the Sum so paid be distributed among the Shareholders of the Company: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. If, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight Payment of hun4red and fifty-eight, there be paid in One Sum, or by Instalments yfwZealand to the Neu? Zealand Company, on the Receipt authorized by the Company to

first-

be in full of their Claim forBalance of 268, 370/. 15$. and Interest.

Act not to prejudice Claims against Her Majesty.

Act to be in force in Her Majesty's Dominions.

[Short Title.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 52.

New Zealand Company's Claims.

first-recited Act, for immediate Distribution, a Sum equal to the Balance on the Day of such Payment remaining unpaid of the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and the Interest thereon, less Sixty-eight thousand three . hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, then, on that Payment being so made, it. shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all such Part as is then unpaid of the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and the Interest thereon, and of all and every Claim of the Company in respect of that Sum, and the Interest thereon, and the Sum so paid shall be forthwith distributed and paid by the Company to and among the several Shareholders of the Company and other Persons entitled thereunto; and the Payments to the Shareholders shall be in rateable Proportion to their respective Payments on Shares in the Capital of the Company, and shall be made to the several Persons who from Time to Time are registered in the Books of the Company as the Holders of Shares in the Capital of the Company: Provided, that where Two or more Persons are registered as the Holders of any Share, any Payment in respect of the Share may be made to the joint Holders thereof, or any One or more of them, and their or his Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the Money so paid: Provided also, that if and where any Shareholder is in Debt to the Company they may retain and apply any Money payable to him under this Act, or a sufficient Part thereof, in or towards Satisfaction of the Debt, and that whether the Debt be due from him alone or from him jointly with any other Person or Persons, and whether such Person or such Persons, or any of them, be a Shareholder or Shareholders, or not: Provided also, that where, after diligent Inquiry, the Person to whom any Money is payable under this Act, or his Address, is unknown to the Company, or he fails to accept it, or to apply to them for it, they may pay it into the High Court of Chancery, under any Act from Time to Time in force for the Relief of Trustees.

II. Provided always, That this Act, and everything therein contained, shall be subject and without Prejudice to all Claims and Demands whatsoever against Her Majesty, under and by virtue of Section Nineteen of the recited Act of the Session of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twelve.

III. This Act shall be in force throughout Her Majesty's Dominions.

IV. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " New Zealand Company's Claims Act, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGINAE.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to amend the Act for granting a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-two, to grant a Representative Constitu- 15 & 16 Vict. tion to the Colony of New Zealand, should be amended by repealing c' 72' certain Clauses thereof, whereby certain Charges were imposed on the Territorial Revenue of the said Colony, for which Charges other Provision has been or is intended to be made, and making further and other Provision for enabling the General Assembly of New Zealand to alter the Enactments thereof: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Sections Sixty-seven, Sixty-eight, Sixty-nine, and Seventy-four Sections of the said Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, and so much of Section Sixty-two of the said Act as authorizes and Part of Sec-requires the Governor to pay out of the Revenue arising from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown Sums on account of the Purchase repealed.

Power to General Assembly of New Zealand to vary the Provisions of the recited Act, with the Exceptions herein named.

[Commencement of Act.]

New Zealand Government Act Amendment.

of Land from aboriginal Natives, or the Release or Extinguishment of their Rights, and Sums payable to the New Zealand Company, are hereby repealed.

II. It shall be lawful for the said General Assembly of New Zealand by any Act or Acts from Time to Time to alter, suspend, or repeal all or any of the Provisions of the said Act, except such as are herein-after specified; namely,

So much of the said Act as repeals former Acts, Letters Patent, Instructions, and Orders in Council:

The Provisions contained in Sections Three, Eighteen (save the Exception therein contained), Twenty-five, Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine, Thirty-two, Forty-four, Forty-six, Forty-seven, Fifty-three, Fifty-four, Fifty-six, Fifty-seven, Fifty-eight, Fifty-nine, Sixty-one, Sixty-four (save so much as charges the Civil List on the Revenues arising from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown), Sixty-five, Seventy-one, Seventy-three, and Eighty of the said Act:

But no such Act of the General Assembly as aforesaid which shall alter, suspend, or repeal any of the Provisions contained in Section Nineteen of the said Act shall have any Force or Effect unless the same shall have been reserved for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon, and until the Governor of New Zealand shall have signified, as provided by the said Act, that Her Majesty has been pleased to assent to the same.

III. This Act shall be proclaimed in New Zealand by the Governor or Person administering the Government thereof within Six Weeks after a Copy of such Act shall have been received by such Governor, and shall take effect in New Zealand from the Day of such Proclamation; except that the Repeal of Section Seventy-four of the said recited Act, and of so much of Section Sixty-two as relates to Sums payable to the New Zealand Company, shall only take effect if oh or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight Payment be made to the New Zealand Company of the Sums and in the Manner specified in the New Zealand Company's Claims Act passed during the present Session of Parliament.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to make better Provision for the Punishment of Frauds committed by Trustees, Bankers, and other Persons intrusted with Property.

[17th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make better Provision for the Punishment of Frauds committed by Trustees, Bankers, and other Persons intrusted with Property: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. If any Person being a Trustee of any Property for the Benefit, Trustees either wholly or partially, of some other Person, or for any public disposing of or charitable Purpose, shall, with Intent to defraud, convert or appro- Property priate the same or any Part thereof to or for his own Use or fj^isde-Purposes, or shall, with Intent aforesaid, otherwise dispose of or meanor. destroy such Property or any Part thereof, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

II. If any Person being a Banker, Merchant, Broker, Attorney, or Bankers, &c. Agent, and being intrusted for safe Custody with the Property of any

4> L Other Property in-

318

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 54.

Fraudulent $c.

trusted to their Care, guilty of Misdemeanor.

Persons under Powers of Attorney fraudulently selling Property guilty of Misdemeanor.

Bailees fraudulently converting Property to their own Use guilty of Larceny.

Directors, &c. of any Body Corporate or Public Company fraudulently appropriat-ingProperty;

or keeping fraudulent Accounts;

other Person, shall, with Intent to defraud, sell, negotiate, transfer, pledge, or in any Manner convert or appropriate to or for his own Use such Property or any Part thereof, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

III. If any Person intrusted with any Power of Attorney for the Sale or Transfer of any Property shall fraudulently sell or transfer or otherwise convert such Property or any Part thereof to his own Use or Benefit, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

IV. If any Person, being a Bailee of any Property, shall fraudulently take or convert the same to his own Use, or the Use of any Person other than the Owner thereof, although he shall not break Bulk or otherwise determine the Bailment, he shall be guilty of Larceny.

V. If any Person, being a Director, Member, or Public Officer of any Body Corporate or Public Company, shall fraudulently take or apply, for his own Use, any of the Money or other Property of such Body Corporate or Public Company, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

VI. If any Person, being a Director, Public Officer, or Manager of any Body Corporate or Public Company, shall as such receive or possess himself of any of the Money or other Property of such Body Corporate or Public Company otherwise than in Payment of a just Debt or Demand, and shall, with Intent to defraud, omit to make or to cause or direct to be made a full and true Entry thereof in the Books and Accounts of such Body Corporate or Public Company, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

or wilfully VII. If any Director, Manager, Public Officer, or Member of any Books^&c Body Corporate or Public Company shall, with Intent to defraud, destroy, alter, mutilate, or falsify any of the Books, Papers, Writings, or Securities belonging to the Body Corporate or Public Company of which he is a Director or Manager, Public Officer or Member, or make or concur in the making of any false Entry, or any material Omission in any Book of Account or other Document, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

or publish- VIII. If any Director, Manager, or Public Officer of any Body len/state*1" Corporate or Public Company shall make, circulate, or publish, ments, guilty or concur in making, circulating, or publishing, any written State-of Misde- ment or Account which he shall know to be false in any material Particular, with Intent to deceive or defraud any Member, Shareholder, or Creditor of such Body Corporate or Public Company, or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 54

Fraudulent Trustees, $c.

with Intent to induce any Person to become a Shareholder or Partner therein, or to intrust or advance any Money or Property to such Body Corporate or Public Company, or to enter into any Security for the Benefit thereof, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

IX. If any Person shall receive any Chattel, Money, or valuable Persons re-Security which shall have been so fraudulently disposed of as to render the Party disposing thereof guilty of a Misdemeanor under fraudWentty any of the Provisions of this Act, knowing the same to have been so fraudulently disposed of, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and same to^have may be indicted and convicted thereof, whether the Party guilty of be?n °> the principal Misdemeanor shall or shall not have been previously MWemea-convicted, or shall or shall not be amenable to Justice. nor.

X. Every Person found guilty of a Misdemeanor under this Act Punishment shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for the Term of Three Years, or to suffer such other under this Punishment, by Imprisonment for not more than Two Years with Aet-or without Hard Labour, or by Fine, as the Court shall award.

XI. Nothing in this Act contained shall enable or entitle any Person to refuse to make a full and complete Discovery by Answer to any Bill in Equity, or to answer any Question or Interrogatory in any Civil Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity, or in the Courts of Bankruptcy or Insolvency; but no Answer to any such Bill, Question, or Interrogatory shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person in any Proceeding under this Act.

No Person exempt from answering Questions in any Court; Evidence not admissible in Prosecutions under

XII. Nothing in this Act contained, nor any Proceeding, Con- No Remedj viction, or Judgment to be had or taken thereon against any Person under this Act, shall prevent, lessen, or impeach any Remedy at Law b« affected, or in Equity which any Party aggrieved by any Offence against this Act might have had if this Act had' not been passed; but no Con- Convictions viction of any such Offender shall be received in Evidence in any

Action at Law or Suit in Equity against him; and nothing in this Evidence in Act contained shall affect or prejudice any Agreement entered into Cml Suits* or Security given by any Trustee, having for its Object the Restoration or Repayment of any Trust Property misappropriated.

XIII. No Proceeding or Prosecution for any Offence included in the NoProsecu-First Section, but not included in any other Section of this Act, shall ^mmenced6 be commenced without the Sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney without the General, or, in case that Office be vacant, of Her Majesty's Solicitor j^Judge General: Provided that where any Civil Proceeding shall have been ortheAttor-taken against any Person to whom the Provisions of the said First ney ener*1 '

Section,

If Offence amounts to Larceny, Person not to be acquitted of a Misdemeanor.

Costs of Prosecutions.

Misdemeanors not triable at Sessions.

Interpretation of certain Terms.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 54.

Fraudulent Trustees, $c.

Section, but not of any other Section of this Act, may apply, no Person who shall have taken such Civil Proceeding shall commence any Prosecution under this Act without the Sanction of the Court or Judge before whom such Civil Proceeding shall have been-had or shall be pending.

XIV. If upon the Trial of any Person under this Act it shall appear that the Offence proved amounts to Larceny, he shall not by reason thereof be entitled to be acquitted of a Misdemeanor under this Act.

XV. In every Prosecution for auy Misdemeanor against this Act the Court before which any such Offence shall be prosecuted or tried may allow the Expenses of the Prosecution in all respects as in Cases of Felony.

XVI. No Misdemeanor against this Act shall be prosecuted or tried at any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

XVII. The Word " Trustee" shall in this Act mean a Trustee on some express Trust created by some Deed, Will, or Instrument in Writing, and shall also include the Heir and Personal Representative of any such Trustee, and also all Executors and Administrators, Liquidators under the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, and all Assignees in Bankruptcy and Insolvency:

The Word " Property" shall include every Description of Real and Personal Property, Goods, raw or other Materials, Money, Debts, and Legacies, and all Deeds and Instruments relating to or evidencing the Title or Right to any Property, or giving a Right to recover or receive any Money or Goods; and such Word Property shall also denote and include not only such Real and Personal Property as may have been the original Subject of a Trust, but also any Real or Personal Property into which the same may have been converted or exchanged, and the Proceeds thereof respectively, and anything acquired by such Proceeds.

XVIII. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LV.

An Act to promote the Establishment and Extension of Reformatory Schools in.

[25th August 1857.]

FOR promoting the Establishment and Extension of Reformatory Schools in England, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, Power to in General or Quarter Sessions, or for the Council of any Borough ^U8tice8 of a having a separate Court of Sessions of the Peace, upon the Application Council of of the Directors or Managers of any Reformatory School for youth-fill Offenders already established, in whole or in part, by voluntary grant Money Contributions, or of the Promoters of a Reformatory School intended j? aid o{ to be so established, to make an Order for the Payment of Money SchooR in aid of such Reformatory School, or of the Establishment thereof, subject to such Conditions as may be agreed upon between such Justices or Council and such Directors, Managers, or Promoters.

II. Not less than Two Months Notice shall be given by the Clerk Notice of th« of the Peace of such County, in some Newspaper or Newspapers commonly circulated in such County, of the Day on which any given.

4 M Motion

322 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 55.

Reformatory Schools.

Motion for such Order under this Act is to be considered, and the Clerk of the Peace of the County shall give such Notice on the Requisition of any Five Justices acting for such County; and every Order by the Council of any Borough for the Payment of Money shall be made at a Special Meeting of such Council to be called for that Purpose, and Notice of such intended Resolution shall be given Two Months before the Meeting of the Council by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers generally circulating within the said Borough.

Money III. The Money ordered to be paid under this Act in aid of a Re-

bTappUed formatory School shall be applicable to the following Purposes;

Towards defraying the Expenses of purchasing the Site of a School on its First Establishment, or the Site of any Extension or new Establishment for the Purposes of a School already established, or the Expenses of building or fitting up a School on its First Establishment, or erecting, altering, or enlarging or fitting up any Buildings for the Extension or Improvement of a School already established; and the Justices or Council, as the-Case may be, shall provide for the Application of such Money accordingly.

in Purchase of Site, in building, and for like permanent Objects.

No Money to be granted to Schools already established, unless certified under 17 & 18 Vict. c. 86.

Flans to be approved by Secretary of State.

IV. Provided, That no Money shall be ordered to be paid under this Act in aid of any Reformatory School established at the Time of the Grant, unless the Institution has been certified by the Secretary of State under the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-six, to be useful and efficient for its Purpose, nor shall any Money be paid under any such Order in aid of any School which shall haye been so certified in case such Certificate shall have been withdrawn; and in every Case where Money is ordered to be paid under this Act the Plan and Particulars of the School intended to be established or of the Extension or new Establishment for the Purposes of a School already established (as the Case may be) shall, before Payment of Money under the Order, be submitted to and approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Justices or V. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County

amtract^h General or Quarter Sessions (Notice having been given as herein

the Mana- provided in the Case of an Order for the Payment of Money), or for ftewptiorfof the Council of any Borough having a separate Court. of Sessions of Offenders the Peace, at a Special Meeting of such Council called for the Pur-

Cwntyor Pose> to appoint and empower a Committee of such Justices or

Borough. Council to enter into an Agreement with the Directors or Managers, of any Reformatory School, certified as aforesaid for the Reception

and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 55.

Reformatory Schools.

and keeping in such School from Time to Time of Offenders from such County or Borough sentenced to be detained in a Reformatory School, in consideration of such periodical Payments as maybe agreed upon with such Managers or Directors; and such Justices or Council may direct the Payment of the Money which may from Time to Time become payable under such Agreement.

VI. In every Reformatory School aided by a Grant of Money Schools may under this Act, or in relation to which any such Agreement as last aforesaid shall have been entered into, it shall be lawful, upon the of Religious Representations of the Parent, or in case of an Orphan then of the o/offe^derso Guardian or nearest adult Relative, of any Offender detained in

any such School, for a Minister of the Religious Persuasion of such Offender, at certain fixed Hours of the Day, which shall be fixed by the Managers or Directors for the Purpose, to visit such School for the Purpose of affording Religious Assistance to such Offender, and also for the Purpose of instructing such Offender in the Principles of his Religion.

VII. All Monies ordered to be paid under this Act by any Justices Monies or Council shall be raised and paid in the same Manner and subjfect to gr"te^g the same Conditions as Monies to be raised by the Justices or Council ^ct how to respectively for building, rebuilding, or enlarging any Gaol under their be raised, respective Management; and all Monies directed to be paid from Time

to Time by any Justices or Council, in pursuance of any Agreement under this Act, shall be raised and paid in the same Manner as Monies to be raised for the ordinary current Expenditure of their several Gaols.

VIII. In every Case in which any juvenile Offender shall be sentenced Contribution

to be detained in a Reformatory School -under the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, or any of the Acts tenance of amending the same, by any Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions OfonderB^in or by any Stipendiary or Police Magistrate in England and, tory School

such Justices or Magistrate, at the Time of passing such Sentence, bo or within Fourteen Days thereof, may issue a Summons calling upon

the Parent or Step-Parent of such Offender to appear before them or him, and on the Hearing of such Summons, whether the Party summoned shall appear or not, may examine into the Ability of such Parent or Step-Parent to contribute to such Offender's Support and Maintenance, and may make an Order upon him or her for the Payment of such weekly Sum (not exceeding Five Shillings) as shall seem reasonable during the whole or any Part of the Detention of such Offender in such Reformatory School; and in every Case in which such Sentence of Detention shall be passed by any Court of

Assize

824 20" & 21" VICTORIES, Cap. 55.

Reformatory Schools.

Assize or Quarter Sessions in England and , such Court shall direct any Officer of the same to certify the said Sentence to the next Meeting of Justices in Petty Sessions for the District or Town from which such Offender shall have been committed (or to any Police or Stipendiary Magistrate of the said District, as the Case may be), and such Justices or Magistrate may proceed to summon the Parent or Step-Parent of such Offender, and to make an Order upon him or her in manner herein-before provided, as if the Sentence had been passed by themselves or himself in due Course of Law.

IX. In any Case wherein no such Order shall have been made as Contribution herein-before provided, it shall be lawful, at any Time during the may be taken Detention of such juvenile Offender, for any Two Justices of the during the*6 Peace or any Police or Stipendiary Magistrate in England or Wales Detention of acting for the County or Borough or other Jurisdiction within which the Offender. Parent or Step-Parent of such Offender shall be residing, on the Complaint of any Person authorized by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to take Proceedings under the said Acts or any of them, to summon such Parent or Step-Parent before them, and to examine into his or her Ability, and to make such Order for a Sum not Exceeding Five Shillings per Week to be paid by him or her as aforesaid.

Power to remit, reduce, or increase the weekly Payments, but not to exceed Fire Shillings weekly.

Payments how to be made.

Provisions of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 87.in case

X. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace or for any Police or Stipendiary Magistrate in England or Wales from Time to Time, on the Representation of such Parent or Step-Parent, or any Person authorized by the Secretary of State to take Proceedings as aforesaid, at any Time while the First Order continues in force, to make further Inquiry into the Parent's or Step-Parent's Ability, and to remit or lessen the Amount of the weekly Payment that shall have been' previously assessed upon him or her, or to increase the same, if they see Cause so to do, so that the Amount shall not in any Case exceed Five Shillings weekly.

XI. All such Payments shall be directed by the Order to be made to some Person to be appointed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to receive such Payments within the Jurisdiction of the Court or Justices or Police or Stipendiary Magistrate making the Order, or to his Agent duly authorized in that Behalf, by him to be accounted for and paid over as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct.

XII. All the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-

seven,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 55.

325

Reformatory Schools.

seven, which have Reference to the Case of Default being made in the of Default Payment of any Sum of Money which may have become payable pYrtmts* by any Parent or Step-Parent under an Order made by virtue of that to be appll-Act, shall be applicable in every respect to every Case of Default in the Payment of any Sums directed to be paid by any Order made this Act. under and by virtue of the present Act; and so much of Section Two of the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty as is inconsistent with the Provisions herein-before contained shall be repealed.

XIII. Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for the due Provision Care and Protection of juvenile Offenders discharged from Reform- juvenile ° atory Schools: It shall be lawful for the Managers of any Reformatory Offenders School, previous to making Application for the Discharge of any ^h^gerifrom juvenile Offender committed to such School, to place such Offender Reformatory on Trial with some Person, to be named in the Licence herein-after, choold* most willing to receive and take charge of him, and to grant to such Offender a Licence under their Hands or the Hand of any One of them

to reside with such Person for any Term not exceeding Thirty Days, unless sooner called upon by the said Managers to return to the said School, and to require such Offender to return to the said School at any Time during the same; and such Managers shall bring back such Offender to the said School at the Expiration of the said Term, provided that such Offender shall not have been previously discharged from the School by Order of the Secretary of State; and any Offender who shall abscond from such Person during such Term, or shall refuse to return to the Reformatory School at the End of such Term, or before the End of the Time, when so required, shall be held to have absconded from the School, and shall be liable to the Penalties in that Case made and provided: Provided always, that no such Offender shall be so placed out before the Expiration of One Half of the Term of Detention to which he was originally sentenced.

XIV. Any Person who, knowing any young Person to have been Penalty for withdrawn or to have absconded from any such School or Institution anyyounY as aforesaid, shall harbour or conceal or assist in concealing such Person young Person, or prevent him or her from returning to such School

or Institution, shall be liable to the Penalty imposed by an Act of formatory. the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, on any one wilfully withdrawing or inducing any young Person to abscond from any such School, to be recovered and applied in manner therein mentioned, and failing Payment thereof shall be liable to be imprisoned, as in the said Enactment mentioned.

XV. In this Act the Word " County" shall mean and include Interpreta-every Riding, Part, or Division of a County, and every Liberty having xotm 4 N a

Actio extend only to England.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 55.

Reformatory Schools.

a separate Commission of the Peace; and the Word " Borough " shall include every City or other Place mentioned in the Schedules to the Act of the Session holden- in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, (to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales,) or to which a Charter of Incorporation has since been granted.

XVI. This Act shall extend only to England.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the more convenient Distribution of the Business of the Court of Session, and for diminishing Arrears in that Court: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Lord President of the Court of Session, from Time to Time, as it shall appear to him to be necessary or expedient, with a view to promote the due Despatch of the Business of the Court, to transfer Causes from the one Division of the Court to the other, and from any one Lord Ordinary to any other Lord Ordinary, to such Extent as he shall judge to be necessary or expedient, for the Purpose of promoting Despatch and preventing Delay; and to enable the said Lord President to exercise such Power, it shall be lawful for him to require the Keepers of the Rolls of the respective Divisions, the Principal and Depute Clerks of Session, and the Clerks of the several Lords Ordinaries, or any of them, to transmit to him, from Time to Time as he shall direct, Lists of the 4 O whole

Power to the Lord President to take Measures for promoting Despatch of Business.

Lord President may order Lists to be prepared of Causes transferred.

Lists to be entered in Books of Sederunt and published.

Summary Petitions, &c. how disposed of.

Court of Session (Scotland).

whole Causes depending before such Divisions respectively and the several Lords Ordinaries, and also to attend upon him from Time to Time, and give such Information in regard to such Lists, and the State of the Business generally, as he may require.

II. When the said Lord President shall at any Time judge it necessary to transfer Causes from the one Division to the other, or from any one Lord Ordinary to any other Lord Ordinary, under the Power hereby given, he shall require to be prepared a List or Lists of the Causes so transferred; and every such List shall have a Title specifying the Division from which, or the Lord Ordinary from whom, and also the Division to which, and the Lord Ordinary to whom, the Transference is made, and bearing that such Transference is made by the Lord President under the Authority of this Act; and every auch List shall be dated and subscribed at the End thereof by the said Lord President, and shall be effectual to operate a Transference of the Causes therein contained in Terms of the Title thereof, and the Causes shall thereafter be held to depend before the Division to which or the Lord Ordinary to whom the Transference is made in the same Manner and to the same Effect in all respects as if such Causes had originally depended before such Division or Lord Ordinary; and it shall be sufficient that the Causes shall be entered in the said Lists in the same Manner in which Causes are in use to be entered in the Long Rolls of the Divisions or the Debate Rolls of the Lords Ordinaries: Provided always, that all Causes so transferred shall be taken from the Causes last enrolled in the Order of their Enrolment, unless, from Connexion with any depending Action or other similar Reason, it may appear proper not to transfer any particular Cause.

III. Every List of Causes transferred by the Lord President as aforesaid shall be entered in the Books of Sederunt, and shall be forthwith printed and published on the Walls of the Court, and shall also be published in the Minute Book.

IV. All Summary Petitions and Applications to the Lords of Council and Session which are not incident to Actions or Causes actually depending at the Time of presenting the same shall be brought before the junior Lord Ordinary officiating in the Outer House, who shall deal therewith and dispose thereof as to him shall seem just; and in particular all Petitions and Applications falling under any of the Descriptions following shall be so enrolled before and dealt with and disposed of by the junior Lord Ordinary, and shall not be taken in the first instance before either of the Two Divisions of the Court: viz.,

1. Petitions and Applications under any of the various Statutes now in force relative to Entails: .

2. Petitions

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 56. 831

Court of Session (Scotland).

2. Petitions and Applications under any of the General Railway

Acts, or under the Lands Clauses Consolidation ()

Act, 1845, or under any Local or Personal Act:

3. Petitions and Applications relative to Money consigned under any Statute or Law, subject to the Order, Disposal, or Direction of the Court of Session:

4. Petitions and Applications for the Appointment of Judicial

, Factors, Factors loco tutori§ or loco absentis, or Curators

bonis, or by any such Factors or Curators for extraordinary or special Powers, or for Exoneration or Discharge:

5. All Petitions, Applications, and Reports under the Act of the

Twelfth and Thirteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-one, intituled An Act for the better Protection of the Property of, absent 13 Vict *

Persons, and Persons under Mental Incapacity, in Scotland.

V. The Lord Ordinary before whom any such Petition, Application, Lord Ordi-or Report shall be enrolled or brought shall have full Power to coMulTpro-decide on and dispose of the same, after making such Investigation fessional and requiring such Assistance from professional Persons, or Persons persons of of Science or of Skill, as he shall judge proper, and his Judgment Science or upon the Merits shall be subject to Review in manner herein-after SklU' provided; and the Judgment of the Lord Ordinary granting or refusing any such Petition or Application, or disposing of any such Report, unless the same shall be brought under Review in manner herein-after provided, shall be equally valid and effectual as a Judgment of either Division of the Court to the like Effect, according to the present Law and Practice; and all Laws and Statutes inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to the Effect of rendering the Provisions of this Act operative and effectual: Provided always, that such Lord Ordinary may in special Cases, if he see Cause, report such Petition or Application to the Court, who may thereupon dispose of the same, or give such Instructions thereanent to the Lord Ordinary as. they may deem proper.

VI. It shall not be competent to bring under Review of the Court Review of any Interlocutor pronounced by the Lord Ordinary upon any. such by

Petition, Application, or Report as aforesaid, with a view to Investi- Interlocutor gation and Inquiry merely, and which does not finally dispose thereof only allowed upon the Merits; but any Judgment pronounced by the Lord Ordinary on the Merits, unless where the same shall have been pronounced in Terms of Instructions by the Court on Report as herein-before mentioned, may be reclaimed against by any Party having lawful Interest to reclaim to the Court, provided that a Reclaiming Note shall be boxed within Eight Days, after which the Judgment of the Lord Ordinary, if not so reclaimed against, shall be final.

VII. It

Causes may be transferee! from the Rolls of one Division to the other Division.

Court may remit Cause to the Lord Ordinary.

Sittings of the Court to be extended.

Lord Ordinary on Bills during Vacation may dispose of Petitions for Factors, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 56.

Court of Session (Scotland).

VII. It shall be lawful to the Parties to any Cause which shall be enrolled after the First Day of November next in the Rolls of either Division of the Court, by a joint Note presented to the Court, to move the Court of Consent to transfer such Cause from the Rolls of the Division in which it is enrolled to those of the other Division, and such Cause shall be so transferred accordingly.

VIII. When an Issue for the Trial of any Matter of Fact, upon Report of the Lord Ordinary, in Terms of the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-six, shall have been adjusted by either Division of the Court, the Court shall remit the Cause to the Lord Ordinary to be farther proceeded in; provided always, that it shall be competent to the Parties to give Notice of Trial in Terms of the existipg Law and Practice applicable thereto.

IX. Provided always, That the ordinary Sittings of the Court, both Inner and Outer Houses, shall henceforward be as follows; namely, the Summer Session shall in each Year commence on the first lawful Day (Monday excepted) which shall happen next after the Eleventh Day of May, and shall end on the Twentieth Day of July, or, when that Day shall fall upon Sunday or Monday, on the Saturday immediately preceding; and the Winter Session shall in each Year commence on the first lawful Day (Monday excepted) which shall happen next after the Eleventh Day of November, and shall end on the Twentieth Day of March, or, when that Day shall fall upon a Sunday or Monday, on the Saturday immediately preceding; and it shall not be lawful for the said Court to make an Adjournment at the Christmas Recess for a longer Period than Fourteen Days, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. The Lord Ordinary on the Bills during Vacation shall have the same Powers in regard to Petitions for the Appointment of Factors loco tutoris, Curators bonis, and Judicial Factors as are by this Act conferred in relation thereto on the junior Lord Ordinary as aforesaid.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to enable Married Women to dispose of Reversionary Interests in Personal Estate.

[25th August 1857.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. After the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, it shall be lawful for every Married Woman by Deed to dispose of every future or Reversionary Interest, whether vested or contingent, of such Married Woman, or her Husband in her Right, in any Personal Estate whatsoever to which she shall lie entitled under any Instrument made after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven (except such a Settlement as after mentioned), and also, to release or extinguish any Power which may be vested in or limited or reserved to her in regard to any such Personal Estate, as fully and effectually as she could do if she were a Feme Sole, and also to release and extinguish her Right or Equity to a Settlement out of any Personal Estate to which she, or her Husband in her Right, may be entitled 4 P in

Married Women may dispose of Reversionary Interests in Personal Estate, and release Powers over sueli Estate, and also their Rights to a Settlement out of such Estate in possession.

Deeds to be acknowledged by Married Women in the Manner required by d & 4 W. 4. c. 74. for disposing of Interests in or Powers over Land in England or Wales;

In Ireland,

as by 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 92.

The Powers of Disposition given by this Act not to interfere with any other Powers.

Act not to extend to Settlements of Married

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 57.

Married Womens Reversionary Interest.

in possession under any such Instrument as aforesaid, save and except that no such Disposition, Release, or Extinguishment shall be valid unless the Husband concur in the Deed by which the same shall be effected, nor unless the Deed be acknowledged by her as hereinafter directed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Reversionary Interest to which she shall become entitled- by virtue of any Deed, Will, or Instalment by which she shall be restrained from alienating or affecting the same.

II. Every Deed to be executed in England, or Wales by a Married

Woman for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be acknowledged by her, and be otherwise perfected, in the Manner in and by the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, prescribed for the Acknowledgment and perfecting of Deeds disposing of Interests of Married Women in Land; and every Deed to be executed in Ireland by a Married Woman for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be acknowledged by her and be otherwise perfected in the Manner in and by the Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland, prescribed for the Acknowledg-

ment and perfecting of Deeds disposing of Interests of Married Women in Land; and all and singular the Clauses and Provisions in the said Acts concerning the Disposition of Lands by Married Women, including the Provisions for dispensing with the Concurrence of the Husbands of Married Women, in the Cases in the said Acts mentioned, shall extend and be applicable to such Interests in Personal Estate and to such Powers as may be disposed of, released, or extinguished by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually as if -such Interests or Powers were Interests in or Powers over Land.

III. Provided always, That the Powers of Disposition given to a Married Woman by this Act shall not interfere with any Power which independently of this Act may be vested in or limited or reserved to her, so as to prevent her from exercising such Power in any Case, except so far as by any Disposition made by her under this Act she may be prevented from so doing, in consequence of such Power having been suspended or extinguished by such Disposition.

IV. Provided always, That the Powers of Disposition hereby given to a Married Woman shall not enable her to dispose of any Interest in

335

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 57.

Married Women's Reversionary.

in Personal Estate settled upon her by any Settlement or Agreement for a Settlement made on the Occasion of her Marriage.

V. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

Women upon Marriage.

Not to extend to Scotland.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIE REG INiE.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to amend the Act, Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-one, for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland, and it is expedient to amend the said Act as herein-after

mentioned: Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of each County and the Magistrates of each Burgh in Scotland respectively, i f they shall think fit, to appoint the Officer or Officers of Inland Revenue, having the Survey of the Income Tax and Assessed Taxes within such County or Burgh, to be the Assessors or Assessor for the Purpose of the said Act; and such Officer or Officers when so appointed, as long as such Appointments remain unrecalled, shall in all respects and for all the Purposes aforesaid stand in the Place of and shall have, use, exercise, and perform all the Powers and Duties of the Person or Persons whom the said Comtnissidnei's and Magistrates respectively are authored to 4 Q appoint

17 & 18 Vict. <-.91.

Power to Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates to appoint OUieers of Inland Revenue to be Assessors.

Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Act Amendment.

appoint for the like Purposes, under or by virtue of the Third Section of the said Act; and in such Case the Expense attending the making up of Valuation Rolls by such Officer or Officers shall be defrayed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct in that Behalf.

Persons II. All Persons entitled to appeal against Valuations made by the

charged may Assessors appointed under the said Act shall also be entitled to appeal.

appeal, under and subject to the like Rules and Regulations, against the Valuations to be made by such Officer or Officers of Inland Officer of Revenue appointed as aforesaid under this Act; and if upon any Inland Re- such Appeal any Officer of Inland Revenue or the Person appealing Appellant, if stall apprehend the Determination of the said Commissioners or dis-satisfied Magistrates hearing such Appeal to be contrary to the true Intent sion of Com- of the said Act, and shall then declare himself dis-satisfied with such missioned or Determination, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Appellant respec-may demand tively to require the said Commissioners or Magistrates to state a Case for specially and to sign the Case upon which the Question arose, of the>m, 0n together, with the Determination thereupon, and to transmit such Judges. Case to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to the end that the same may be submitted to the Senior Lord Ordinary and the Lord Ordinary officiating in Exchequer Causes in the Court of Session, for their Opinion thereon; and such Judges to whom such Case may be submitted shall with all convenient Speed give and subscribe their Opinion thereon, and according to such Opinion the Valuation or Assessment which shall have been the Cause of the Appeal shall be altered or confirmed.

III. Provided always, That if in any County or Burgh the said Commissioners or Magistrates shall not appoint the Officers of Inland Revenue to be such Assessors as aforesaid, then no Valuation of LJand56" made under the said Act by any other Assessor of Assessors shall Revenue to be conclusive against or for the Purpose of reducing, on Appeal or Valuations"' otherwise, any Assessment, Rate, or Charge under any Act of Par-nat to be liament relating to the Duties of Excise, or the Land Taxor Assessed against As- Taxes> or Income Tax, or any other Duties, Rates, or Taxes under sessments. the Care or Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

If Commissioners or Magistrates do not ap

Town of Maxwell-town to be deemed Part of the Stewartry of

Kirkcudbright for Purposes of recited Act.

IV. Whereas the Town of Maxwellt is locally situated within the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, but for certain Purposes has been included within the Parliamentary Boundaries of the Burgh of Dumfries, and Doubts have arisen whether the said Town of Maxwelltoum lying within the said Parliamentary Boundaries is to be deemed for the Purposes of the said recited Act within the said Stewartry, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:

Be

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 58

339

Valuation of Lands (Scotlan Act Amendment.

Be it therefore enacted, That for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and of levying, collecting, and enforcing all Assessments, Rates, and Taxes which the Commissioners of Supply of the said Stewartry are required or authorized to impose or levy, the said Town of Maxwelltown shall be deemed and taken to form Part of the said Stewartry, and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Heritages within the said Town shall be liable for and shall pay all Assessments, Rates, and Taxes imposed and levied as aforesaid within the Stewartry, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect, except as herein provided, any Rights, Privileges, or Immunities belonging to or claimed by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Heritages in the said Town of Maxwelltown, and this Section shall be held to extend to and include all those Portions of the Parishes of Terregles and Troqueer which are within the Parliamentary Boundaries of the Burgh of Dumfries.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LIX.

An Act concerning the Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty George the Third, intituled Act 43 G.3. c. 54. for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schools, in Scotland, whereby Provision is made for ascertaining the Amount of the Schoolmasters Salaries according to the average Amount of the Fiars Prices of Oatmeal in the several Counties and Stewartries, and for re-ascertaining the Amount of such Salaries at the End of every Period of Twenty-five Years, according to the average Amount of the Fiars Prices, to be ascertained as aforesaid;

And whereas the average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal, according to such Fiars Prices, was, upon the Twenty-seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, struck by the Barons of Exchequer at Seventeen Pounds Two Shillings and Twopence and One Farthing, and such Average expired, according to the said recited Act, as at the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to regulate the Salaries of the Parochial - i7&i8 Vicfc

masters of Scotland, .whereby it was provided that the Salaries of the c'98,

4 R said

Sheriff or Steward to fix average Fiars Prices of a Chalder of Oatmeal.

Salaries of Schoolmasters to be paid according to average Amount of Fiars Prices of Oatmeal.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 59.

Parochial Schoolmasters (Scotland).

said Schoolmasters should continue and be paid according to the said average Amount of the Fiars Prices of Oatmeal so struck in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, from the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three till the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, both inclusive, as if such Average had not expired at the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, but had endured to the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five: And whereas on the Expiration of the said last Period of Twenty-five Years the said Salaries, as regards many of the Counties in Scotland, have not been re-ascertained in Terms of the said first-recited Act: And whereas it is doubtful how far the Provisions thereof can be now enforced: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. On or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sheriff or Steward of every County or Stewartry shall take the necessary Steps to fix and determine the average Fiars Prices of a Chalder of Oatmeal within their respective Counties and Stewartries during the Period of Twenty-five Years next preceding, and including the Year and Crop One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, iu Terms of the said first-recited Act; and the whole other Provisions thereof, and the Procedure therein directed, shall be observed in all respects; and the said Salaries to be so fixed shall commence and be payable from and after the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine: Provided that the Duties by the said first-recited Act imposed and the Powers conferred on the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of Exchequer shall be in all Time coming discharged and exercised by the Lord Ordinary in Exchequer Causes.

II. The Salaries of the said Schoolmasters shall continue and be paid according to the said average Amount of the Fiars Prices of Oatmeal so struck in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, from the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five (being the Term at which the said Provisions of the said second-recited Act ceased to regulate the said Salaries) till the said Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and shall include the Proportion of Salary payable for the Half Year ending at the said last-named Term, in like Manner as if such Average had not expired at the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, but had endured to the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and the said

School-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 59.

343

Schoolmasters shall have all such Rights and Remedies in respect of such Salaries as they had prior to the said Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

III. So far as not inconsistent with this Act, the said first-recited Act shall continue in full Force and Effect; provided, that the Rights conferred on the Schoolmasters by this Act shall not be diminished or affected by any Meetings or Resolutions of Heritors held or passed since the said Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

When not inconsistent with this Act first-recited Act to continue in full Force and Effect

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LX.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy and Insolvency in.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to Bankrupts and Insolvents in to

discontinue the Court of Bankruptcy and the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and to constitute a new Court as herein-after provided: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

I. From and after the Commencement of this Act, the Court of Existing Courts

the Commissioners of Bankruptcy in Ireland and the Court for Relief Bankruptcy and Insolvency to be

of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, now existing under certain of the Acts discontinued, mentioned in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall be respectively discontinued, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions of the said Courts respectively shall, for the Purposes of all Proceedings now pending therein, be transferred to and continued and vested in the Court constituted under this Act.

Certain Acts and Parts of Acts repealed.

[Short Title.]

Definition of Terms, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

II. From and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Acts and Parts of Acts set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, to the Extent to which such Acts or Parts of Acts are by such Schedule expressed to be repealed, and every other Act or Acts, and such Parts of every other Act or Acts, as shall be inconsistent with this Act, shall be repealed, except so far as the said Acts or Parts of Acts, or any of them, whether mentioned or included in the said Schedule or not, repeal any former Act or Part of an Act, and except also so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Proceedings taken or to be taken after the Commencement of this Act upon any Trading, Act of Bankruptcy, Petitioning Creditor's Debt, Commission, or other Proceeding in Bankruptcy before the Commencement of this Act, and except also so far as may be necessary for the supporting or continuing of any Proceedings taken before the Commencement of this Act in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in, or to be taken

after the Commencement of this Act on any Petition filed or Order made before the Commencement of this Act, and except as to the Recovery and Application of any Penalty for any Offence which shall have been committed before the Commencement of this Act: Provided always, that such Repeal shall not be construed to lessen or affect any Right to which any Person may, at the Time of such Repeal, be entitled to under the said Acts or Parts of Acts, or to lessen any Liability then existing thereunder.

III. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857-"

And with respect to the Definition and Explanation of Terms, be it enacted as follows:

IV. The Terms and Words herein-after enumerated, wheresoever occurring in this Act, shall be understood as herein-after defined or explained, unless it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Definition or Explanation; (that is to say,)

"Lord Chancellor" shall mean also and include the Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being;

"The Court" shall mean Her Majesty's Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, and shall mean also and include any Judge or Judges of Her Majesty's Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland constituting and acting as a Court under this Act;

"Annulling" shall mean also superseding;

1 -: "Month"

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 00. 347

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

"Month" shall mean a Calendar Month;

" Person " shall include Body Corporate and Joint Stock Company;

"Joint Stock Company" shall mean and include every Company and Body of Persons associated for any Banking or other Commercial or Trading Purposes in, and incorporated by

Statute or Charter, or which derives any Immunity, Privilege, or Power under any Act of Parliament, or has been registered either provisionally or completely under any Act of Parliament, save as herein-after expressed, and all Commercial or Trading Companies, Associations, and Partnerships in Ireland the Capital or Profits of which is pr are divided into Shares and transferable without the express Consent of all the Partners;

"Assignees" shall mean the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, and shall include the Official' and Creditors Assignees;

" Oath" shall include Declaration or Affirmation;

" Bank of Ireland " shall include all Branches thereof;

"Petition of Bankruptcy" shall mean Petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy;

" Plaintiff" shall include "Petitioner;"

" Suit" shall include Action at Law and Suit in Equity or other Proceeding;

"Bankrupt" shall mean any Person who on any Petition of Bankruptcy shall have been adjudged by the Court to be a Bankrupt;

A

" Petition of Insolvency " shall include every Petition for the Benefit of this Act by an Insolvent, or by any Creditor against such Insolvent;

"Prisoner" shall mean any Person in actual Custody within the Walls of any Prison in Ireland for any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or for any Contempt by reason of Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums of Money or Costs;

" Gaoler" shall include the Keeper or Governor of any Gaol or Prison;

"Insolvent" shall mean any Person who shall file a Petition for his Discharge as an Insolvent Debtor, or against whom a Creditor shall file a Petition of Insolvency pursuant to this Act; '

"Petitioning Creditor" shall mean the Creditor who files the Petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy, or a Petition of Insolvency against an Insolvent;

" Registrar " shall include the Chief Registrar; .

« Creditor"

Definition of Terms, , fyc. c.

Definition of Terms, <jrc.

[Commencement of Act.]

Procedure to obtain Adjudication, &c. to be under this Act.

Proceedings in Courts discontinued by this Act to be carried on in new Court.

Construction of former Acts, &c. as to Word "Commission."

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

"Creditor" shall mean also any Two or more Persons being Partners, and incorporated and Joint Stock Companies;

" Gazette" shall signify Dublin Gazette;

"United Kingdom" shall mean the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

Words importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only shall be understood to include several Matters as well as One Matter, and several Persons as well as One Person, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and Females as well as Males; and Words importing the Plural Number shall be understood to apply to One Matter as well as more than One, and to One Person as well as more than One.

V. This Act, unless where otherwise specially provided, shall commence on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

VI. After the Commencement of this Act, no Commission of Bankrupt shall be issued, but all Proceedings in Bankruptcy, and Proceedings for Arrangement between Debtors and Creditors, may be taken, according to the Provisions of this Act.

VII. All Commissions and Proceedings in Bankruptcy, and Proceed-

ings for such Arrangement, depending at the Commencement of this Act in the Court of the Commissioners of Bankruptcy in, or over

which that Court might then exercise Jurisdiction, and all Petitions, Orders, Matters, and Proceedings depending in the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors at the Commencement of this Act, or over which that Court might then exercise Jurisdiction, shall be respectively carried on and prosecuted in the Court constituted under this Act, and for the Purposes aforesaid the Court shall have all the Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority now possessed by the Commissioners of Bankruptcy or by the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland; and nothing in this Act contained shall render invalid any Commission, Petition, Order, Matter, or Proceeding depending at the Commencement of this Act in the said Court of the Commissioners of Bankruptcy, or in the said Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or the Prosecution of the same in the Court now constituted under this Act, or affect or prejudice any Right or Remedy which any Person may have or be entitled to, or lessen any Liability which any Person may be under or subject to by virtue thereof.

VIII. Wherever in any Act of Parliament or otherwise Mention shall have been made of any Commission of Bankrupt, it shall be construed with reference to the Proceedings under a Petition of

Bankruptcy

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Bankruptcy as if such Commission had been actually issued at the Time of filing such Petition.

IX. When any limited Time from or after any Date or, Event Computation of is appointed or allowed for doing any Act or taking any Proceeding, r'me *

the Computation of such limited Time is not to include the Day of such Date, or of the happening of such Event, but is to commence at the Beginning of the next following Day, and the Act or Proceeding is to be done or taken at the latest on the last Day of such limited Time according to such Computation.

X. When the Time for doing an Act or taking a Proceeding Term expiring on expires on a Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, Monday or SundaJ> &c., ex-

rr> J 7? -nr 1 TA . J «\v -c J. tended to follow-

Tuesday in Easter Week, or a Day appointed for a Public Fast or ing Day.

Thanksgiving, such Act or Proceeding is, as far as regards the Time

of taking or doing the same, to be held to be duly done or taken if

done or taken on the following Day. Constitution of the

Court, $c.

XI. The present Commissioners of Bankrupt in Ireland shall Court of Bank -be Judges for the Purposes of this Act, as if they had been appointed and Inso1* thereunder, and they and their Successors in Office shall form a

Court, to be called "The Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency."

XII. The said Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency shall con- Appointment of sist of Two Judges: Upon a Vacancy in the said Office of Judge Judges, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to appoint any Person, being a Barrister-at-Law in Ireland of not less than Ten Years standing, to fill such Vacancy; and every such Judge shall hold his Office during good Behaviour, notwithstanding the Demise of Her Majesty (whom God long preserve), or any of Her Heirs and Successors, but subject to Removal by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon an Address from both Houses of Parliament.

XIII. Every Judge to be so appointed shall, before he shall The Oath of Office, be capable of acting in the Execution of his Office, take an Oath in the Presence of the Lord Chancellor to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially

execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Judge

in Bankruptcy and Insolvency, and that without Favour or Affec-

tion, Prejudice or Malice. So help me GOD. '

4 T XIV. No

Judges not to be elected Members of the House of Commons.

Salary.

Matters pending in discontinued Courts transferred to new Court.

Offices of old Court abolished, and Records, &c. to be transferred to new Court.

Court to make General Orders for Transfer of Proceedings, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland),

XIV. No such Judge shall during his Continuance in such Office be capable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons.

XV. There shall be paid to each such Judge the yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and such Salaries shall be payable quarterly, on the usual quarterly Days, free of all Deductions save Income Tax; and if any Judge shall die, resign, or be removed, a proportionate Part of his Salary shall be paid for the Time he executed the Office.

XVI. All Matters which, on the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, shall be pending in either of the said Courts hereby discontinued, with all the Proceedings therein, shall be by force of this Act transferred to the said Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ir, there to be carried on, prosecuted, or dealt with and decided according to the Practice of the Court, in the same Manner in every respect as if such Matters had been originally commenced in the said Court.

XVII. On the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty seven the Offices of the said Commissioners of the Courts hereby discontinued shall be abolished; and all Petitions, Affidavits, and other Proceedings of the said Courts, and all Minute and Account Books and all other Books and Documents relating to the Proceedings of the said Courts respectively, or lodged in the said Courts, shall on the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be delivered by the several Officers of the said Courts having Custody of the same to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Court to receive and take charge of the same, and from and after such Delivery the said Petitions, Affidavits, Books, and other Proceedings shall be deemed to belong to the said Court hereby constituted.

XVIII. The Court shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time make General Orders as by this Act directed for carrying the Purposes of this Act into complete Effect in all Things relating to the Transfer of Matters, Proceedings, Documents, and Property from the Courts hereby discontinued, and in particular for the auditing of Assignees Accounts, and for arranging and distributing the Balances in the Hands of Assignees or to their Credit with the Bank of Irela, or in the Bank of Ireland with the Privity of the Chief Clerk of the Court for the Relief of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Insolvent Debtors, and for the carrying on and winding-up the Constitution of the Matters so transferred. Court, $c.

XIX. The Court shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be a Court The Court to be a of Law and Equity and a Court of Record; all Records and Pro- Equfty0 and ceedings in Bankruptcy existing at the Commencement of this Act

in the said Court of the Commissioners of Bankruptcy, or in the Custody of the Secretary of Bankrupts, and Clerk of Inrolments in Bankruptcy, and all Records and Proceedings of the 3aid Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall be kept as Records and Proceedings in the Office of the Court, or in such Place as the Judges of the Court by any General Order shall direct.

XX. Each Judge acting for the Time being shall singly and Each Judge shall simultaneously, or otherwise, as Occasion may require, be and form form the Court* the Court for every Purpose under this Act, or in execution of any

Duty which may hereafter be imposed on the Court, except where otherwise in this Act specially provided; and every Act of any One Judge in the Absence of the other shall be as valid as if done by both, save only that it shall not be lawful for any One Judge, without the Consent of the other, to rescind any Order made by the other when sitting alone.

XXI. The Judges of the Court shall, on or before the Second Day Power to Judges

of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and from Genural

+Time to Time thereafter, make such General Orders as they may think fit for the better carrying of the several Purposes of this Act into execution, and especially for the Regulation of the Practice and Procedure in Matters of Bankruptcy and Arrangement or Insolvency, and for the Choice of the Creditor's Assignees, and the Admission or Proof of Debts, and the Audit of the Assignees Accounts, and the Times and Mode of making and paying Dividends, the Examination of Witnesses and taking of Evidence, the Inspection of Records and Proceedings of the Court, and obtaining Copies thereof, and for the Regulation of the Duties of the several Officers of the Court, and the Fees, Costs, Charges, and Allowances, as well of Solicitors and of Messengers as also of Auctioneers, Appraisers, Brokers, Valuers, and Accountants, employed by Assignees, Messengers, or Bankrupts, or Insolvents, and for the Taxation thereof respectively, and generally for regulating the Practice of the Court, and the Times, Modes, and Forms of Motions and Proceedings in Bankruptcy and Insolvency, and may from Time to Time alter or revoke such Orders, anything

in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; but no such General to be approved by

Orders shall be of any Force or Effect until approved of by the Lord epn^°rd Chan"

Chancellor:

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Constitution of the Chancellor: Provided also, that nothin? herein contained shall be

Court &tc °

9' construed to restrain the Authority or limit the Jurisdiction of the said Court or the Judges thereof to make Rules or Orders or otherwise to regulate and dispose of the Business therein.

Sittings of the XXII. The Court shall sit for the Despatch of Business daily throughout the Year, when the Business of the Court shall require it (Sunday, Christmas Day, Good, Monday and Tuesday in

Easter Week, and Days appointed for Public Fast and Thanksgiving excepted); provided that during the whole or any Part of the Time appointed for Vacations in the several Offices of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland the Judges of the Court shall have full Power and Authority to regulate the Sittings of the Court in such Manner as shall appear fit and necessary for the due Administration of Justice.

Appointment and Payment of Substitute for Judge or Registrar prevented from attending.

Jurisdiction.

XXIII. If, during the Time in which the Court shall sit for the Despatch of Business, any Judge, Registrar, or Chief Clerk be prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, from attending, then and in every such Case the Lord Chancellor may appoint a Person (being in the Case of a Judge a Barrister-at-Law of not less than Ten Years standing) to perform the Duties of such Judge, Registrar, or Chief Clerk during such Absence; and every such Person so appointed to perform the Duty of such Judge, Registrar, or Chief Clerk as aforesaid shall during the Continuance of such Deputation or Appointment have all and every the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, and be subject to all the Duties, of such Judge, Registrar, or Chief Clerk under this Act, and shall be paid a Sum equal to the Salary of such Judge or Registrar or Chief Clerk for and during the Period of his Service, to be deducted from the Salary of the Person in whose Absence he shall so act.

Jurisdiction of Court.

XXIV. The Court shall have original Jurisdiction, Superintendence, and Control in all Matters of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, and shall have Authority to take such Order and Direction with the Body of each Bankrupt and Insolvent, and also with the Estate and Effects of each Bankrupt and Insolvent, as herein-after expressed, and also shall hear, determine, and make Order in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Insolvency whatever, so far as the Assignees are concerned, relating to the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, or of any Estate or Effects taken and claimed by the Assignees for the Benefit of the Creditors, or relating to any Acts done or sought to be done by the Assignees in their Character of Assignees, and also in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Insolvency whatever as between the Assignees and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

any Creditor or other Person appearing and submitting to the Juris- Jurisdiction. diction of the Court, and also in any Application for a Certificate of Conformity, and in any other Matter where the Court by virtue of this Act has Jurisdiction, save and except as may be by this Act otherwise specially provided.

XXV. The Court shall have the Power of fining in a summary Power to Court Way, or suspending or removing, any of the Officers of the Court who *° fine> susP^}d> shall be guilty of any Negligence or other Misconduct whatsoever, in certain Cases* to be expressed in the Order of the Court, except where the Removal

of the said Officers is otherwise regulated by this Act.

XXVI. All lawful Orders of the Court may be enforced by Process Enforcement of sued out of the said Court in the same Manner as if the said Orders Orders* were Orders of the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

XXVII. The Court shall from Time to Time settle the Forms of Court to settle Writs to be used in the said Court for the Enforcement of its Orders, and Forms of Wnts* may also from Time to Time alter the same. The Court in framing

such Forms shall adhere as nearly as Circumstances may admit to the Forms of Writ used to enforce Decrees or Orders of the Court of Chancery, and such Forms when approved of by the Lord Chancellor shall be used and adopted in the Court. The Writs to be issued out of the Court shall be returnable therein, and be enforced in the same Manner as Writs issued out of the Court of Chancery.

XXVIII. The Court may from Time to Time alter or vary the Forms.

Forms given in the several Schedules to this Act, or any of such Forms, or substitute new Forms in lieu thereof, and generally may settle and check the several Forms to be used in proceeding under this Act.

XXIX. Every Order or Decision of the Court shall be subject to Power of Appeal Appeal to the Court of Appeal in Chancery, except as herein-after is ^p^n^ci n. provided; but such Appeal must be entered within Thirty Days eery.

from the Date of the Decision or Order, or such further Time as the Court shall by special Leave allow, and be thereafter duly prosecuted, otherwise the Decision or Order shall be final; and every Appeal shall be subject to such Regulation in regard to Deposit of Costs as shall be directed by any General Order to be made in pursuance of this Act; and on hearing of each Petition of Appeal the only Evidence to be relied on or admissible shall be such as was given before the Court; but the Appeal Court, if it shall think fit, may receive such Evidence or direct or make any such Inquiry thereon as to it shall seem fit, or may order the Court to re-hear 4 U the Jurisdiction *

No Appeal from certain Orders of the Court.

Exclusive Jurisdiction over Traders in Ireland,

The Court of Appeal sitting in Bankruptcy to be a Court of Record, he.

Court of Appeal may direct Question of Fact to be decided by a Jury,

Power to move for New Trial.

Power of Appeal to* the House of Lords.

As to Sealing and Signature of Warrants.

20° & 21° VICTORIA. Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

the Case, on such further Evidence as it may be in the Power of either Party to produce.

XXX. No Appeal shall lie from any Order of the Coufrt eh any Petition in Insolvency that the Prisoner should file his Schedule or be brought up to be dealt with according to the Provisions of this Act, or from any Order dismissing the Petition in Insolvency, or for the Remand or Discharge of any Insolvent, or any Order for the Appointment or Removal of Creditors Assignees, or from any Order on any Question relating only to the Practice of the Court.

XXXI. The Court shall have exclusive Jurisdiction in Bankruptcy over all Traders residing or carrying on Business exclusively in Ireland.

XXXII. The Court of Appeal sitting on Appeal in Bankruptcy $nd Insolvency shall be a Court of Record, and shall have all the Powers incident thereto, and may adjourn any Sitting from Time to Time, and for such Time as may be requisite, and shall have the like Power of summoning and compelling Attendance, and of Examination, and of enforcing Obedience to Examination, and to any Order duly made, and of requiring and compelling the Production of Books and Documents, and shall have the like Power of Commitment as is by this Act given to the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

XXXIII. The Court of Appeal may direct any Question of Fact arising on such Appeal to be decided by a Jury in the Form provided in lieu of a feigned Issue by an Act passed in the Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, or in such other Form as the Court of Appeal shall direct, and a new Trial may be moved for in the Court out of which the Writ of Summons shall have been issued.

XXXIV. All Orders of the said Court of Appeal on Proceedings under this Act, save Orders relating to the final Examination or the Certificate of Conformity of any Bankrupt, dismissing any Petition for Adjudication or Arrangement, granting Protection to any Trader, or any Question of Practice only, shall be subject to Appeal to the House of Lords, in like Manner and subject to the same Conditions as any other Appeals from the Orders of said Court.

XXXV. Every Warrant issued by the Court shall be under the Seal of the Court and the Hand of a Judge, and every Summons shall be under the Seal of the Court and under the Hand of a Judge, or of One of the Registrars.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

XXXVI. The Court shall cause to be sealed with the Seal of the

Court all such Records, Proceedings, Documents, and Copies of the Records, Froceed-

same as are by this Act expressly required to be so sealed* and such ings, sec. to be

Other Records, Proceedings, Documents, and Copies of the same as Bealed *

the Court shall at any Time direct. No Fee shall be receivable by any Judge, Registrar, or Officer of the Court save such Fees for

Copies as are herein-after expressly allowed.

XXXVII. The Procedure and Practice hitherto observed in the As to Procedure Court of Bankruptcy and in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Q°^ractice ef Debtors in Ireland shall continue to be observed in the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, except where the same are inconsistent

with the Provisions of this Act, or any General Order made in pursuance thereof. Officers of

Court.

XXXVIII. The Officers of the Court shall be the Chief Registrar, As to Appoint-the Chief Clerk in Insolvency, Two Assistant Registrars, a Deputy Assistant to the Chief Registrar, Two Official Assignees, the Messengers, and the Clerks.of the Court, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIX. The present Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts Secretary of Bank-shall be the First Chief Registrar under this Act, and, in addition to R^ti^6

his present Duties, shall attend the Court, and assist the Court in the Transaction of its administrative Business, and in the taking of undisputed Proofs of Debt, and shall tax such Costs and discharge such Duties generally as the Court shall by any General Order direct.

XL. In lieu of the Fees and Emoluments now payable to the Salary of Chief Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts, a Salary not exceeding Six Registrar' hundred Pounds per Annum shall be paid to the said Chief Registrar and his Successors; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, from Time to Time to order that such Salary shall be increased, provided that the same shall in no Case exceed Eight hundred Pounds.

XLI. The Successors to the Chief Registrar and Assistant Regis- As to Appoint-trars shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Lord Chancellor echkf Registrar as a Vacancy shall arise. The Chief Registrar, Assistant Registrars, and Assistant and their Successors shall continue in Office during good Behaviour, Reg'8trara-and shall not be removed except by Writing under the Hand of the Lord Chancellor for sufficient Cause therein specified, or by Writing under the Hands of the Judges of the said Court and of the Lord Chancellor without any Cause being therein specified.

Officers of the Court.

As to Appointment and Salary of Assistant Registrars.

Chief Clerk in Insolvency.\

Duties and Salary of Chief Clerk in Insolvency.

Appointment and Salary of Deputy Assistant to Chief Registrar.

Appointment and Salary of Clerk in Town and Country Departments.

Appointment and Salaries of other Clerks.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

XLII. There shall be Two Assistant Registrars of the Court, and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct that a Salary not exceeding Four hundred Pounds per Annum be paid to each Assistant Registrar. The present Registrars of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland shall be the First Assistant Registrars of the Court, and shall have the like Powers and Salaries, and be subject to the like Control, in all respects, as if they had been appointed under the Provisions of this Act.

XLIII. The present acting Registrar of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall be the First Chief Clerk in Insolvency under this Act. The Chief Clerk in Insolvency shall have all the Powers hitherto enjoyed, and shall in Matters of Insolvency perform all the Duties hitherto performed, by the Chief Clerk in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in ', except where the same are inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, or any General Orders made under the Authority of this Act, and shall also attend the Court and perform such other Duties as the Court shall by any General Order direct. The Salary of said Chief Clerk shall be Five hundred Pounds per Annum. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, from Time to Time to order that such Salary shall be increased, but so as that the same shall in no event exceed Six hundred and fifty Pounds.

XLIV. The present Clerk in the Office of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankrupts shall be the Deputy Assistant to the Chief Registrar. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct that a Salary not exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Annum be paid to the Deputy Assistant and his Successors.

XLV. The present First Clerk in the Country Department of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall be the First Clerk in the Town and Country Departments in Insolvency under this Act, and, in addition to his present Duties, shall discharge such other Duties as the Court shall by any General Order direct. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct that a Salary not exceeding Three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum be paid to the said Clerk in the Town and Country Departments and his Successors.

XLVI. In addition to the before-named Officers of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court, with the Approbation of the Lord Chancellor, to appoint as many Clerks or Assistants, not exceeding Three, and at such Salaries as the Court shall, with

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

the like Approbation and Consent, order; such Salaries, however, not in any Case to exceed, collectively, the annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds.

Chief Clerk in Insolvency.

XLVII. The Successors to the Chief Clerk, Deputy Assistant Appointment of Registrars, and Clerks shall, from Time to Time as Vacancies occur, chief^Clerks, &c., ° be appointed by the Court, with the Approbation of the Lord Chancellor. The Chief Clerk, Assistant Registrars, Deputy Assistant Registrars, and Clerks, and their Successors respectively, shall hold Office during good Behaviour, shall discharge such Duties as the Court shall by General Order from Time to Time direct, and shall and not to be not be removed except by Order of the Court for sufficient Cause Order of Court; therein specified, or by Writing under the Hand of the Lord Chan- &c. cellor and Judges of the Court without any Cause being therein specified.

XLVIII. Upon the happening of any Vacancy in any of the Offices Power to Lord under this Act, save the Office of Judge of the Court, if it shall ^n^nue°Offic^8* appear to the Lord Chancellor that it would be unnecessary or on Vacancies, inexpedient to continue such Office, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by any Order under his Hand, so to declare and direct, and thereupon such Office shall cease and determine.

Registrars.

XLIX. The Court may, when it shall seem expedient, direct the Court may direct Chief or other Registrar or Chief Clerk to act in the Prosecution p^f^fDebts'aic of any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, for Proof of Debts, or for the Examination of Persons or Witnesses on Oath in Dublin or elsewhere; and the Travelling Expenses of such Registrar or Chief Clerk, and of any Clerk or other Officer attending him, incurred in so acting, shall be settled by the Court, and be paid out of the Funds of the Estate or Estates in which such Examination shall take place, or Proof of Debt be received; and such Registrar or Chief Clerk so acting shall haw all Power vested in the Court for Proof of Debts and Examination of Persons or Witnesses, except the Power of Commitment: Provided always, that all Depositions and Examinations of Persons and Witnesses so taken shall be reduced to Writing, and shall, together with a Record of all Acts done by him, be annexed to and form Part of the Proceedings.

L. The Chief Registrar shall provide a Seal, on which shall be Seal to be pro-engraven the Style of the Court; and every such Seal shall be kept Vlded* by the Chief Registrar in trust for the Purposes of the Court; and such Seal shall be the Seal of the Court.

4 X

Registrars.

Registrars and Chief Clerk to tax Bills of Costs, &c;

and settle Bills of Auctioneers, Appraisers, Valuers, and Accountants.

Office of Clerk of Enrolments in Bankruptcy appointed under 11 & 12 G.3. (L) abolished, and Duties transferred to Chief Registrar, who shall keep Records, &c.

Chief Registrar to enter Proceedings.

Official Assignees.

Present Official Assignees to be continued.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

LI. It shall be the Duty of the Registrars and Chief Clerk to tax all such Bills of Fees, Costs, Charges, and Disbursements as may be referred to them or any of them for Taxation; but such Taxation shall be subject to Review by the Court.

LII. All Bills of Charges* Fees, and Disbursements of any Auctioneer, Appraiser, Broker, Valuer, or Accountant, employed by any Assignee or Messenger, for Business done under such Employ?-ment, shall be settled b}' the Registrars or Chief Clerk, subject to Review by the Court; and the Amount of the Bills so settled, and no more, shall be paid to or recoverable by such Auctioneer, Appraiser, Broker, Valuer, or Accountant.

LIII. After the Commencement of this Act, the Duties of the Person by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, directed to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and to have the Custody of all Matters relating to Commissions of Bankrupt, and known as the Clerk of Enrolments in Bankruptcy in, shall be transferred to

the Chief Registrar; and all Records, Proceedings, Books, Papers, and Documents in the Possession of the said Clerk of Enrolments in the Place appointed by the Lord Chancellor for the Custody of the Matters aforesaid, shall be removed to the Office of the Court, and shall be there kept as Records of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency; and the said Chief Registrar shall enter of Record all Matters and Proceedings in Bankruptcy and Insolvency under this Act, or any Order to be made in pursuance hereof, directed to be entered of Record, or such Portions thereof in lieu of the whole as the Court shall by any Order direct.

LIV. It shall be lawful for the Chief Registrar to enter of Record any Proceeding in Bankruptcy or Insolvency by this Act directed to be so entered, upon the Application of or on behalf of any Person interested therein, without special Order; and any Judge shall have full Power, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to direct any Commission of Bankrupt heretofore issued, and the Depositions and Proceedings had and taken under the same, and all Matters and Proceedings heretofore had in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, or such Part or Parts thereof as he shall think fit, to be entered of Record.

LV. The present Official Assignees in Bankruptcy shall continue to be Official Assignees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have all the Powers and Privileges, and shall be subject to the like Control; as if they had been appointed under this Act.

359

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland),

LVI. All the Estate and Effects of Insolvent Debtors now vested Estatesofinsol-in the Provisional Assignee of the Court for Relief of Insolvent vents now vested Debtors m Ireland shall vest in the Official Assignees appointed to^t in

under this Act. Official Assignees.

LVII. It shall be lawful for the Court to direct that the Official Official Assignees Assignees shall be joined and act with the existing Creditors actors Assignees. Assignees in any Matter of Insolvency or Bankruptcy pending at the Commencement of this Act, and to direct the existing Assignees to pay and deliver* over to the Official Assignees all Monies, Securities,

Books, Property, and Effects in their Possession as such Assignees, and that all the Estate and Effects in such Insolvency shall vest in the Official Assignees jointly with the Creditors Assignees.

LVIIL It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor at any Time to Official Assignee remove any Official Assignee from his Office. removable.

LIX. Upon any Vacancy in the Office of Official Assignee, it shall Appointment of be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to appoint a Assignees;

proper Person, being a Merchant, Broker, or Accountant, to act as Official Assignee for the Purposes of this Act; and such Official who shall give Assignee shall give such Security, and be subject to such Rules, and ecurit^-act in such Manner, and perform such Duties, as may from Time to Time be directed by any General Order.

LX. The Official Assignees for the Time being and their Sue- Duties of Official cessors when appointed shall be Assignees of each Bankrupt's and As8, Snees-Insolvent's Estate and Effects, and act with the Assignee (if any) chosen by the Creditors; but the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of every Bankrupt and Insolvent, and the Income and Proceeds thereof, shall be possessed and received by the Official Assignees alone, save where it shall be otherwise directed by the Court.

LXI. All Stock in the Public Funds or of any Public Company, Money, &c. to be and all Monies, Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, or other Public the Bamk^8 Securities, and all Bills, Notes, and other negotiable Instruments Ireland, belonging to the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, shall be forthwith transferred, delivered, and paid by such Official Assignees into the Bank of Ireland, and shall from Time to Time be kept there to the Credit of the Official Assignees and of the Creditors Assignee, or (if any) subject to such Order and Regulation for the keeping of the Account of the said Monies and other Effects, and for the Payment, Delivery, and Investment of the same, as the Court shall: direct:

Official Assignees.

Messengers to follow Instructions of Official Assignee.

Official Assignee to act as sole Assignee till Creditors choose Assignees, &c.

Not to interfere with Creditors Assignees in Appointment, &c. of Solicitor, &c.

Official Assignee not personally liable for Acts done in Execution of his Duty.

If Official Assignee made Defendant in certain Cases, Court may set aside Proceedings.

Remuneration to Official Assignee.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland),

direct: Provided always, that the Court may by Order sanction the Official Assignees retaining in their Hands, out of the Monies so received by them as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding at any One Time Five hundred Pounds in respect of all the Estates vested in them.

LXII. The Messengers shall follow the Instructions of the Official Assignees, subject to the Directions and Control of the Court, with respect to the taking and keeping Possession of the Bankrupt's and Insolvent's Estate or Effects.

LXIII. Until Assignees shall be chosen by the Creditors, the Official Assignees shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever be the Assignees of every Bankrupt's and Insolvent's Estate and Effects, and, if the Court shall so order, may sell or otherwise dispose of any Property which from its Nature or for any other Reason the Court shall think ought to be disposed of without Delay.

LXIV. After Assignees have been chosen by the Creditors, the Official Assignees shall not interfere with the Creditors Assignees in the Appointment or Removal of a Solicitor or Attorney.

LXV. No Official Assignee shall be personally liable by reason of any of the Matters upon which an Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall have been grounded being insufficient to support such Adjudication, or in respect of his Receipt in his official Capacity of any Money or negotiable Instruments, provided he shall not have dealt with the same otherwise than as directed by the Court, or required by this Act, or by any Order made in pursuance of this Act.

LXVI. If an Official Assignee is made a Defendant in any Action in respect of such Money or negotiable Instruments, a Judge of the Court in which the Action is brought may, upon an Affidavit of Facts, stay or set aside the Proceedings in such Action so far as the Official Assignee is concerned, and make such Order as to Costs as to the Judge shall seem meet.

LXVII. The Court may order to be paid out of any Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate to the Official Assignee, as a Remuneration for his Services, such Percentage on the Amount realized as shall upon Consideration of the Circumstances of each Case appear to be just and reasonable.

LXVIII. On

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

361

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

LXVIII. On or before the First Day of March in every Year, if Official Assignees. Parliament be then sitting, or if not within Fourteen Days from the Returns to Parlia-Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, there shall ment by Official be laid before Parliament a Return by the Official Assignees in the Ass, gneo?5 Form contained in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, showing the Particulars in such Form mentioned in respect of every Estate under their Charge, and which shall not have been finally wound up on the Thirty-first Day of December in the preceding Year; and such Return to be certified by shall be certified by the Chief Registrar, and shall be subject to such Chief ReS, strar-further Regulation, as to the Form of the same or otherwise, as the Judges of the Court may from Time to Time think fit to make.

Messengers.

LXIX. There shall be Two Messengers of the Court, who shall be As to Appoint-appointed from Time to Time by Warrant under the Hand of the Judges of the Court, and shall continue in Office at the Pleasure of gers. the Judges of the Court; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Cljan-cellor to direct, with reference both to the present and any future Messengers, that a Salary not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum be paid to each Messenger in lieu of all Fees.

LXX. It shall be lawful for the Court to appoint by Warrant as aforesaid Assistant Messengers of the Court in special Cases: The Duties of the Messengers shall be such and they shall give such Security as the Court shall by any General Order from Time to Time direct: It shall be lawful for the Court by any General or Special Order to direct from Time to Time how and by whom, or out of what Fund under the Control of the Court, and according to what Scale, the travelling and other Expenses of the Messengers incurred in performing such Duties shall be paid.

Power to appoint Assistant Messengers in special Cases.

Duties of Messengers.

Travelling Expenses, &c. how paid.

LXXI. If any present or future Messenger shall act as Agent in Messengers not any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or stipulate for or obtain, directly or to act as Agent3' indirectly, out of or from any Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, or any Person engaged therein, any Remuneration for his Services except as provided for by this Act, he shall for ever thereafter be incapable of holding the Office of Messenger; and every Messenger shall, before Oath to be taken he shall be capable of acting in the Execution of his Office, take before^ctin6" before the Commissioner the following Oath; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly

execute the several Orders which I shall receive from the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in any Matter in which I am or shall hereafter be appointed to act as Messenger; and that I will ' not knowingly suppress or conceal the Truth, or suggest or practise ' any Falsehood in respect to anj thing relating to any Bankruptcy

or Insolvency, or any of the Proceedings thereunder.

So help me GOD.

4 Y LX XII. It

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insovlency [Ireland).

Messengers.

Messenger may break open the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Doors, &c., and seize upon his Body or Property.

LXXII. It shall be lawful for any Messenger of the Court and his Assistants, acting under Warrant of the Court, to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of any Bankrupt or Insolvent where such Bankrupt or Insolvent or any of his Property shall be reputed to be, and seize upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt and Insolvent; and if the Bankrupt or Insolvent be iu Prison or in Custody it shall be lawful for the Messenger and his Assistants to seize any Property of the Bankrupt or Insolvent (save the Articles excepted in this Act and his necessary Wearing Apparel) in the Custody or Possession of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, or of any other Person, in any Prison or Place where such Bankrupt or Insolvent is in Custody.

Execution of Warrant in England.

LXXIII. It shall be lawful for the Messenger and his Assistants, acting under Warrant of the Court, to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of the Bankrupt or Insolvent in England where such Bankrupt or Insolvent or any of his Property shall be reputed to be, and to seize upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and also to execute within England such Search Warrant as herein-before mentioned; provided such Warrant and Search Warrant respectively shall have been verified upon Oath before and backed or endorsed by any Justice of the Peace in England, who is hereby required within his Jurisdiction to back or endorse the same.

Execution of Warrant in Scotland.

LXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Messenger and his Assistants, acting under Warrant of the Court, to break open any House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of the Bankrupt or Insolvent in Scotland where such Bankrupt or Insolvent or any of his Property shall be reputed to be, or to seize upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and also to execute within Scotland such Search Warrant as herein-before mentioned; provided such Warrant and Search Warrant respectively shall have been verified upon Oath, and backed or endorsed by any Judge Ordinary or Justice of the Peace in Scotland, who are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, to back or endorse the same.

Authority of Mes- LXXV. Such Warrant so endorsed shall be sufficient Authority aay to the Messenger or his Assistant bringing such Warrant, and to all Officers of the Law in England and Scotland, to execute the same within the County, City, or Burgh wherein it is so endorsed, and in virtue thereof to break open the House, Chamber, Shop, Warehouse, Door, Trunk, or Chest of such Bankrupt, or Insolvent, and to seize upon the Body or Property of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXVI. The

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

LXXVI. The Court may order to be paid to any Messenger, in addition to his Salary, out of the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, a Percentage not to exceed Two and a Half per Cent, on the Amount realized from the Goods and Chattels seized by such Mesenger.

LXXVII. The Registrars, the Chief Clerk, the Official Assignees, the Officers, and the Messengers of the Court shall be exempted from serving any Parochial Office or on any Jury or Inquest.

Messengers *

Remuneration to Messengers.

Exemptions and Disqualifications > of Officers, $c.

Officers exempt from serving on Juries, &c.

LXXVIII. No present or future Judge or Officer of the Court shall No Judge, &c. while in Office practise as a Barrister; and the Registrars, Official ^Barrister Assignees, and all other Officers appointed or to be appointed under this Act, except the Judges of the Court, shall from and after the Registrars, &c. to passing of this. Act be considered to be Officers of the Court of the°Cour?f Chancery in Ireland, and subject and liable to the like Incapacity of Chancery, acting as Attornies or Solicitors, and to the same Liabilities and Penalties as to Removal from Office for Misconduct, and as regards the exacting or taking any Fee or Sum of Money not allowed by Law, and generally in all respects as any Officer of the said Court is or may be by Law liable or subject to. Salaries <$r

LXXIX. The Salaries and Compensations made payable under this Salaries of Act to the Judges, Registrars, Chief Clerk, Officers, and Messengers MeTrengersTo be shall be paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions paid out of Funds whatsoever, except the Tax on Income, on the usual quarterly Days, p^ilament out of the Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account, and, if that should prove deficient, out of the Suitors Fee Fund of the Court of Chancery, and in the event of both Funds proving insufficient the Balance to be paid out of such Funds as Parliament shall from Time to Time provide for the Purpose; and if any Person holding either of the said Offices shall die, resign, or be removed from the same, the Executor or Administrator of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning or being removed, shall be entitled to receive a proportionable Part of his Salary for the Time that such Person shall have executed his Office since the last Payment.

LXXX. All Compensations and Annuities which shall have been Compensations ordered to be paid, and continue payable, under the Ninth Section of undeMS^'^W the Statute Sixth and Seventh William the Fourth, Chapter Fourteen, c. 14. continued, shall be charged upon and paid to the Persons entitled thereto out of the Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account, and shall be paid and payable to such Persons free from all Taxes, except the Tax on Income, and for such Term and in such Manner as may have already been ordered under the said Act.

LXXXI. Her

Salaries, $c.

Power to Her Majesty to grant Retiring Pensions to Judges.

As to Retiring Allowance to present Commissioner of Insolvent Court in Ireland.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

LXXXI. Her Majesty may grant unto any Person executing the Office of Judge of the Court in pursuance of this Act an Annuity not exceeding Two Thirds of his Salary as such Judge, to commence immediately after the Period when the Person to whom such Annuity shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Judge, and to continue from thenceforth during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted; and such Annuity shall be paid quarterly, free from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever except Income Tax, by equal Portions, on the same quarterly Days as the Salary of such Judge was payable; and the First quarterly Payment, or a proportionate Part thereof, to be computed from the Time of the Resignation of the said Office, shall be made on each of the same Days as shall happen next after the Resignation of the said Office; and the Executors and Administrators of the Person to whom the same Annuity shall be granted as aforesaid shall be paid such proportionate Part of the said Annuity as shall accrue from the Commencement or the last quarterly Payment thereof, as the Case may be, to the Day of his Death; provided, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to limit the Duration of Payment of such Annuity or any Part thereof to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not exercise any Office of Profit under Her Majesty, so that such Annuity, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the Salary to which such Person was entitled as Judge of the Court; provided also, that no Annuity granted to any Person having executed the Office of Judge under this Act shall be valid unless such Person shall have continued in the said Office, or in the said Office and the Office of Commissioner of the said Court of Bankruptcy, for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the Grant; and provided also, that if the Judges by this Act appointed to be the First Judges of the Court, or either of them, shall resign Office within Seven Years after the passing of this Act, the retiring Annuity of such Judge shall be estimated on his present Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, and not on the increased Salary given by this Act.

LXXXII. The present Commissioner of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland shall be entitled to receive during his Life, by way of retiring Pension, an annual Sum equivalent to the Amount of his Salary, payable out of the same Funds and in the same Manner as his present Salary; provided that in case the said Commissioner should hereafter be appointed to any Office, the Amount of the Salary which he shall receive in respect of such

Office

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Office shall be deducted from the Amount of the retiring Pension Salaries, S^c. which he is entitled to receive under this Act.

LXXXIII. The present Clerk of Inrolments in Bankruptcy, and Compensation to any other Officer of the Court of Chancery and the Chief Clerk and another other Officers of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Officers whose Ireland, whose Office or the Emoluments thereof may be affected by ^cte^by^hla6 the Operation of this Act, and who shall not be appointed to an Act.

Office of equal Value under this Act, and the late Assistant Messenger of the Court of Bankruptcy, shall be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury within Six Months after the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners' shall, in such Manner as they shall think fit, inquire into the Nature and Tenure of the said Offices, and what were the lawful Salary, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments in respect of which such Compensation should be allowed; and the said Commissioners shall award such Compensation as they shall think just and adequate; and such Compensation shall be payable out of such Funds as Parliament shall provide for the Purpose, and shall be paid at such Times as the Commissioners shall by any Order or Orders from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that any such Officer who shall have held Office under the Court for the Period of Thirty Years next preceding the passing of this Act shall be awarded Compensation equal to the full Amount of the Salary of which he shall have been deprived.

LXXXIV. A Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds out of Bankruptcy or Suitors Fee Funds, and, in case of Deficiency, out of such Funds as Parliament shall provide for the Purpose, shall be subject to all such Orders as shall from Time to Time be made by the Lord Chancellor for Payments thereout in respect of the Salaries of any additional Clerks in the Office, Court Keeper, and Tipstaff, or for Stationery, Coals, and Candles for the Use of the Court, Rent of the Buildings, incidental Expenses, and in respect of all Expenses incurred in carrying this Act into effect: All Accounts for Stationery and other incidental Expenses of the Court or the Offices thereof shall be audited and allowed by One of the Judges before any Order for Payment shall be obtained.

Sum not exceeding 400l. per Annum to be subject to Orders of Lord Chancellor for incidental Expenses

Place, for holding the Court, , fyc. c.

LXXXV. Until more suitable Accommodation shall be provided, Sittings, &c. to be all Sittings of the Court in Dublin, and all Meetings of Creditors ^FoOT^Ionrts*8 convened bjr public Advertisement under this Act, shall (unless the subject to Order Court shall otherwise direct) be held in the Buildings at the Four of the Court. Courts now used by the Commissioners of Bankruptcy; and the Court may, if deemed expedient, use for its Sittings, and for any other of its Purposes, the Court House and Buildings situate on Lower

4 Z Ormond

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Place for holding Ormond Quay in the City of, and known as the Insolvent

the Court, SfC. Debtors Court

Court may alter LXXXVI. It shall be lawful for the Court, with the Consent of Place o itting. Lord Chancellor, to fix and appoint any other Place for the Name of Court. Sittings of the Court: The Place in which the Sittings of the Court shall from Time to Time be held may be called the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

Power to employ LXXXVII. In order to facilitate the Discharge of the Business Shorthand Writer. of £be Court m taking the Evidence of Parties examined viva voce *, the Court may from Time to Time, when it shall appear necessary, direct the Employment of a Shorthand Writer, and by any General or Special Order define his Duties and the Amount of his Remuneration.

Shorthand Writer LXXXVIII. Before such Shorthand Writer shall act in the Per-ing^Oath'Lfore''" formance of the Duties imposed on him, he shall take an Oath in the acting. Presence of One of the Judges of the Court to the Effect following;

(that is to say,)

J (A.B.) do swear, That I will faithfully and truly take down the ' Evidence to be given by Persons to be examined in the Matter of, and will deliver true and faithful Transcripts

thereof as the Court shall direct. '

Remuneration to Shorthand Writer.

Persons liable to become bankrupt.

LXXXIX. Such Shorthand Writer shall be paid such Remuneration out of the Estate as the Court shall order, and shall furnish Copies of the Evidence to the Parties entitled thereto, on Payment of such Fees as the Court shall by any General or Special Order direct.

XC. All Alum Makers, Apothecaries, Auctioneers, Bankers, Enumeration of Bleachers, Brokers, Brick Makers, Builders, Calenderers, Carpenters, the Traders liable Carriers, Cattle or Sheep Salesmen, Coach Proprietors, Cowkeepers, to become bank- Dyers, Fullers, Keepers of Inns, Taverns, Hotels, or Coffee Houses, rupt' Limeburners, Livery Stable Keepers, Market Gardeners, Millers,

Packers, Printers, Shipowners, Shipwrights, Victuallers, Warehousemen, Wharfingers, Persons using the Trade or Profession of a Scrivener receiving other Men's Monies or Estates into their Trust or Custody, Persons insuring Ships or their Freight or other Matters against Perils of the Sea, and all Persons using the Trade of Merchandise by way of bargaining, Exchange, bartering, Commission, Consignment, or otherwise, in gross or by retail, and all Persons who either for themselves or as Agents or Factors for others seek their Living by buying and selling, or by buying and What Persons not lett*nS for Hire, or by the Workmanship of Goods or Commodities,

to be deemed such shall be deemed Traders liable to become bankrupt; provided, that Traders. no

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

no Farmer, Grazier, common Labourer, or Workman for Hire, Receiver General of the Taxes, or Member of or Subscriber to any incorporated Commercial or Trading Company established by or under Charter or Act of Parliament, shall be deemed as such a Trader liable to become bankrupt.

t

XCI. If any such Trader having Privilege of Parliament shall commit any Act of Bankruptcy he may be dealt with under this Act in like Manner as any other Trader, but such Person shall not be subject to be arrested or imprisoned during the Time of such Privilege, except in Cases made Felonies or Misdemeanors by this Act.-

XCII. If any such Trader shall depart this Realm, or being out of this Realm shall remain abroad, or shall depart from his Dwelling House or otherwise absent himself, or begin to keep his House, or suffer himself to be arrested or taken in Execution for any Debt not due, or yield himself to Prison, or suffer himself to be outlawed, or procure himself to be arrested or taken in Execution, or his Goods, Money, or Chattels to be attached, sequestered, or taken in Execution, or make or cause to be made, either within this Realm or elsewhere, any fraudulent Grant or Conveyance of any of his Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Surrender of any of his Copyhold Lands or Tenements wheresoever situate, or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of any of his Goods or Chattels, every such Trader doing, suffering, procuring, executing, permitting, making, or causing to be made any of the Acts, Deeds, or Matters aforesaid, with Intent to defeat or delay his Creditors, shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy.

XCIII. If any such Trader shall execute any Conveyance or Assignment by Deed of all his Estate and Effects to a Trustee or Trustees for the Benefit of all the Creditors of such Trader, the Execution of such Deed shall not be deemed an Act of Bankruptcy unless a Petition of Bankruptcy be filed within Three Months from the Execution thereof, provided such Deed shall be executed by every such Trustee within Fifteen Days after the Execution thereof by the Trader, and the Execution by the Trader and by every such Trustee be attested by an Attorney or Solicitor, and Notice thereof be given within One Month after the Execution thereof by such Trader, in case such Trader reside in Dublin or within Forty Miles thereof, in the " Dublin Gazette," and also in Two Dublin daily Newspapers, and in case such Trader does not reside within Forty Miles of Dublin, then in the " Dublin Gazette" and in One Dublin daily Newspaper and One Provincial Newspaper published near to such Trader's Residence, and such Notice shall contain the Date and

Execution

Persons liable to become bankrupt.

Traders Laving Privilege of Parliament.

Acts of Bankruptcy.

Departing the Realm, absenting, beginning to keep House, yielding to Prison, fraudulent Outlawry, Arrest, Attachment, Execution, Conveyance, Surrender, Gift, Delivery, or Transfer;

Conveyance of a Trader's Property not an Act of Bankruptcy unless a Petition for Adjudication be filed within Three Months;

Acts of Bankruptcy.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Execution of such Deed, and the Name and Place of Abode respectively of every such Trustee and Attorney or Solicitor.

As to any Provision on such Conveyance for Allowance to Trader;

Lying in Prison and escaping out of Prison;

Filing a Declaration of Insolvency;

Compounding with Petitioning Creditor;

XCIV. Any Provision in any such Conveyance or Assignment for any Allowance to the Trader executing the same, not exceeding the Amount to which such Trader would he entitled in Bankruptcy, shall not prevent such Conveyance or Assignment given being considered as a Conveyance or Assignment of all such Trader's Estate or Effects within the Meaning of this Section.

XCV. If any such Trader, having been arrested or committed to Prison for Debt, or on any Attachment for Nonpayment of Money, shall, upon such or any other Arrest or Commitment for Debt or Nonpayment of Money, or upon any Detention for Debt, lie in Prison for Twenty-one Days, or, having been arrested or committed to Prison for any other Cause, shall lie in Prison for Twenty-one Days after any Detainer for Debt lodged against him, and not discharged, every such Trader shall thereby be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy; or if any such Trader, having been arrested, committed, or detained for Debt, shall escape out of Prison or Custody, every such Trader shall be deemed to have thereby committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of such Arrest, Commitment, or Detention.

XCVI. If any such Trader shall fiie in the Office of the Court a Declaration in Writing, in the Form contained in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, or in such other Form as the Court may by any General Order fix and direct, signed by such Trader, and attested by an Attorney or Solicitor, that he is unable to meet his Engagements, every such Trader shall be deemed thereby to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of filing such Declaration, provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed and prosecuted by or against such Trader within Two Months from the filing of such Declaration.

XCVII. If any such Tradet, after the filing of any Petition of Bankruptcy against him, shall pay Money to the Petitioning Creditor, or give or deliver to such Petitioning Creditor any Satisfaction or Security for his Debt or for any Part thereof, whereby such Petitioning Creditor may receive more in the Pound in respect of his Debt than the other Creditors, such Payment, Gift, Delivery, Satisfaction, or Security shall be an Act of Bankruptcy; and if Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall have been made under such Petition, the Court may either declare such Adjudication to be valid, and direct the same to be proceeded in, or may order it to be annulled, and a Petition or new Petition for Adjudication may be filed, and such Petition or new Petition may be supported either by Proof of such last-mentioned or any other Act of Bankruptcy.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

XCVIII. If any Plaintiff shall recover Judgment in any Action for the Recovery of any Debt or Money Demand in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts against any such Trader, and shall be in a Situation to sue out Execution upon such Judgment, and there be nothing due from such Plaintiff by way of Set-off against such Judgment, and such Trader shall not, within Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing personally served upon such Trader, requiring immediate Payment of such Judgment Debt, pay, secure, or compound for the same to the Satisfaction of such Plaintiff, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Fifteenth Day after Service of such Notice.

XCIX. If any Decree or Order shall be pronounced in any Cause depending in any Court of Equity, or any Order shall be made in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy against any such Trader, ordering such Trader to pay any Sum of Money, and such Trader shall disobey such Decree or Order, the same having been duly served upon him, the Person entitled to receive such Sum under such Decree or Order, or interested in enforcing the Payment thereof pursuant thereto, may apply to the Court by which the same shall have been pronounced to fix a peremptory Day for the Payment of such Money, which shall accordingly be fixed by an Order for that Purpose; and if such Trader, being personally served with such last-mentioned Order Fourteen Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Money, shall neglect to pay the same, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Day next after the Day so appointed for Payment of such Money.

C. If any such Trader shall apply to the Court by Petition for his Discharge as an Insolvent Debtor, or to any Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England or, the filing of such

Petition shall be an Act of Bankruptcy, if within Two Months a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed and prosecuted against or by such Trader.

CI. The filing by any such Trader of a Petition under an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Insolvent Debtors in India, and the Adjudication of an Act of Insolvency under that Act, shall for the Purposes of this Act be conclusive Evidence of an Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Trader at the Time of filing such Petition, or of filing the Petition on which the Adjudication of an Act of Insolvency shall be made; and any Creditor or Creditors of such Trader, whose Debt 5 A or

Acts of Bankruptcy.

Trader not paying, securing, cr compounding for a Judgment Debt upon which the Plaintiff might sue out Execution within Fourteen Days after Notice requiring Payment;

Trader disobeying Order of a Court of Equity, &c. for Payment of Money after Service of peremptory Order for Payment on a certain Day;

Filing Petition of Insolvency in England, Scotland, or Ireland;

Filing Petition in Insolvent Debtors Court in India;

Acts of Bankruptcy.

Filing Petition for Arrangement between a Trader Debtor and his Creditors;

Trader having Privilege of Parliament not paying or compounding to the Satisfaction of the Creditor, and entering Appearance to Action \vithin One Month.

Manner of making a Debtor a Bankrupt by Affidavit of Debt, and giving Notice that Affidavit has been filed, and that immediate Payment is required.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

or Debts shall be of sufficient Amount to enable him or them to petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy under this Act, may at any Time within Two Months after Notice of the Insolvency shall have been given in the "London Gazette" as directed by the said Act for amending the Laws relating to Insolvent Debtors in, petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy under this Act against such Trader, under which all such Proceedings may be taken as are authorized by this Act, subject to such Exceptions and Provisions as are contained in the last-mentioned Act in this Behalf.

CII. The filing of a Petition by any such Trader for an Arrangement between him and his Creditors, under the Superintendence of the Court, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be conclusive Evidence of an Act of Bankruptcy committed at the Time of filing such Petition, provided a Petition for Adjudication shall be filed against or by him within Two Months after the Petition for Arrangement shall have been dismissed; but no Adjudication shall be made on such Act of Bankruptcy unless such Petition for Arrangement shall have been dismissed.

CIII. In case any such Trader has Privilege of Parliament, any Creditor or Creditors of such Trader to an Amount requisite to support a Petition for Adjudication may file an Affidavit in any of the Superior Courts of Record in Dublin that such Debt is justly due, and that such Debtor is, according to the Belief of the Party swearing, such Trader, and may sue out of the same Court a Writ of Summons in the Form contained in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, against such Trader, and serve him with a Copy of such Summons; and if such Trader shall not, within Twenty-one Days after personal Service of the Summons, either pay, secure, or compound for such Debt to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond for such Amount, and with such sufficient Sureties, as any Judge of the Court issuing the Summons shall approve of, to pay such Sum and Costs as shall be recovered in such Action, such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service of such Summons.

CIV. If any Creditor of any such Trader to an Amount requisite to support a Petition for Adjudication shall file in the Court an Affidavit that such Debt is justly due, and shall cause him to be served personally with a Copy of such Affidavit, and with a Notice in Writing stating that such Affidavit hath been filed, pursuant to this Act, and requiring immediate Payment of such Debt, and if such Trader shall not within Fourteen Days after personal Service

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

of such Affidavit and Notice, or within such further Time as the If Trader shall Court shall order, pay such Debt, or secure or compound for the teen^ays1 ^tisfy same to the Satisfaction of such Creditor, or enter into a Bond in Creditor, Lie shall such Sum and with Two such sufficient Sureties as shall be approved be de"e<Jt0 hav, °

rsr committed an Act of by the Court, or by any Master Extraordinary of the Court of Bankruptcy.

of Chancery, to pay such Sum as shall be recovered in any Action which shall have been brought or shall thereafter be brought for the 'Recovery of the same, together with such Costs as shall be given in the same, or to render himself to Custody according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall have been or may be brought, or within such Time and in such Manner as the said Court or any Judge thereof shall direct, after Judgment shall have been recovered in such Action, then and in any such Case such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Fifteenth Day after Service of such Affidavit and Notice, provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against or by such Trader within Two Months from the filing of such Affidavit, but not otherwise. by Nonpayment

after Summons.

CV. If any Creditor of any such Trader shall file an Affidavit Creditor making in the Office of the Court, in the Form specified in Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed, or to the like Effect, of the Truth of his Debt, summon the and of the Debtor, as he verily believes, being such Trader, and of Trader-the Delivery to such Trader personally, or to some adult Inmate at his usual or last known Place of Abode or Business, of an Account in Writing of the Particulars of his Demand, with a Notice thereunder requiring immediate Payment thereof, in the Form specified in Schedule (F.) annexed to this Act, or to the like Effect, it shall be lawful for the Court to issue a Summons, in the Form contained in Schedule (G.) annexed, or to the like Effect, to this Act, calling upon such Trader to appear before the Court, and stating in' such Summons the Purpose for which such Trader is called upon to appear as herein-after provided.

CVI. If the Demand of the Creditor appear by such Affidavit to Delivery of Notice, be due from Two or more Persons as Partners, the Affidavit of the Partnership^ Delivery of such Account and Notice to any One of the Partners personally, or to some adult Inmate, at his usual or last known Place of Abode or Business, and also at the Place of Business of the Firm, shall be sufficient to authorize the Court to issue such Summons against any other of such Partners, as well as against the Partner served personally with such Account and Notice.

CVII. On the Appearance of any such Trader so summoned, Manner of pro-the Court may require him to state whether or not he admits the ^a^n0fhthc

Demand Trader.

Acts of Bankruptcy by Nonpayment after Summons.

Trader not attending Summons, or refusing to admit the Demand, &c., and not paying or compounding within a certain Time, or giving Bond for Payment of the same, if recovered in Action, &c. with Costs, to be an Act of Bankruptcy.

Trader signing Admission, and not paying, securing, or com-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Demand of the Creditor, or any and what Part thereof; and if such

Trader shall admit such Demand or any Part thereof, the Court

may reduce such Admission into Writing, in the Form contained in Schedule (H.) annexed to this Act or to the like Effect, and such Admission so reduced into Writing such Trader is hereby required to sign, and being so signed the same shall thereupon be filed in the Bankrupt Office; and the Court may examine such Trader as to whether he has a good Defence on the Merits to the whole or Part of such Demand, and after such Examination may, if it think fit, allow such Trader to make a Deposition upon Oath, in Writing under his Hand, to be filed in such Office, in the Form contained in Schedule (I.) annexed to this Act, or to the like Effect, that he verily believes he has a good Defence upon the Merits to such Demand, or to some and what Part thereof, and in such Case the Court may at the same Time require such Trader to enter into a Bond, according to the Form contained in the Schedule (J.), or to the like Effect, to this Act annexed, in such Sum, and with Two sufficient Sureties, as the Court shall approve of, to pay such Amount and Costs as shall be recovered in any Action brought for the Recovery of such Demand or any Part thereof.

CVIII. If any such Trader so summoned shall not come before the Court at the Time appointed (having no lawful Impediment proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, and allowed), or if any such Trader upon his Appearance to such Summons, or at any Enlargement or Adjournment thereof, shall refuse to admit such Demand, and shall not make a Deposition in the Form aforesaid that he believes he has a good Defence upon the Merits to such Demand or some Part thereof, and (if required by the Court so to do) enter into such Bond as last aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases, if such Trader shall not within Seven Days after personal Service of such Summons, or within such enlarged Time as may be granted to him in that Behalf, pay, secure, or compound for such Demand to the Satisfaction of such Creditor, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two sufficient Sureties, as such Court shall approve of, to pay such Sum and Costs as shall be recovered in any Action brought for the Recovery of the same, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Eighth Day after Service of such Summons, provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against or by such Trader within Two Months from the filing of such Affidavit.

CIX. If any such Trader so summoned as aforesaid shall, upon his Appearance, sign and file an Admission of the whole or any Portion of such Demand, and shall not within Seven Days next

after

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland),

after the filing of such Admission pay or tender to such Creditor the pounding within

Amount of such Demand, or such Portion thereof so admitted, or Arto^ankruptcy!

secure or compound for the same to the Satisfaction of the Creditor,

every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of

Bankruptcy on the Eighth Day after the filing of such Admission,

provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against or by such

Trader within Two Months from the filing of such Affidavit.

CX. If any such Trader so summoned as aforesaid, who shall upon his Appearance sign an Admission for Part only of such Demand in the Form aforesaid, shall not make a Deposition in the Form aforesaid that he believes he has a good Defence on the Merits to the Residue of such Demand, and, if required by the Court so to do, enter into such Bond as aforesaid to pay such Sum and Costs as shall be recovered in any Action for the Recovery of such Residue, then and in such Case, if such Trader shall not within Seven Days after personal Service of such Summons or Notice, or within such enlarged Time as shall be granted to him in that Behalf, pay, secure, or compound for such Residue to the Satisfaction of such Creditor, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two sufficient Sureties, as the Court shall approve of, to pay such Sum and Costs as shall be recovered in any Action brought for the Recovery of such Residue, every such Trader shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Eighth Day after Service of such Summons, provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against or by such Trader within Two Months after the filing of such Affidavit.

Trader admitting Part only of a Demand, &c., and not paying, &c. the Sum admitted, and as to Residue not paying the same, &c., or giving Bond to pay the same, if recovered in an Action, with Costs, an Act of Bankruptcy.

CXI. If any such Trader so summoned as aforesaid shall upon his What shall be Appearance refuse to sign the Admission in that Behalf required, ^Xd^Debt!9*1 whatever may be the Nature of his Statement, or whether he makes any Statement or not, it shall be deemed for the Purposes of this Act that every such Trader thereby refuses to admit such Demand: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court, Court may enlarge upon reasonable Cause shown, to enlarge the Time for calling upon Adm^ssion^of such Trader to state whether or not he admits such Demand or any entering into Part thereof, and for entering into such Bond, or for any of such Bond' &c' Matters, for such Time as the Court shall think fit.

CXII. An Admission of any Debt made after such Summons, and Admission of Debt, signed by any such Trader elsewhere than before the Court, may tha^f/courtjf be filed in the Office of the Court, and shall be of the same Force attested by and Effect as an Admission signed by such Trader on his Appearance in Court; and such Admission may be in the Form contained Force as an in Schedule (K.) to this Act annexed or to the like Effect; and pro- Signed

vided, that there be present some Attorney of One of Her Majesty's 5 B Superior

Acts of Bankruptcy by Nonpayment after Summons.

Court may award Costs to the Creditor or to the Trader.

Notice of Acts of Bankruptcy to Agents of Corporate Bodies, &c.

No Person liable upon Act of Bankruptcy committed more than Six Months before Petition, &c.

Procedure in Bankruptcy.

Proceedings in Bankruptcy to originate by Petition to the Court of Bankruptcy without Commission, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Superior Courts of Law on behalf of such Trader, expressly named by him, and attending at his Request, to inform him of the Effect of such Admission, before the same is signed by such Trader; and provided also, that such Attorney do subscribe his Name thereto as a Witness to the due Execution thereof, and in such Attestation declare himself to be Attorney for the said Trader, and state therein that he subscribes as such Attorney.

CXIII. Where any such Trader shall be summoned to appear before the Court, every such Creditor or Trader shall have such Costs as the Court in its Discretion shall think fit, or the Court may direct the Costs of either Party of and incident to such Affidavit and Summons to abide the Event of any Action which shall have been brought or shall thereafter be brought for the Recovery of such Demand or any Part thereof, and in such Case such Costs shall be Costs in the Cause, and recovered under the Judgment and Execution in such Action, or the Court may make such Order in relation to such Costs as to the Court shall seem fit and just; provided, that no Costs shall be allowed under this Section to any Creditor who adopts the Proceedings provided for by this Act, and proceeds by Action at Common Law for the same Debt simultaneously.

CXIV. If any Secretary, public Officer, or other accredited Agent of any Body Corporate or public Company shall have had Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy, such Body Corporate or Company shall be deemed to have had such Notice.

CXV\ No Person shall be liable to be declared a Bankrupt by reason of any Act of Bankruptcy committed more than Six Months prior to the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy; and no Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall be deemed invalid by reason of any Act of Bankruptcy prior to the Debt of the Petitioning Creditor.

CXVI. Proceedings to obtain Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall be by Petition (such Petition, if presented by a Creditor, being in the Form specified in the Schedule (L.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and the Truth thereof verified by the Affidavit of the Petitioner, in the Form specified in the Schedule (M.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and if presented by a Trader, being in the Form specified in the Schedule (N.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and the Truth thereof verified by the Affidavit of such Trader, in the Form specified in the Schedule (M.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect); and every such Petition shall be filed and prosecuted as directed by this Act; and from and after the filing of such Petition the Court shall have full Power

and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

apd Authority to take such Order and Direction with the Body of the Bankrupt as mentioned in this Act, as also with all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, both within this Realm and abroad, as well Copy or Customaryhold as Freehold, which he shall have in his own Right before he became bankrupt, as also with all such Interest in any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as such Bankrupt may lawfully depart withal, and with all his Money, Fees, Offices, Annuities, Goods, Chattels, Wares, Merchandise, Rights*; Credits, Effects, and Debts, wheresoever they may be found or known, and to make or order Sale thereof in manner herein mentioned, or otherwise order the same for Satisfaction and Payment of the Creditors of the Bankrupt.

CXVII. The Amount of the Debt of Creditors petitioning for Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall be as follows; (that is to say,)

The Debt of a single Creditor shall amount to Fifty Pounds or upwards:

The Debt of Two Creditors shall amount to Seventy Pounds or upwards:

The Debt of Three or more Creditors shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards:

Every Person who has given Credit to any Trader upon valuable Consideration for any Sum payable at a certain Time, which Time shall not have arrived when such Trader committed an Act of Bank* ruptcy, may so petition or join in petitioning whether he shall have had any Security in Writing for such Sum or not.

CXVIII. A Petition of Bankruptcy against any Person by any Copartnership duly authorized to sue in the Name of its public Officer may be filed by such public Officer as the nominal Petitioner on behalf of such Copartnership.

CXIX. A Petition of Bankruptcy against any Trader by any Body Corporate, or incorporated or Joint Stock or public Company, may be verified by the Affidavit of its Secretary, public Officer, or other Agent duly authorized on that Behalf.

CXX. Any such Trader may petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy against himself.

CXXI. If the Petitioning Creditor shall not proceed and obtain an Adjudication within Five Days after his Petition shall have been filed, or within such extended Time as shall be allowed by the Court, the Court may, at any Time within Seven Days then next following, upon the Application of any other Creditor to the Amount required

Procedure in Bankruptcy.

Amount of Petitioning Creditors Debt.

Debt may be payable at a future Time although Security given.

Petition for Adjudication may be made by the public Officer of certain Copartnerships.

Verification of Petition of Bankruptcy. B

Trader may petition against himself.

If Adjudication be not obtained within Five Days after Petition, any other Creditor may proceed on it.

376

Procedure I in Bankruptcy.

Petitions may be presented against One or more Partners, and Petitions against Two or more Persons may be dismissed as to One or more without affecting the rest.

Proceedings in Cases of a Second Petition against One or more Members of a Firm.

In case Trader against whom a Petition has been filed be about to quit Ireland, or to remove or conceal his Goods, with Intent to defraud Creditors, he may be arrested, and his Goods seized;

Trader so arrested may apply to the Court for his Discharge forthwith.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

to constitute a Petitioning Creditor, proceed to adjudicate on such Petition, upon the Proof of the Debt of such Creditor, and of the other Requisites to support such Petition (except the Debt of the Petitioning Creditor); but if neither the Petitioner nor any other Creditor shall within such Seven Days, or within such extended Time as may be granted by the Court for that Purpose, apply to the Court to proceed to Adjudication, such Petition shall be forthwith dismissed.

CXXII. Any Creditor whose Debt is sufficient to entitle him to petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy against all the Partners of any Firm may petition for such Adjudication against One or more Partners of such Firm, and every such Petition shall be valid although it does not include all the Partners of the Firm; and in every Petition for Adjudication against Two or more Persons the Court may dismiss the same as to One or more of such Persons, and the Validity of such Petition shall not be thereby affected as to any Person as to whom such Petition is not ordered to be dismissed, nor shall any such Person's Certificate be thereby affected.

CXXIII. After a Petition of Bankruptcy filed against or by One or more Member or Members of a Firm, and upon any Petition or Petitions of Bankruptcy against or by any other Member or Members of such Firm, or against the whole Firm, all the Estate, Heal and Personal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall vest in the Official Assignees and the Creditors Assignee (if any) under the First Petition; and thereafter all separate Proceedings under such subsequent Petition or Petitions shall, without affecting the Validity of the First Petition, be annexed to and form Part of the First Petition.

CXXIV. Whenever any Petition of Bankruptcy shall have been filed against any Person, and it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that there is probable Cause for believing that such Person has quitted or is about to quit Irela ', or has removed or is about to remove or conceal any of his Goods or Chattels, with Intent to defraud his Creditors, unless he be forthwith apprehended it shall be lawful for the Court to issue a Warrant directed to a Messenger of the Court and his Assistants, or to such Person or Persons as the Court shall think fit, whereby such Messenger and his Assistants, or other Person or Persons, shall have Authority to arrest and commit to such Prison as the Court shall think fit the Person against whom such Petition shall have been filed, and also to seize his Books, Papers, Monies, Securities for Monies, Goods and Chattels, wheresoever he or they may be found, and him and them safely keep until such Person shall be discharged by the Court: Provided always, that any Person arrested upon any such Warrant, or whose Books, Papers,

Monies,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Monies, Securities for Monies, Goods or Chattels, have been seized _ Procedure under any such Warrant, may apply to the Court for an Order on the *"

Petitioning Creditor to show Cause why the Person arrested should not be discharged out of Custody, or why his Books, - Papers, Monies,

Securities for Monies, Goods, and Chattels should not be delivered up to him, and it shall be lawful for such Court to make absolute or discharge such Order.

CXXV. If in any Case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of If Bankrupt be the Court that any Bankrupt is keeping out of the Way, and cannot ^ay "or be aboot° be personally served with a Summons, and that due Pains have been to quit Ireland, taken to effect such personal Service, or that there is probable Cause for believing that he is about to quit Ireland, or to remove or conceal his Arrest, any of his Goods or Chattels, unless he be forthwith apprehended, it shall be lawful for such Court by Warrant to authorize and direct any Person or Persons it shall think fit to arrest such Bankrupt, and bring him before the Court to be examined, in like Manner as if he appeared upon a Summons.

CXXVI. The Court, before Adjudication, may summon before it Court may, before any Person whom such Court shall believe capable of giving any ^monWitnesses Information concerning the Trading of or any Act of Bankruptcy to prove Trading committed by the Person against whom any Petition of Bankruptcy ^t(^ct of Bank* has been filed, and may require any Person so summoned to produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings and other Documents in his Custody, Possession, or Power, which may appear to the Court to be necessary to establish such Trading or Act of Bankruptcy; and it shall be lawful for the Court to examine any such Person upon Oath, by Word of Mouth or Interrogatories in Writing, concerning such Trading and Act of Bankruptcy.

CXXVII. The Court, under a Petition filed by a Creditor, shall, Court to make upon Proof of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading certain' &C and Act of Bankruptcy of the Person against whom such Petition is Proofs, filed, adjudge such Trader bankrupt, or if, in case of the Failure of the Petitioning Creditor to proceed and obtain Adjudication within Five Days after his Petition shall have been filed, or within such extended Time as may be allowed by the Court, another Creditor shall apply for Adjudication upon such Petition, theu upon such Application, and Proof of such Creditor's Debt, and of the Trading and Act of Bankruptcy of the Person against whom such Petition is filed, the Court shall adjudge such Trader bankrupt; and under a Petition filed by a Trader, the Court, upon the Application of such Trader, and upon Proof of the Trading, shall adjudge such Trader bankrupt; and any such Petition not effectually prosecuted to an 5 C Adjudication

Procedure in Bankruptcy.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Adjudication within Fourteen clear Days after its Date shall be dismissed, unless the Court shall enlarge the Time for proceeding thereunder.

In case Petitioning CXXVIII. If after Adjudication the Debt of the Petitioning

taraffldenvCourt Creditor shall be found by the Court to be insufficient to support may proceed upon such Adjudication, it shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Appli-

an*5 ^fher°Creditor cat*on any °ther Creditor, having proved any Debt sufficient to wimse Debt k support an Adjudication, to order the Petition of Bankruptcy to be sufficient. proceeded in, and it shall by such Order be deemed valid.

Bankrupt to have CXXIX. Before Notice of any Adjudication of Bankruptcy on Advertisement of any Creditor's Petition shall be given in the Dublin Gazette" a Adjudication, and Duplicate of such Adjudication shall be served on the Person adjudged Tnir^Days for bankrupt, personally, or by leaving the same at the usual or last such Time not known Place of Abode or Place of Business of such Person; and Day^as^h^Court such Person shall be allowed Three Days, or such extended Time, shall think fit, to not exceeding Seven Days in the whole, as the Court shall think fit, A^ffication8Rin8t ^rom the Service of such Duplicate, to show Cause to the Court against the Validity of such Adjudication; and if such. Person shall within such Time show: to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Petitioning Creditor's Debt, Trading, and Act of Bankruptcy upon which such Adjudication has been grounded, or any or either of such Matters, are insufficient to support such Adjudication, and if no other Creditor's Debt, Trading, and Act of Bankruptcy sufficient to support such Adjudication shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, the Court shall thereupon order such Adjudication to be annulled, and the same shall be annulled accordingly; but if at the Expiration of the said Time no Cause shall have been shown to the Satisfaction of the Court for the annulling of such Adjudication, the Court shall forthwith cause Notice of such Adjudication to be given in the " Dublin GazetteProvided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the immediate Seizure of the Goods of the Bankrupt upon the Adjudication of Bankruptcy.

Court to appoint CXXX. The Court shall in every such Notice of Adjudication, raptto^urrender" an^ *n every Notice of Adjudication on the Petition of any such and conform. Trader, appoint Two public Sittings of the Court for the Bankrupt to surrender and conform, the last of which Sittings shall be on a Day not less than Twenty Days and not exceeding Forty Days from such Advertisement, and shall be the Day limited for. such Surrender:

Provided always, that the Court shall have Power from Time to Time to enlarge the Time for the Bankrupt surrendering himself for such Time as the Court shall think fit.

CXXXI. If

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CXXXI. If any Person so adjudged bankrupt shall, before the Expiration of the Time allowed for showing Cause, surrender himself* and give his Consent to such Adjudication being advertised, the Court shall forthwith cause the Notice of Adjudication to be advertised, and appoint the Sittings for the Bankrupt to surrender and conform.

Procedure in Bankruptcy.

Adjudication may, with Bankrupt's Consent, be advertised before the Expiration of the Time allowed for showing Cause.

CXXXII. Immediately after the Insertion of the Notice of Adjudication in the Gazette, or if the Bankrupt, before the Expiration of the Time allowed for showing Cause against the Adjudication, surrender himself, and give Consent to such Insertion, then immediately after such Surrender the Bankrupt shall (if thereunto required by the Official Assignee) deliver up to the Official Assignee, upon Oath to be made before the Court or any Registrar thereof, or before a Master Ordinary or Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justice of the Peace, all Books of Account, Papers, and Writings relating to his Estate in his Custody or Power, and discover such as are in the Custody or Power of any other Person; and every Bankrupt not in Prison or Custody shall at all Times after such Surrender attend the Assignees, upon every reasonable Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by them to him, or left at his usual or last known Place of Abode, and shall assist such Assignees in making out the Accounts of his Estate; and such Bankrupt, after he shall have surrendered, may, at all seasonable Times before the Expiration of such Time as shall be allowed to him to finish his Examination, inspect his Books, Papers, and Writings in the Presence of his Assignees, or any Person appointed by them, and bring with him each Time any Two Persons to assist him; and every such Bankrupt, after he shall have obtained his Certificate, shall, upon Demand in Writing given to him or left at his usual or last known Place of Abode, attend the Assignees to settle any Accounts between his Estate and any Debtor to or Creditor thereof, or attend any Court of Record to give Evidence touching the same, or do any Act necessary for getting in or protecting the said Estate, for which Attendance he shall be paid by the Official Assignee out of his Estate such Sum as the Court shall direct.

Bankrupt to deliver up his Books of Account, &c. to the Official Assignee, upon Oath;

to attend Assignees;

to be at liberty to inspect Books, &c .;

and after Allowance of Certificate, to attend Assignees in settling Accounts.

Allowance for Attendance.

CXXXIII. If the Bankrupt be not in Prison or in Custody at the Date of the Adjudication, he shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment by any Creditor in coming to surrender, and after such Surrender during the Time by this Act limited for such Surrender, and for such further Time as shall be allowed him for finishing his Examination, and for such Time after finishing his Examination until his Certificate be allowed, as the Court shall from Time to Time think fit to appoint; and whenever. any Bankrupt is in Custody under any Process, Attachment, Execution, Commitment, or Sentence, the Court may, by ' Warrant

If Bankrupt be not in Prison or Custody, to be free from Arrest in coming to surrender, &c., and if in Prison may be brought up by Warrant to be examined or to surrender, &c., and if in Prison for Debt the Court may, except in

certain Cases, order his Release, absolutely or conditionally.

If arrested, to be discharged on producing Protection.

Penalty on Detention.

Petitioning Creditor to proceed at his own Costs until Choice of Assignees.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Warrant directed to the Person in whose Custody he is confined, cause him to be brought before it at any Sitting, either public or private, and if he be desirous to surrender he shall be so brought up, and the Expense thereof shall be paid out of his Estate, and such Person shall be indemnified by the Warrant of the Court for bringing up such Bankrupt; and where any Person who has been adjudged bankrupt, and has surrendered, and obtained his Protection from Arrest, is in Prison or in Custody for Debt at the Time of his obtaining such Protection, the Court may, except in the Cases next herein-after mentioned, order his immediate Release, either absolutely or upon such Conditions as it shall think fit: Provided always, that the Court shall not order such Release where it shall appear that he is in Custody for any Debt contracted by Fraud or Breach of Trust, or by reason of any Prosecution against him whereby he had been convicted of any Offence, or for any Debt contracted by reason of any Judgment in any Proceeding for Breach of the Revenue Laws, or in any Action for Breach of Promise of Marriage, Seduction, Criminal Conversation, Libel, Slander, Assault, Battery, malicious Arrest, malicious Trespass, maliciously suing out a Commission of Bankrupt, or maliciously filing or prosecuting a Petition for Adjudication in Bankruptcy: Provided also, that such Release shall in nowise affect any Rights of the Creditor at whose Suit the Bankrupt may be in Custody against the Bankrupt, except the Right of detaining him in Custody whilst protected from Imprisonment by Order of the Court.

CXXXIV. If any Bankrupt shall be arrested for Debt in coming to surrender, or shall, after his Surrender, and while protected by Order of the Court, be so arrested, he shall, on producing such Protection to the Officer who shall arrest him, and giving such Officer a Copy thereof, be immediately discharged; and if any Officer shall detain any such Bankrupt after he shall have shown such Protection to him, except for so long as shall be necessary for obtaining a Copy of the same, such Officer shall forfeit to such Bankrupt, for his own Use, the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day he shall detain such Bankrupt, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in the Name of such Bankrupt, with full Costs of Suit.

CXXXV. The Petitioning Creditor shall, at his own Costs, file his Petition, and prosecute the same, until the Choice of Assignees by the Creditors; and the Court shall, at or after the Sitting for such Choice, make Order for the Payment of such Costs out of the Estate of the Bankrupt in course of Priority to be settled by any General Order to be made in pursuance of this Act,

CXXXVI. No

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CXXXVI. No Petition of Bankruptcy shall be dismissed, nor any Adjudication reversed, by reason only that the Petition or Act of Petition, &c. not - Bankruptcy has been concerted or agreed upon between the Bankrupt, reason'onbr^f his Solicitor or Agent, or any of them, and any Creditor or other Concert. Person.

CXXXVII. If any Bankrupt shall die after Adjudication the Court may proceed Court may proceed in the Bankruptcy as if such Bankrupt were Deatho^Bank^ living. rupt.

CXXXVIII. The Bankrupt shall prepare such Balance Sheet and Last Examination. Accounts, and in such Form as the Court shall direct, and shall The Bankrupt to subscribe such Balance Sheet and Accounts, and file the same in the prepare and file a Bankrupt Office, and deliver a Copy thereof to the Official Assignee, ^countsf&c* Ten Days at least before the Day appointed for the last Examination, or the Adjournment Day thereof; and such Balance Sheet and Accounts may before such last Examination be amended from Time to Time as Occasion shall require and such Court shall direct; and the Bankrupt shall make Oath of the Truth of such Balance Sheet and Accounts, whenever he shall be duly required by the Court so to do; and the Court may, on the Application of the Assignees or of the Bankrupt, make such Allowance out of the Estate of the Bankrupt for the Preparation of such Balance Sheet and Accounts, and to such Person, as the Court shall think fit, in any Case in which it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, from the Nature of the Accounts or other good Cause, that the Bankrupt required Assistance in that Behalf.

CXXXIX. If any Bankrupt apprehended by any Warrant of the As to Bankrupt

Court shall, within the Time allowed for him to surrender, submit ^an^wad

to be examined, and in all things conform, he shall have the same afterwards sub-

Benefit as if he had voluntarily surrendered. mitting to be

J examined.

CXL. It shall be lawful for the Court, at the Time appointed Court may adjourn for the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or at any Enlargement or Examination Adjournment thereof, to adjourn such Examination sine die.

CXLI. It shall be lawful for the Court, at the Time appointed Protection of for the last Examination of the Bankrupt, or any Enlargement or from

Adjournment thereof, whether the Examination shall be passed or not, to order that the Bankrupt shall be free from Arrest or Imprisonment for such Time (if any) as such Court shall from Time to Time think fit to appoint.

5 D CXLII. When-

Last Examination.

If Bankrupt in Custody, Court may appoint a Person to attend him with Books, Papers, &c.

Certificate of Conformity *

Mode of obtaining Certificate of Conformity.

Form of Certificate.

Notice of Allowance.

Effect of Certificate.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CXLII. Whenever any Bankrupt is in Custody the Court may appoint a Person to attend him from Time to Time, and produce to him his Books, Papers, and Writings, in order that he may prepare his Balance Sheet, and show the Particulars of his Estate and Effects, previous to his last Examination.

CXLIII. Forthwith after the Bankrupt shall have passed his last Examination, if no Prosecution shall have been directed by the Court, nor any Charge of Fraud have been entered on the Proceedings, nor any Objection to the signing of the Certificate be entered in the Court, the Certificate of Conformity shall be prepared by the Chief Registrar, and signed by the Court, and Notice of the Allowance of such Certificate shall be advertised in the " "

in such Manner as may be directed by any General Order; but if any Objection to the granting of the Certificate be made before or at the last Examination, then the Court shall appoint a public Sitting for the Allowance of the Certificate (whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in the " Dublin Gazette "), and at such Sitting or any Adjournment thereof the Assignees, or any of the Creditors of such Bankrupt, may be heard against the Allowance of such Certificate; and the Court, having regard to the Conformity of the Bankrupt to the Law of Bankruptcy, and to his Conduct as a Trader before as well as after his Bankruptcy, and whether the Allowance of such Certificate be opposed by any Creditor or not, shall judge of any Objection against allowing such Certificate, and either find the Bankrupt entitled thereto, and allow the same, or suspend the Allowance thereof for any Period not exceeding Three Years.

CXLIV. The Certificate of Conformity shall be in Writing under the Seal of the Court and the Hand of One of the Judges of the Court, and shall certify that the Bankrupt has made a full Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and in all things conformed, and that, so far as the Court can judge, there does not appear any Reason to question the Truth or Fulness of such Discovery, and shall be in the Form contained in Schedule (O.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect j and Notice of the Allowance of such Certificate shall be advertised in the " Dublin Gazette " in such Manner as may be directed by any General Order to be made in pursuance of this Act.

CXLV. The Certificate of Conformity shall, subject to the Provisions herein contained, discharge the Bankrupt from all Debts due by him at the Date of the filing of the Petition of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Bankruptcy, and from all Claims and Demands provable under the Bankruptcy: Provided always, that no such Certificate shall release or discharge any Person who was a Partner with such Bankrupt or was jointly bound or had made any joint Contract with such Bankrupt.

CXLVI. Any Contract or Security made or given by any Bankrupt or other Person unto or in trust for any Creditor, for securing the Payment of any Money due by such Bankrupt at his Bankruptcy as a Consideration or with Intent to persuade such Creditor to forbear opposing, or to consent to the Allowance of the Bankrupt's Certificate, shall be -void, and the Money thereby secured or agreed to be paid shall not be recoverable.

CXLVII. No Bankrupt after his Certificate shall have been allowed shall be liable to pay or satisfy any Debt, Claim, or Demand from which he shall have been discharged by virtue of such Certificate, or any Part of such Debt, Claim, or Demand, upon any Contract, Promise, or Agreement made after the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy; and the Money thereby secured or agreed to be paid shall not be recoverable.

CXLVIII. Any Bankrupt who shall, after his Certificate shall have been allowed, be arrested or have any Action brought against him for any t)ebt, Claim, or Demand provable under his Bankruptcy, shall be discharged, and may plead in general that the Cause of Action accrued before he became bankrupt, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and such Bankrupt's Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence of the Trading, Bankruptcy, Petition for Adjudication, and other Proceedings precedent to the obtaining such Certificate; and if any such Bankrupt shall be taken in Execution or detained in Prison for such Debt, Claim, or Demand, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court wherein Judgment has been so obtained, on such Bankrupt producing his Certificate, to order any Officer who shall have such Bankrupt in Custody by virtue of such Execution to discharge such Bankrupt, without exacting any Fee, and such Officer shall be hereby indemnified for so doing.

CXLIX. Any Bankrupt, at any Time after Adjudication, may call a Meeting of his Creditors (whereof and of the Purport whereof Ten Days Notice shall be given in the " Dublin Gazette "); and if the Bankrupt or his Friends shall make an Offer of Composition, and Three Fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors assembled at such Meeting, or represented at such Meeting by an Agent authorized in Writing, shall agree to accept the same, another Meeting

for

Certificate of Conformity *

Security to induce Creditor to forbear Opposition to Certificate void.

Bankrupt not liable upon any Promise to pay Debt discharged by Certificate.

Bankrupt having obtained his Certificate free from Arrest.

Certificate to be Evidence of the Bankruptcy and Proceedings, and Bankrupt in Execution may be discharged.

Composition after Bankruptcy.

If after Adjudication Three Fifths in Number and Value of Creditors accept Composition, the same shall bind the rest.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Composition after for the Purpose of deciding upon such Offer shall be appointed to be Bankruptcy, whereof such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and Notice of the Meeting, and of the Composition to be offered, shall also be delivered to each Creditor, or left at his Place of Business or last or usual Place of Abode, or transmitted to him by Post, Ten Days before such Second Meeting; and if at such Second Meeting Three Fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors then present or represented by an Agent authorized in Writing shall also agree to accept such Offer, the Court may, upon such Acceptance being testified in Writing, and upon Payment of such Sum as the Court shall direct, annul the Adjudication of Bankruptcy; and every Creditor of such Bankrupt shall be bound to accept of such Composition.

Mode of voting in deciding upon such Composition.

Bankruptcy of Joint Stock Companies.

CL. In deciding upon the Offer of Composition, no Creditor whose Debt is below Twenty Pounds shall be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value; and every Creditor to the Amount of Fifty Pounds and upwards, residing out of Ireland, shall be served personally, or in such other Form as

the Court shall direct, with a Copy of the Notice of the Meeting to decide upon such Offer as aforesaid, and of the Purpose for which the same is called, so long before such Meeting as that he may have Time to vote thereat; and if any Creditor shall agree to accept any Gratuity or higher Composition for assenting to such Offer, be shall forfeit the Debt due to him, together with such Gratuity or Composition; and the Bankrupt shall (if thereto required) make Oath before the Court that there has been no such Transaction between him, or any Person with his Privity, and any of the Creditors, and that he has not used any undue Means or Influence with any of them to attain such Assent.

If any Joint Stock Company shall commit an Act of Bankruptcy, a Petition of Bankruptcy may be prosecuted as against other Bankrupts, subject to the Provisions herein made.

CLI. If any Joint Stock Company within the Meaning of this Act shall commit any Act which by this Act is to be deemed an Act of bankruptcy on the Part of any such Company, a Petition of Bankruptcy may be filed against such Company, upon the Petition of any Creditor or Creditors of such Company (whether a Member or Members of such Company or not) to such Amount as is requisite to support a Petition of Bankruptcy; and the Judges of the Court may proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts, subject always to the Provisions herein-after made.

Bankruptcy of CLII. The Bankruptcy of any such Company in its associated

Company not to be CapacJty shall not be construed to be the Bankruptcy of any Member the Bankruptcy of v r J J

any Member in- ol such Company m his individual Capacity, dividuallj.

CLIII. If

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CLIII. If any such Company shall, by virtue of a Resolution to be duly passed in that Behalf by the Directors of such Company, file or cause to be filed in the Court a Declaration in Writing, in the Form specified in the Schedule (C.) No. 2, hereunto annexed, that the said Company is unable to meet its Engagements, such Declaration being under the Common Seal of such Company, and if such Company have no Common Seal, then signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors who was present at the passing of such Resolution, and in either Case such Declaration being attested by the Attorney or Solicitor of the said Company for the Time being, every such Company shall be deemed thereby to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy at the Time of filing such Declaration, provided a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against such Company within Two Calendar Months from the filing of such Declaration.

CLIV. If any Plaintiff shall recover Judgment in any Action for the Recovery of any Debt or Money Demand in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, against any such Company, and shall be in a Situation to sue out Execution upon such Judgment, and there be nothing due from such Plaintiff which may be set off against such Judgment, and such Company shall not, within Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing served upon the said Company, requiring immediate Payment of such Judgment Debt, pay, secure, or compound for the same to the Satisfaction of such Plaintiff, such Company shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Fifteenth Day after Service of such Notice,

Bankruptcy of Joint Stock Companies.

Declaration of Insolvency in pursuance of a Resolution of the Directors, &c., and filed in the Office of the Court, to be an Act of Bankruptcy.

Company not paying, securing, or compounding for a Judgment Debt, within Fourteen Days after Notice, an Act of Bankruptcy.

CLV. If any Decree or Order shall be pronounced in any Company disobey-Court of Equity, or any Order shall be made in any Matter of Cou^o^EquUy^ Bankruptcy or Lunacy against any such Company, ordering any &c. for Payment of Sum of Money to be paid by such Company, and such Company OrdeHbr

shall disobey such Decree or Order, the Person entitled to receive Payment on a such Sum under such Decree or Order, or interested in enforcing the Payment thereof, may apply to the Court by which the same shall Bankruptcy, have been pronounced to fix a peremptory Day for the Payment of such Money, which shall accordingly be fixed by an Order for that Purpose; and if such Company, being served with such last-mentioned Order Fourteen Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Money, shall neglect to pay the same, such Company shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Day so appointed for the Payment of such Money,

CLVI. If any Creditor of any such Company to such an Amount Creditor filing an as is requisite to support a Petition for Adjudication shall file an ^be Court^f^ Affidavit in the Court that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to the Company do him or them respectively from the said Company, and shall cause pay^mir^o^1178 5 E such

compound to the Satisfaction of the Creditor an Act of bankruptcy.

Assignees of the Estate of a Company may maintain Action to recover a Debt; and any Person may claim any Debt due on the Balance of Accounts.

Member's Share not to be set off against a Demand which the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of a Company may have against such Member.

The Court may order the Directors of a Company adjudged bankrupt, &c. to prepare, verify, and file a Balance Sheet and Accounts.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

such Company to be served with a Copy of such Affidavit, and with a Notice in Writing, stating that such Affidavit hath been filed pursuant to this Act, and requiring immediate Payment of such Debt, and if such Company shall not, within Twenty-one Days after such Service, pay, secure, or compound for such Debt or Debts to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond with Two such sufficient Securities as shall be approved of by the Court or by any Master Extraordinary of the Court of Chancery to pay such Sum as shall be recovered in any Suit for the Recovery of the said Debt, every such Company shall be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy on the Twenty-second Day of the Service of such Notice and Affidavit.

CLVII. It shall be lawful for the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any such Company to maintain any Suit against any Person (whether a Member of such Company or not), to recover any Debt or Demand on behalf of the said Company against such Person, and for any Person to prove or claim against such Company such Debt or Demand as may be due to him or them (whether a Member of such Company or not) on the Balance of Accounts between him and the said Company.

CLVIII. No Claim or Demand which any Member of any such Company may have in respect of his Share of the Capital or Joint Stock thereof, or of any Dividends, Interests, Profits, or Bonus payable or apportionable in respect of such Share, shall be capable of being set off against any Demand which the Assignees of such Company may have against such Member on account of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, but all Proceedings in respect of such Matter or Thing may be carried on as if no Claim or Demand existed in respect of such Capital or Joint Stock, or of any Dividends, Interests, Profits, or Bonus payable or apportionable in respect thereof.

CLIX. The Court may at any Time after the Advertisement of the Bankruptcy of any such Company or Body in the Dublin Gazette order that the Persons who were at the Date of such Petition Directors of such Company, or such of them as the Court shall think fit, or if there be no Directors then that such Members of the Company as the Court shall think fit, shall prepare such Balance Sheet and Accounts, and in such Form as the Court shall direct, and shall subscribe such Balance Sheet and Accounts, and file the same, and deliver a Copy thereof to the Assignee Ten Days at least before the last Examination; and such Balance Sheet and Accounts, before such last Examination, may be amended from Time to Time as Occasion shall require and the Court shall direct; and such Persons shall make Oath of the Truth of such Balance Sheet and Accounts whenever they shall be

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

be duly required so to do; and the Court may from Time to Time Bankruptcy of make such Allowance out of the Estate of such Company for the Companies.

Preparation of such Balance Sheet and Accounts, and to such Person ;

or Persons as the Court shall think fit.

CLX. Every such Person ordered to prepare such Balance Sheet Persons ordered

and Accounts shall be under the like Obligation to surrender and to prepare^he* 4°

sign and subscribe such Surrender, and to submit to be examined Balance Sheet to

before the Court from Time to Time upon Oath, and to make a full obHgaUo^to sur-

and true Discovery of the Estate and Effects of such Company, and render at the last

shall incur such Danger or Penalty for not surrendering, or for not toTu^mktcTbe11'1

signing or subscribing such Surrender, or for not coming before the examined, &c., and

Court, or for refusing to be sworn and examined, or for not fully ©anger or Penalty

answering to the Satisfaction of the Court, or for refusing to sign or for not conforming,

subscribe his Examination, or for not delivering up at the last &.j 5s 18 pr° '

° vided against a

Examination all such Part of the Estate of such Company, and all Bankrupt.

Books, Papers, and Writings relating thereunto, as shall be in his Possession, Custody, or Power, or for removing, concealing, or embezzling any Part of such Estate to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, or any Books of Account, Papers, or Writings relating thereto, with Intent to defraud the Creditors of such Company, as is provided as to a Bankrupt for not conforming to the like Requisitions for the Discovery of and in relation to the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt.

CLXI. Every such Person so ordered to prepare such Balance Persons ordered to

Sheet and Accounts shall have such Freedom from Arrest and PrPare

. ., Balance sheet to

Imprisonment in coming to surrender, and such Discharge if arrested have the same in coming to surrender, as a Bankrupt may have under a Petition of ^rsete" Ar* Bankruptcy against him; and such Person or Persons, if in Prison, Bankrupt, may be brought before such Court by Warrant in like Manner as such Bankrupt now may.

CLXII. Where any Person who, at or before the Date of a Peti- As to Costs where tion of Bankruptcy filed against any such Company, was a Member m^neTw^aMem-of such Company, shall be summoned to attend before the Court, her of Company, every such Person shall have such Costs and Charges (if any) as the Court shall think fit.

CLXIII. If any Person who, at or before the Date of the Petition Penalty on Persons against any such Company, was a Member of such Company, but not ^[^t^Estate being a Person so ordered as aforesaid to prepare such Balance of the Company. Sheet and Accounts, or if any other Person, shall wilfully conceal any Real or Personal Estate of any such Company, and shall not within Thirty Days after the Advertisement of the Adjudication against such Company discover such Estate to the Court, or to the Assignees,

every

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Bankruptcy of every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and "companies. double the Value of the Estate so concealed.

The Court, after CLXIV. After the Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall have been Adjudication, may advertised, it shall be lawful for the Court to order any Treasurer surer &c or other Officer, or any Attorney or Solicitor or other Agent of

deliver to the the Company adjudged bankrupt, to pay and deliver over to the or^o Bank ofnire- Assignees, or to the Bank of Ireland or any of the Branches thereof, land, all Monies, all Monies or Securities for Money in his Custody, Possession, or &c. in his Custody. power as SUch Officer or Agent, and which he is not by Law entitled to retain as against the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or his or their Assignees.

The Court may give Directions for winding up the Affairs of the Company,

CLXV. It shall be lawful for the Court to make all such Orders and give all such Directions as shall be necessary for the final winding-up and settling the Affairs of such Company, and to compel a just Contribution from all the Members of such Company towards the full Payment of all the Debts and Liabilities of such Company, and of the Costs of winding-up and finally settling the Affairs of such Company, and for that Purpose to take all such Accounts and make all such Inquiries as shall be required; and the Court may order Payment to the Assignees of the several and respective Sums of Money which shall be found necessary and proper to be paid in or towards Satisfaction of the Debts which by the Proceedings in Bankruptcy shall have been found to be due to the Creditors of such Company, and all Persons having Claims and Demands thereon, and also in satisfaction of Costs, and may order the Assignees to apply such Sums of Money in satisfaction of such Debts, Claims, and Demands, and Costs.

Power of Court to CLXVI. It shall be lawful for the Court at any Time after Ad-make Calls. judication, and from Time to Time, to make Calls on all or any of the Members or Contributories of the Company for Payment of all or any Sums the Court may deem necessary to satisfy the Debts of the Company and the Costs of winding it up.

Court may stay Prosecution of Actions.

CLXVII. It shall be lawful for the Court at any Time after the Adjudication of Bankruptcy shall have been advertised, by its Order, to stay the Prosecution of any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, or the issuing of any Execution, in respect of any Debt or Demand proveable under the Petition against the Property or Person of any Member or former Member of such Company, either absolutely or on such Terms and Conditions as to the Court shall seem fit.

The Court shall CLXVIII. Previous to passing the last Examination under a Caiweofnthethe Petition against any such Company it shall be the Duty of the Court

to

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

to inquire into the Cause of the Failure of such Company; and after Failure of Com-the passing of such last Examination, or after the Time allowed by of the Court for that Purpose shall have elapsed, the Court shall cause the Balance Sheet a Copy of the Balance Sheet filed in the Court to be transmitted to rt'f

the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and the Court shall at the Cause of the/ the same Time certify in Writing to the said Committee what, in the Failure, and any Opinion of the Court, was the Cause of the Failure of such Company, siances.^irCUm* ' and state any special Circumstances relating to the Formation or Management of the Affairs of such Company which to the Court shall seem expedient and material, and shall cause to be annexed to such Certificate a Copy of the Examination of any Person or Persons taken under such Petition, and which the Court shaft deem material, relating to the Formation or Management of the Affairs of such Company or Body.

CLXIX. After the Court shall have certified to the said Committee When Court snail

the Cause of the Failure of any such Company, it shall and may be cauMof1

lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon the Recom- Failure of any)

mendation of the said Committee, by any Instrument in Writing Company,

J JP Her Majesty may

under Her or their Great Seal of Ireland, to signify Her or their revoke any Privi-

Pleasure for revoking and making void, and thereby to revoke and to make void, all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages at any Time

by any Charter or Letters Patent or Act of Parliament granted to

such Company, and to determine the same, and thereupon the said

Powers, Privileges, and Advantages shall accordingly be revoked, and the same Company shall be determined, without any Inquisition,

Scire facias, or any Matter or Thing to make void or determine the same, anything in such Charter or Letters Patent or Act of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXX. After the Court shall have certified to the said Com- The Board may mittee the Cause of the Failure of any such Company, the said ^U^tihbef0a^he° Committee may, whenever it shall think fit, cause all the Papers Attorney General relating to such Failure, and to the Formation and Management of thereon"

such Company, and to the Conduct of any of the Directors or- other Officers of the said Company therein, or to any or either of such Matters, to be laid before Her Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, who shall direct whether any and what Proceedings shall be taken thereupon against any Person who was a Director or other Officer of such Company, or any other Person.

CLXXI. Until the Determination of such Company by Her Until Determina- Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, such Company, and the Persons by^ho^Crownjt who were Officers thereof at the Time of such Determination, shall shall be considered respectively be considered as subsisting, and as continuing such and ouvkh-Officers as aforesaid, for all the Purposes for which the same was standing such 5 F originally

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Determination, originally constituted, and that, notwithstanding such Determination shall be considered j j a *

as subsisting for as aforesaid, the same shall be considered as subsisting and continuing

winding up. respectively so long and so far as may be necessary for the winding

up of the Concerns of such Company.

Notwithstanding CLXXII. Notwithstanding the Determination of any Company

CompTny^nTny ky any other Means than as last aforesaid, such Company, and the other Manner, the Persons who were Officers thereof at the Time of such Determination, sfdered*assubsist- respectively be considered as subsisting, and as continuing such

ing so long as any Officers as aforesaid, for all the Purposes of this Act, so long unsettledremam 80 *ar as any Matters relating to such Company shall remain

unsettled.

When Company to CLXXIII. In all Cases in which a Joint Stock Company shall IrislTcom^ny carry on Business in Ireland and elsewhere, if the Head Office of the Company shall be or shall have last been in Ireland, such Company shall be deemed an Irish Company within and subject to the Provisions of this Act.

Service of Order, See. on Company.

Jurisdiction of Court against Joint Stock Companies.

Call to have Effect of Decree in Chancery.

Act not to apply to Companies registered under 19 & 20 Vict. c. 47.

Procedure in Insolvency,

Persons imprisoned for Debt

CLXXIV. Service of any Order, Summons, Notice, or other Document on any Joint Stock Company, under the Provisions of this Act, may be made by delivering the same to the Chief Clerk or Secretary of the Company, or any Director of the Company personally, or by leaving the same at the Head Office of the Company with any Officer or Servant of the Company, or in such other Manner as the Court shall by any Special Order direct.

CLXXV. The Court shall in every Case of a Petition for Adjudicature against a Joint Stock Company have and exercise the same Powers, Authority, and Jurisdiction in all respects as in the Case of any Petition for Adjudication against a Trader.

CLXXVI. Any Call made by the Court under tills Act upon a Member or Contributory of a Joint Stock Company shall have the like Effect upon the Persons and Property of such Member or Contributor} ', and be enforced in the same Manner as an Order or Decree of the Court of Chancery.

CLXXVII. The Provisions of this Act which relate to the Bankruptcy of Joint Stock Companies shall not apply to any Company registered under the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, or any Act amending the same.

CLXXVIII. From and after the Time appointed for the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Debtor who shall be a Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act to apply by Petition to

the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

the Court for his Discharge from such Custody; and in such *°the

Petition shall be stated whether such Prisoner has been previously Discharge, bankrupt or insolvent, the Time and Place of the First Arrest of What shall be

such Prisoner, the Cause or Causes wherein he shall then be detained, .tated in the Peti '

7 . tion.

and the Time of his Commitment to the Prison where he shall then be confined, and also the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Prisoner shall at the Time of presenting

such Petition be detained in Custody, and the Amount of the Debt

or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, and of such Costs as aforesaid,

so far as the Amount of such Costs is ascertained, for which he shall be so detained, and such other Matters as the Court may by any General Order direct; and such Prisoner shall in such Petition

state that he is willing that all his Real and Personal Estate and

Effects shall be vested in the Official Assignees, and shall pray to be

discharged from Custody, and to have future Liberty of his Person

against the Demands of his Creditors; which Petition shall be sub- Petition to be

scribed by the said Prisoner, and shall forthwith be filed in the Court. 81gned and filed '

CLXXIX. Every such Prisoner shall, within Seven Days from Schedule to be the Time of filing such Petition, unless the Court shall extend filed* such Period, deliver unto the Court a Schedule, containing a full Contents of and fair Description of such Prisoner, as to his Name, Trade, and Schedule* Profession, together with his last usual Place of Abode, and the Place or Places where he has resided during the Time when his Debts were contracted, and also a full and true Description of all Debts due or growing due from such Prisoner at the Time of filing such Petition, and of all and every Person and Persons to whom such Prisoner shall be indebted, or who, to his Knowledge or Belief, shall claim to be his Creditors, together with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims respectively, distinguishing such as shall be admitted from such as shall be disputed, and also a full, true, and perfect Account of all the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, Real and Personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and also of all Places of Profit or Advantage held by such Prisoner, and also of all Pensions or Allowances of the said Prisoner, in possession or reversion, or held by any other Person or Persons for or on behalf of the said Prisoner, or of and from which the said Prisoner derives or may derive any Manner of Benefit or Advantage, and also of all Rights and Powers of any Nature and Kind whatsoever which such Prisoner, or any other Person or Persons in trust for such Prisoner, or for his Use, Benefit, or Advantage in any Manner whatsoever, shall be possessed of or interested in or entitled unto, or which such Prisoner, or any other Person or Persons in trust for him or for his Benefit, may dispose of, charge, or exercise for the Benefit or Advantage of such Prisoner, together with a full, true, and

Procedure in Insolvency.

General and Special Balance Sheets to be filed.

Form of Petition, Schedule, and Balance Sheets.

Court may commit Insolvent in neglecting to file his Schedule.

Detaining Creditors of Prisoners may apply by Petition to the Court to vest Debtors Estates in the Official Assignee.

Form of Creditor's Petition.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 00.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland),

perfect Account of all the Debts then due or growing due to such Prisoner, or to any Person or Persons in trust for him or for his Benefit or Advantage, either solely, or jointly with any Person or Persons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts shall be due or growing due, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts; and also a full and true Description and Valuation of the Wearing Apparel, and other Necessaries, not exceeding in Value in the whole Twenty Pounds, which such Prisoner is authorized to except, and such other Particulars as the Court may by any General or Special Order direct.

CLXXX. Such Prisoner shall with his Schedule file a General Balance Sheet of his Receipts and Expenditure from the Date of the earliest Debt in his Schedule up to the Time of filing his Schedule; such Prisoner shall also deliver to the Court a Special Balance Sheet of so much of the Receipts and Expenditures of such Prisoner as shall be at any Time required by the said Court.

CLXXXI. The said Petition, Schedule, and Balance Sheets may be in the Forms in Schedule (P.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, or in such other Form as the Court may direct, and shall be respectively verified on Oath.

CLXXXII. If any Insolvent shall neglect to file his Schedule within the Time limited by this Act, the Court may commit him to any Prison until he shall file such Schedule.

CLXXXIII. If any Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act shall not, within Twenty-one Days next after he shall be committed to or detained in Custody, make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons at whose Suit such Prisoner shall have been so committed or detained for the Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, for which such Prisoner shall be so committed or detained, it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the Court, praying that all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of such Prisoner may be vested in the Official Assignees according to the Provisions of this Act.

CLXXXIV. Such Petition shall be signed by the Party or Parties so applying or by his Attorney; and in such Petition shall be stated the Time and Place of the Commitment or Charge in Execution of such Prisoner at the Suit of the Party or Parties so applying, and the Amount of the Debt or Sum of Money for which such Prisoner shall have been so committed or detained; and such Petition shall be supported by such Evidence, by Affidavit or otherwise,

of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

of the Truth of the Matters therein stated, as the Court shall Procedure in

require; and the said Court shall and may require such Prisoner to file

his Schedule, and shall and may cause such Prisoner to be brought

up to be dealt with according to this Act, and all Things to be

done thereupon or preparatory thereto as in other Cases according to this Act; and such Creditor's Petition may be in the Form in

Schedule (Q.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

CLXXXV. Any Petition of Insolvency may be dismissed by Dismissal of the Court on such Terms as to Costs, or otherwise, as the Court Petition* may think fit.

CLXXXVI. At any Time after a Petition of Insolvency and Sche- Power to the dule have been filed it shall be lawful for the Court, if the Court shall think fit to do so, and on such Notice to the Creditors of such discharged on his Insolvent as the Court shall deem proper, to direct such Insolvent a^agafXfTime to be discharged out of Custody, on his finding Two sufficient and Place of Sureties to enter into a Recognizance to the Official Assignee of the Hearing.

Court in such Sum as the Court shall think fit, with a Condition that such Insolvent shall duly appear at the Time and Place fixed or which shall thereafter be fixed for the Hearing of the Petition of such Insolvent, and on every adjourned Hearing, and shall abide by the final Judgment of the Court, and on such other Terms (if any) as the Court shall think fit to impose, and to issue a Warrant directed to the Gaoler or Person in whose Custody such Insolvent shall be ordering the Discharge of such Insolvent.

CLXXXVII. After such Discharge the Insolvent shall be free After such Dis- from Arrest or Imprisonment by any Creditor whose Debt shall be ^befreedom"4 specified in the Schedule filed by such Insolvent as herein-before Arrest until mentioned, until the Time appointed for the Hearing of such Insol- HeannS-vent, and for such further Time (if any) as the Court shall from Time to Time appoint.

CLXXXVIII. No such Insolvent shall be so discharged until it Insolvent not to be shall appear to the Court that all the Chattel Property of such ^delwsreupall Insolvent has been delivered up to the Assignee, with all Books, Property.

Deeds, and Papers in his Possession, Power, or Procurement relating to his Estate or Effects.

CLXXXIX. In case any Insolvent so discharged out of Custody In case Insolvent shall not duly appear at the Time and Place fixed for the Hearing or appear.°l^cogni-any adjourned Hearing (not being prevented by Illness or other zance to be for-lawful Impediment to be allowed of by the Court), the Recognizance feited' &c' so entered into shall be forfeited, and the Court may make an Order t> G

on

Procedure in Insolvency.

Court may empower Persons in the Assize Towns to receive Recognizances.

Persons residing out of Dublin may enter into Recognizances. '

Court to regulate the Amount of such Recognizances.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

on such Sureties to pay to the Official Assignees the Amount of, such Recognizance, and Execution may thereon issue forthwith, and the Amount so recovered shall be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Insolvent, in like Manner as if the same were Part of his Estate and Effects; and the Court may also issue a Warrant authorizing any Person or Persons, to be therein named, to apprehend and arrest such Insolvent, and deliver him into the Custody of the Gaoler or Person in whose Custody such Prisoner was at the Time when he was so discharged as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person is hereby required to receive such Prisoner again into his Custody, and all Detainers which were in force against him at the Time of such Discharge, or which shall have since been duly lodged against him, shall thereupon be deemed to be in force: Provided also, that any Insolvent so discharged out of Custody as aforesaid shall, on his appearing before the Court, be deemed and considered, for all the Purposes of this Act, in the Custody in which he was at the Time he was so discharged.

CXC. The Court may from Time to Time empower so many fit and proper Persons as shall appear necessary in every Assize Town to take and receive such Recognizances of Sureties and in such Form as the Court may direct and require; and for the taking of every such Recognizance the Persons so empowered shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

CXCI. It shall be lawful for any Person whose usual Place of Residence shall be elsewhere than in the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin to appear before a Person duly empowered in manner aforesaid, and there to enter into such Recognizance for the due Appearance of such Insolvent according to such Forms, and in such Terms and Manner, as shall or may be prescribed by any General Order of the Court, which said Recog-, nizances so taken as aforesaid shall be transmitted and filed in the Court, with an Affidavit of the due taking of the said Recognizances by some credible Person present at the taking thereof, and shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same were taken before the Court.

CXCII. The Court shall make such General Orders regulating the Amount and the taking of such Recognizances as to the Court shall seem meet.

Warrant to dis- CXCIII. As soon as such Sureties shall have justified, and such on^mpletion of Recogn'zance as herein-before mentioned shall have been filed, the1 Recognizance. Court shall thereupon issue a Warrant for the Discharge of such Insolvent from Custody as herein-before provided.

CXCIV. Although

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CXCIV. Although such Prisoner be declared bankrupt or be an uncertificated Bankrupt at the Time of filing the Petition of In- -  .

solvency, the Court shall and may cause such Prisoner to be brought up to be dealt with as an Insolvent according to this Act, and all Court shall pro-Things to be done thereupon or preparatory thereto as in other Cases in otter

according to this Act.

CXCV. No Prisoner shall after the filing of a Petition of Prisoner not to be Insolvency be discharged out of Custody as to any Suit for any Debt, Sum of Money, Damages, or Claim with respect to which an proceeding in his Adjudication can under the Provisions of this Act be made, by or by -A-ction< virtue of any Supersedeas, Judgment of Nonpros., or Judgment as in the Case of a Nonsuit, for Want of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, Suit, Nonsuit, or Process proceeding therein.

CXCVI. The Court shall, forthwith after such Schedule shall ^for Prisoner have been filed, appoint a Time, not later than Four Months, for to be brought up. such Prisoner to be brought up to be dealt with according to the Provisions of this Act; and where such Prisoner shall be in any Gaol within the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin, the Court shall order such Prisoner to be brought before the Court.

CXCVII. If any Prisoner in Custody in any Gaol in Ireland Jurisdiction of the

situated elsewhere than within the County of Dublin or the County of ^Delrtors1^1

the City of Dublin, or any Creditor of such Prisoner, shall petition Custody elsewhere

the Court under this Act, or if any such Prisoner or Creditor shall Dublin °T

have so petitioned prior to the passing of this Act, and such Petition transferred to the

shall not have been heard, or if the same shall have been heard, and 4sfI8tant Bar '

7 risters.

the Consideration thereof shall have been adjourned, the Court may make an Order referring such Petition or Hearing to the Assistant Barrister within whose Jurisdiction such Prisoner was in Custody at the Time of the filing of the Petition, and shall transmit such Petition and Schedule to the Clerk of the Peace for Hearing accordingly, and shall appoint a Time and Place at any Court of Quarter Sessions held within the Jurisdiction of such Assistant Barrister for such Prisoner to be brought up before such Assistant Barrister.

CXCVIII. Auy Assistant Barrister to whom any such Petition Assistant Barrister shall be so referred shall have and possess the same Power and

. ., , - _ Jretition as to

Authority with respect to every such Petition, and shall make all Insolvents is

such Orders, give all such Directions, and do all such Matters and referred to have f-wyi . t«i the same Jcowors

rhings requisite for the discharging or remanding of such Prisoner, as the Court for

and otherwise respecting such Prisoner, his Schedule, Creditors, and discharging or remanding the

Assignees, as the Court might make, give, or do in the Matters of Insolvent, &c.

Petitions

396 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Petitions heard before such Court under this Act, and, if he shall deem fit, shall be at liberty to adjourn the Hearing from One Session to another, and to extend the Order for the Protection of the said Insolvent from Arrest during such Adjournment.

Petition, &c. to be CXCIX. Every such Petition and Schedule, and all Judgments, Clerk of the Peace ^u^es> Orders, Directions, and Proceedings thereon by such Assistant to the Court. Barrister, shall be forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be after such Hearing or Adjournment thereof, as the Case may be, returned by the Clerk of the Peace to the Court, certified by such Assistant Barrister and Clerk of the Peace respectively, to be a Record of the Court, and to be kept as such among the Records thereof, and the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to return the same accordingly.

Procedure in Insolvency.

Order for bringing CC. The Court shall have Power to issue its Warrant or beforeTh^Assis- Order, directed to the Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler of any Gaol tant Barrister. wherein the Insolvent shall be in Custody, directing him to bring

the Insolvent before such Assistant Barrister on the Day appointed for the Hearing of such Petition, or at any Adjournment thereof; and every such Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler shall obey such Warrant.

CCI. The Expense of conveying such Prisoner to any such Quarter Sessions Town, where the Gaol in which such Prisoner shall be confined shall not be situate ill such Quarter Sessions Town, or of conveying such Prisoner (when necessary) from such Quarter Sessions Town to the said Gaol, not exceeding Threepence per Mile shall be paid to the Keeper, Gaoler, or other Officer who shall bring such Prisoner to or from any such Quarter Sessions Town, in obedience to any Rule or Order of the Court, out of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, if the same shall be sufficient to pay such Expense, and if not, then such Expense shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town in the Gaol of which such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, as the same shall be directed or ordered by such Assistant Barrister before whom such Prisoner shall be brought, and the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town is hereby empowered and required to present the Amount thereof at the Assizes next ensuing the Day mentioned in such Rule or Order, to be levied off such County, County of a City, or County of a Town.

CCII. Nothing herein contained shall extend or be con-Jurisdiction before strued to deprive the Court of the Power of discharging such Adjournment?*1 Prisoner upon Recognizance of Sureties for the due Appearance of such Prisoner at the Time and Place appointed, or which shall

thereafter

The Expense of his Removal to be paid out of the Estate of Insolvent, or (on Failure of such Estate) then by Grand Jury Presentment.

Court to have

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

thereafter be appointed, for the Hearing of such Prisoner before such Assistant Barrister as aforesaid, or of the Power of doing, prior to such Hearing before such Assistant Barrister, or pending the Ad* journment of such Hearing, any Matter or Thing relative to such Prisoner, his Petition and Schedule, Estate and Effects, Creditors or Assignees.

Procedure in Insolvency.

CCIII. After the Discharge or Remand of such Prisoner by such Jurisdiction of Assistant Barrister as aforesaid the Jurisdiction of such Assistant after"8*6 *

Discharge or Remand.

Barrister shall cease, save as to any Re-hearing of such Petition pursuant to any Order that may be made by the Court; and all Things necessary to be thereafter done in the Matter of the Petition and Schedule of such Prisoner, his Estate and Effects, Creditors or Assignees, shall be done by the Court.

CCIV. Every Clerk of the Peace shall transmit to the Office of Clerk of Peace to the Court in Dublin a Return of the several Days for holding the o^Qi^rte^Session Quarter Sessions in and for each County, forthwith upon the Appoint- Days, ment of the same by the Assistant Barrister of each County.

CCV. After the filing of the Petition of Insolvency, and previous Order of detain-to the final Adjudication, any Order of Discharge given by a ^hckargeofDi-detaining Creditor of any Insolvent shall be void, if such Insolvent solvent to be void shall, on the same being notified to him, forthwith signify to the of

Gaoler in that Behalf his Desire that such Order of Discharge shall be so void.

CCVI. The Court shall cause Notice of the filing of every Notice to be given such Petition and Schedule, and of the Time and Place appointed advenfsedT' for such Prisoner to be brought up, to be given, by such Means as the said Court shall direct, to the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit any such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody, and to the other Creditors named in the Schedule of such Prisoner, and resident within the United Kingdom, and whose Debt shall amount to the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall cause such Notice to be inserted in the " Dublin Gazette," and also, if the Court shall think fit, in the Edinburgh and London Gazettes, or either of them, and also in such other Newspaper or Newspapers as the Court shall direct.

CCVII. Upon such Prisoner being brought up as aforesaid, the At the Hearing, Court shall examine into his Schedule, upon the Oath of such Pri- examined ^ulet0 soner and of such Parties and other Witnesses as the Court shall think fit; and in case such Notice as the Court shall direct shall have been given by any Creditor of his Intention to oppose such Prisoners Discharge, it shall be lawful both for the said Creditor and any other 5 H of

Procedure m Insolvency.

Hearing may be adjourned.

Court may order Prisoner to be again brought up.

Affidavits may be received in opposition to Prisoner's Discharge in certain Cases.

Official Assignees to examine Schedule, Balance Sheets, and Accounts.

Court may adjudge Prisoner to be discharged, and entitled to the Benefit of Act.

.20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

of the Creditors of such Prisoner to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, and for that Purpose to examine such Prisoner and such Witnesses 6s the Court shall think fit touching the Matters contained in such Schedule, and such other Matters as the said Court shall deem fit and proper to inquire into.

CCVIII. If the Court shall entertain any Doubt touching any Matter alleged against such Prisoner at such Hearing to prevent his or her Discharge, or otherwise touching the Schedule or the Examination of such Prisoner, or in case such Prisoner shall refuse to be sworn, or shall not answer upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to adjourn the Hearing and Examination of such Prisoner to some future Sitting of the Court, or to adjourn the same sine die.

CCIX. When any such Hearing shall have been adjourned sine die the Court may, upon the Application of such Prisoner or any Creditor, to be made within such Time as the Court shall direct, order the said Prisoner to be again brought up for Hearing, and such Notice thereof shall be given as the Court shall direct.

CCX. The Court may receive as Evidence on the Hearing Affidavits of any Persons not resident within the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, and also permit Interrogatories to be filed for the Examination or Cross-examination of any Person making or joining in such Affidavits, and to adjourn the Hearing until such Interrogatories shall be fully answered; and where any Prisoner shall, be brought before any Assistant Barrister pursuant to this Act, it shall be lawful for such Assistant Barrister to receive as Evidence on the Hearing the Affidavits of any Persons not resident within the County where such Prisoner shall be brought up, and also to permit Interrogatories to be filed for the Examination or Cross-examination of any Person making or joining in such Affidavits, and to adjourn the Hearing of such Prisoner until such Interrogatories shall be fully answered.

CCXI. The Official Assignees shall when directed by the Court investigate the Accounts of every Insolvent, and examine into the Truth of his Schedule and Balance Sheets, and report thereon to the Court.

CCXII. It shall be lawful for the Court, at such Hearing or adjourned Hearing, to adjudge and order that such Prisoner shall be discharged from Custody, and entitled to the Benefit of this Act (at such Time as to the Court, in pursuance of the Provisions herein-after contained in that Behalf, shall think fit,) as to the several

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

several Debts and Sums of Money due or claimed to be due at the Time of filing the Petition from such Prisoner to the several Persons named in his Schedule as Creditors, or claiming to be Creditors for the same respectively, or for which such Persons shall have given Credit to such Prisoner before the Time of filing the Petition, and which were not then payable, and as to the future Claims of any Surety or Bail for such Prisoner named in his or her Schedule as a contingent Creditor, and as to the Claims of all other Persons, not known to such Prisoner at the Time of such Adjudication, who may be Indorsees or Holders of any negotiable Security set forth in his Schedule.

CCXIII. Where no Cause shall appear to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the Court to adjudge that such Prisoner shall be so discharged and so entitled as aforesaid forthwith, or so soon as such Prisoner shall have been in Custody at the Suit of One or more of his Creditors for such Period or Periods, not exceeding Six Months in the whole, as the Court shall direct.

CCXIV. When the Court shall adjudge any Insolvent, a Trader within the Meaning of this Act, to be discharged, if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that such Insolvent hath not been guilty of any Fraud on any of his Creditors, or committed any Offence against this Act, or contracted any of his Debts by means of any false Representation, Deceit, or Contrivance, and if the Court shall be satisfied with the Conduct of such Prisoner, and that he hath made a full and true Disclosure of his Estate and Effects, it shall be lawful for the Court (if it shall so think fit) to declare by its Order that such Discharge shall also absolutely free the future acquired Property and Effects of such Insolvent, and such Discharge shall take effect accordingly, and be in such special Form as the Court shall direct, and be termed " an absolute Discharge."

CCXV. The Discharge of any Prisoner shall extend to all Process for any Contempt of any Court, for Nonpayment of Money or of Costs or Expenses, and also to all Costs which such Prisoner would be liable to pay in consequence or by reason of such Contempt or on purging the same; and every such Discharge as to any Debt or Damages shall extend also to all Costs incurred by the Creditor before the filing of such Prisoner's Schedule in any Suit brought by such Creditor against such Prisoner for the Recovery of the same; and as to such Costs the Creditor shall be entitled to the Benefit of all the Provisions made for Creditors by this Act.

CCXVI. The

Procedure in Insolvency,

Court may adjudge Discharge, &c. to be forthwith, or not later than Six Months from the filing of the Petition.

Court may grant a special Discharge to Trader, so as to release his future Effects.

Discharge shall extend to Process for Contempt in Nonpayment of Money;

and to Costs incurred by Creditor.

Pi'ocedure in Insolvency.

Discharge shall extend to Sums payable by way of Annuity, &c.

Not to prevent Mortgages and other Charges on Lands, made prior to filing Petition, from taking effect.

Court may order Costs to be paid to opposing Creditors out of the Estate.

Where Opposition frivolous, Costs may be awarded to Prisoner.

Court to make Order, pursuant to Adjudication, and issue Warrants to Gaoler.

Specification of Debts, &c. not necessary in Adjudication.

In certain Cases Discharge of Insolvent to be at any Period not later than Two Years,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CCXVI. The Discharge of any such Prisoner shall extend to any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise, at any future Time or Times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenant, or other Security.

CCXVII. Nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Mortgage, Charge, or Lien upon any Estate of such Prisoner, or any Part thereof, made prior to the Commencement of the Imprisonment of such Prisoner, from taking place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate and Effects comprised in or charged or affected by such Mortgage, Charge, or Lien respectively.

CCXVIII. Whenever any Creditor opposing any such Prisoner's Discharge shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court that such Prisoner has done any Act for which he may be liable to Remand, the Court may adjudge the taxed Costs of such Opposition to be paid to such opposing Creditor out of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, before any Dividend; and in case it shall appear to the said Court that the Opposition of any Creditor to any such Prisoner's Discharge was frivolous and vexatious, it shall be lawful for the Court to award such Costs to such Prisoner as shall appear to be just and reasonable, to be paid by the Creditor making such Opposition.

CCXIX. Where any such Adjudication shall have been made, the Court shall also issue a Warrant to the Gaoler accordingly, ordering the Discharge of such Prisoner from Custody as to the Detainers under which he shall then be confined, or which shall be lodged against him before he shall be out of Custody, the same being for Debts in respect of which such Adjudication shall have been made; and that every such Adjudication shall take effect as from the Day on which it was made; and that every such Adjudication, and Certificate thereof, and Order thereupon, may be made without specifying therein any such Debt or Debts, or Sum or Sums of Money, or Claims as aforesaid, or naming therein any such Creditor or Creditors: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases the Detainer or Detainers with respect to which any such Prisoner shall have been adjudged to be discharged out of Custody shall be specified in the Warrant of the Court.

CCXX. In case it shall appear to the Court that any Insolvent has fraudulently, with Intent to conceal the State of his Affairs or to defeat the Objects of this Act, destroyed or mutilated, or wilfully prevented or purposely withheld the Production of any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to his Affairs, or kept or cause to be kept false Books or made false Entries in or withheld Entries from, or wilfully

altered

. 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

altered or falsified any such Books, Papers, or Writings, or that any Insolvent has fraudulently, with Intent of diminishing the Sum to be divided among his Creditors, or of giving any undue Preference to any of the said Creditors, discharged or concealed any Debt due to or from any such Insolvent, or parted or made away with, charged, mortgaged, or concealed any Part of his Property, either before or after the Commencement of his or her Imprisonment, then it shall be lawful for the Court to adjudge that the Insolvent shall be discharged, and entitled to the Benefit of this Act, as soon as he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of some One or more of his Creditors for such Period or Periods, not exceeding Two Years from the Time of filing the Petition, as the Court shall direct.

CCXXI. In case it shall appear to the Court that any Insolvent In other Cases, the shall have contracted any of his Debts fraudulently, or by means of vent^be at^my a Breach of Trust, or of false Pretences, or without having had any Period not later reasonable or probable Expectation at the Time when contracted of than Two Year3' paying the same, or shall have fraudulently or by means of false Pretences obtained the Forbearance of any of his Debts, or shall have put any of his Creditors to any unnecessary Expense by any vexatious or frivolous Defence or Delay to any Suit for recovering any Debt or Sum of Money due from such Prisoner, or shall be indebted for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation, or for Seduction, or for Breach of Promise of Marriage, or for a malicious Prosecution, or for a Libel, or for Slander, or in any other Action for a malicious Injury, or in any Action of Tort or Trespass, where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Injury complained of was malicious, then it shall be lawful for the Court to adjudge that the Insolvent shall be discharged forthwith, except as to such Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, or Damages as above mentioned, and as to such Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, or Damages, to adjudge that the Insolvent shall be so discharged so soon as he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of the Person or Persons who shall be Creditor or Creditors for the same respectively for a Period or Periods not exceeding Two Years from the Time of filing the Petition.

Procedure in Insolvency.

CCXXII. Where it shall appear to the Court that certain Matters Adjudication may ought to be performed by or on behalf of such Prisoner before he is certai^Cwies? entitled to be actually discharged from Custody, but that nevertheless it is expedient not to adjourn the Hearing absolutely, it shall be lawful for the Court to pronounce an Adjudication, without issuing any Order and Warrant pursuant thereto, and that such Adjudication may be directed to be conditional on the Performance of such Matters as aforesaid, and that on the Nonperformance thereof the Hearing 51 of

Procedure in Insolvency.

Where Adjudication a Discharge at a future Period, the Prisoner may be detained or arrested, &c. till that Period arrives.

Court may order detaining Creditor to pay Prisoner a Sum not exceeding Four Shillings a Week.

If Insolvent be -comes able to pay his Debts, Court may make Order on him to pay, &c.

If Insolvent dies having sufficient Assets, Court may make Order to pay.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

of such Case shall stand adjourned according to the Direction made in that Behalf.

CCXXIII. Where the Court shall adjudge that any Prisoner shall be so discharged at some future Period, and shall make an Order of Remand to that Effect, such Prisoner shall be subject and liable to be detained in Prison under and by virtue of such Order, at the Suit of any One or more of his or her Creditors, with respect to whom it shall have been so adjudged and ordered, until such Period shall have arrived; and the Gaoler of the Prison to which such Prisoner shall be so remanded shall and is hereby required to detain and keep such Prisoner in his Custody until such Period shall have arrived, for doing which the Order of Remand shall be his sufficient Warrant: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any such Creditor, at any Time before such Period shall have arrived, to authorize and empower such Gaoler to discharge such Prisoner from Custody at the Suit of such Creditor, in the same Manner and by the same Means as such Creditor might have done if such Prisoner had been arrested and detained or charged in Custody at the Suit of such Creditor under any Civil Process at his Suit.

CCXXIV. Where any such Prisoner shall, upon any such Adjudication, be liable to further Imprisonment at the Suit of his Creditors or any of them, it shall be lawful at any Time for the Court, on the Application of such Prisoner, to order the Creditor at whose Suit he shall be so imprisoned to pay such Prisoner such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of Four Shillings by the Week in the whole, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct; and that on Failure of Payment thereof the Court shall order such Prisoner to be forthwith discharged from Custody at the Suit of such Creditor.

CCXXV. If at any Time it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that any Insolvent who hath not obtained an absolute Discharge is of Ability to pay the Debts from which he has been so discharged, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Court from Time to Time, on the Application of any Assignee or Creditor, to order that the Insolvent shall pay to the Assignees such Sum or Sums of Money as to the Court shall seem proper, until the whole of said Debts shall be satisfied.

CCXXVI. If such Insolvent who hath not obtained an absolute Discharge shall have died leaving Assets sufficient to pay the Debts from which he was so discharged, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Court, on the Application of any Assignee or Creditor, to order that such Sum of Money, not exceeding

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

exceeding an Amount sufficient to satisfy the said Debts, shall be paid to the Assignees out of the Assets of such Insolvent, and the Sum mentioned in such Order shall thereupon become a Debt due to the Assignees out of the Assets of such Insolvent, and shall be paid to them accordingly; and the Assignees may institute such Proceedings to enforce the same as if they had been Creditors of said Insolvent at the Time of his Decease for the Sum mentioned in such Order.

Procedure in Insolvency,

Manner of pro* ceeding where; 1 after the Discharge of a Prisoner, any Person shall be possessed of Stock in Public Funds, &c. belonging to him.

CCXXVII. In case any Person shall after the Discharge of such Insolvent be possessed of or have under his Control any Stock in the Public Funds, or any Legacy due or growing due, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, Securities for Money,

Goods and Chattels, or any other Property whatsoever, belonging to such Insolvent, or held in trust for him or for his Use and Benefit, or to which such Insolvent shall be in any way entitled, or in case any such Person shall be at such Period in any Manner indebted to such Insolvent, it shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Application of any Assignee or Creditor of such Insolvent, to cause Notice to be given to such Person directing him to hold and retain the said Property till the Court shall make further Order concerning the same; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court further to order such Person to deliver over such Property, and to pay such Debts as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, into the Bank of, or to the

Assignees, and such Delivery and Payment shall be made accordingly in obedience to such Order; and such Person shall be thereby discharged in respect of such Property and Debts against all Persons whatsoever to all Intents and Purposes.

CCXXVIII. Any Snm or Sums of Money or Property to be recovered Sums recovered by the Assignees under the last Three preceding Sections shall form Part of the Estate and Effects of the Insolvent in the Hands of the Part of Estate. Assignees, and shall be distributed amongst the Creditors accordingly.

CCXXIX. No Insolvent shall be imprisoned for any Debt or Sum of Money or Costs with respect to which such Insolvent shall have been discharged, or by reason of any Judgment, Decree, or Order for Payment of the same, but that upon every Arrest or Detainer for or by reason of any such Debt or Sum of Money or Costs, or Judgment, Decree, or Order for Payment of the same, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court from which any Writ or Process shall have issued in respect thereof, upon Proof made to his Satisfaction that the Cause of such Arrest or Detainer is such as herein-before mentioned, to release such Prisoner from Custody; and at the same Time, if such Judge shall in his Discretion think fit, it shall be lawful for him to order

Persons discharged under this Act not liable to Imprisonment for Debts, &c. to which Adjudication extends.

If arrested, to be ' released by Judge of the Court from which Process issued, who may order the Costs to be paid to him.

Bankruptcy Insolvency [Ireland],

order such Plaintiff, or any Person or Persons suing out of such Writ or Process, to pay such Insolvent the Costs which he shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable.

After Discharge, CCXXX. No Writ of Capias ad satisfaciendum, Fieri facias, or

no Execution to other Writ of Execution against the Body, Goods, or Chattels of

issue against In- ° J 7

solvent for Debts, such Insolvent, shall issue on any Judgment obtained against such

j^idi^tion'extoads ^nso^ven^ for any Debt or Sum of Money with respect to which such

Insolvent shall have been discharged, nor in any Action upon any

Discharge under new Contract or Security for Payment thereof; and if any Suit

pkaded g^endly brought against any such Insolvent, his Heirs, Executors, or

Administrators, for any such Debt or Sum of Money, or upon any new

Contract or Security for Payment thereof, or upon any Judgment

obtained against or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by

such Insolvent for the same, it shall be lawful for such Insolvent, his

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such

Insolvent was duly discharged according to this Act by the Order of Adjudication made in that Behalf, and that such Order remains in

force, without pleading any other Matter specially; whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters

pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may

show the Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or

that such Person was not duly discharged, in the same Manner as

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied in case the Defendant or

Defendants had pleaded this Act, and a Discharge by virtue thereof,

specially.

* When Debts are CCXXXI. Whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court may^rder^Pro- th* Debts in respect of which such Adjudication was made

perty in Possession have been discharged, and that there remains in the Possession or be vested irfthe vested in or otherwise subject to the Control of the Assignees any Insolvent. Part of the Estate or Effects of such Insolvent, it shall be lawful for the Court to order that the same shall be vested in the said Insolvent, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and such Order shall have the Effect of vesting the same accordingly.

Where Error in CCXXXII. And whereas it may sometimes happen that a Debt of FraudUthi^AcMo or Claim upon or Balance due from such Insolvent as aforesaid may be operate upon the specified in his Schedule at an Amount which is not the actual Debf1 Amount of Amount thereof, or the Name or Description of a Creditor may be inaccurately set forth therein, or there may be some Omission, Misdescription, or Mistake therein, without any culpable Negligence or Fraud or evil Intention on the Part of such Insolvent: Be it enacted, That in such Case the said Insolvent shall be entitled to all and every

Benefit

ULtAAAMBJJBA ajA

J i oeeumfjt its

Insolvency.

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency

Benefit and Protection of this Act, notwithstanding such Mistake, Omission, or Misdescription in said Schedule; and the Creditor in that Behalf shall be entitled to the Benefit of all the Provisions made for Creditors by this Act in respect of the actual Amount of such Debt, Claim, or Balance, and to all Intents and Purposes, such Omission, Misdescription, or Error in the said Schedule notwithstanding.

CCXXXIII. Every such Adjudication shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be reviewed by the Court, unless the Court shall thereafter see sufficient Cause to believe that such Adjudication has been obtained on false Evidence, or otherwise improperly or fraudulently obtained, in which Case it shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Application of the Assignees, or of any Creditor of such Insolvent, or of the Insolvent, to order such Insolvent, upon due Notice to be given to such Persons and in such Manner as the Court shall direct, to attend or to be brought up, and the said Matter to be reheard before the Court, and the Court shall thereupon rehear the same, and may, if just Cause shall appear, annul the original Adjudication and Order thereupon, and shall have the same Powers and Authorities upon such Re-hearing as upon any original Hearing; and the Court may, if necessary, remand the said Insolvent to the same Custody in which he was at the Time of the former Hearing, there to be subject to Imprisonment as if the former Adjudication had not been made; and thereupon all Detainers which were in force against such Prisoner at the Time of his former Discharge from Custody shall be deemed to be still in force against him; and the Gaoler of the Prison to which such Prisoner shall be so remanded shall and is hereby required to receive such Prisoner into his Custody in pursuance of such Remand, for doing which the Order of Remand in such Case shall be his sufficient Warrant.

CCXXXIV. If such Prisoner shall refbse or neglect to appear before the Court according to any Order for Re-hearing, it shall be lawful for the Court to order such Prisoner to be apprehended, and committed to Custody in such Prison as the Court shall direct, and to issue its Warrant accordingly, and to cause such Prisoner to be brought up for Examination as often as to the Court shall seem fit.

CCXXXV. If on any Re-hearing it shall appear to the Court that such Prisoner is not entitled to the Benefit of this Act until some future Period, according to the Provisions herein-before contained, the Court shall and may, if it shall appear reasonable, adjudge the Discharge of such Prisoner at such future Period, to be calculated without including the Time during which such Prisoner shall have been out of Custody 5 K since

Procedure in Insolvency.

Adjudication and Order to be final, unless obtained on false Evidence, &c., in which Case Court may order a Re-hearing.

Insolvent refusing to appear may be apprehended, &c.

In Adjudication of Discharge or Re-hearing, the Time since former Hearing not to be calculated.

Procedure m Insolvency.

If Order for Discharge issued by Mistake, the Court may revoke or amend same.

Insolvent may be examined as to his Estate after his Discharge.

Insolvent refusing to appear or to answer Questions may be committed.

Provisions of Act extended to married Women.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

since the Time appointed for his Discharge by such former Adjudication as aforesaid.

CCXXXVI. If in any Case an Order or Warrant for the Discharge of any such Prisoner shall have issued erroneously, it shall be lawful for the Court, on such Error being shown, to revoke such Order and Warrant, and to annul, suspend, or amend the same, and, if necessary, to recommit such Prisoner to his former Custody, when by such Order or Warrant he shall have been discharged therefrom; and the Gaoler of the Prison to whose Custody such Prisoner shall be so recommitted is hereby required to receive such Prisoner into his Custody according to such Commitment; and all Detainers which were in force against such Prisoner at the Time of such Discharge as aforesaid shall be deemed to be still in force against him, as if such erroneous Order or Warrant had not issued.

CCXXXVII. The Court may at any Time before or after the Discharge, order that such Insolvent may be examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his Estate; and in case such Insolvent shall neglect or refuse to appear before the Court at such Time and Place as shall be directed by such Order, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn of to answer such Questions as shall be put to him relating to the Discovery of his said Estate, then and in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for the Court to commit such Person to such Prison as the Court shall direct, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until such Time as he shall submit himself to the Order of the Court in that Behalf, and shall answer, upon Oath or otherwise, as shall be required to all such lawful Questions as shall be put to him for the Purposes aforesaid.

CCXXXVIII. The Provisions of this Act shall extend to married Women being Prisoners within the Meaning of this Act, but the vesting of the Estate and Effects of any such married Woman in the Official Assignees shall operate upon all Property, Real and Personal, to which she may be entitled for her separate Use, or over which she shall have any Power of Disposition, notwithstanding her Coverture, or which shall be vested in any Trustees or Trustee or other Person or Persons for her Benefit, and upon all Personal Estate and Effects of which she shall have the actual Possession, except her Wearing Apparel, Bedding, and other such Necessaries, not exceeding in the whole the Value of Twenty Pounds, and upon all other Real and Personal Estate and Effects to which she shall be entitled in any Manner whatsoever in possession,

remainder,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60,

m

Banh'uptcyand Insolvency [Ireland).

remainder, or reversion, subject only to such Right, Title, or Interest as her Husband may have therein, and without prejudicing any Rights of her Husband in such Real and Personal Estate and Effects respectively, and all Provisions in this Act contained touching the Real and Personal Estate of any Prisoner shall apply to such Real or Personal Estate and Effects respectively as if such Woman had been sole and unmarried, subject only to the Rights of her Husband therein.

Proceduri in Insolvency.

CCXXXIX. If any Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act shall be or become of unsound Mind, the Gaoler of such Prison shall forthwith require One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place wherein such Prisoner shall be to attend at the said Prison, and inquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and thereupon, and also in case any such Justice or Justices shall receive Information by other Means that any such Prisoner is of unsound Mind as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall go to the said Prison, and by his or their own View, and by Examination on Oath of such Person or Persons as he or they shall think fit to examine, shall inquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and if it shall appear to such Justice or Justices upon such Inquiry that such Prisoner is of unsound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Act in such Manner as a Person of sound Mind might do, such Justice or Justices shall forthwith make a Record of the Fact, and certify the same to the Court; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court to order Notice to be inserted in the " Dublin Gazette," and in Two or more public Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Prison, and in the Neighbourhood of the usual Residence of such Prisoner before he was committed to such Prison, as the Court shall see fit, that Application will be made to the Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner on a Day to be specified in such Order and Notice, being Twenty-one Days at least from the Day of Publication of such One of the said Gazette and Newspapers containing such Notice as shall be last published, which Notice, together with the Service of the like Notice on the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody, or his or their Attorney or Attornies in such Suit, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the Court to proceed to the Discharge of such Prisoner, if otherwise entitled to such Discharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Court shall proceed accordingly, and shall discharge such Prisoner from Custody, and do all other Acts under this Act, in case it shall appear that such Prisoner might have obtained his or her Discharge under this Act if he or she had been of sound Mind, and thereupon all and every Estate, Right, Title, Interest in Law and

Equity,

Mode of proceed* ing with Priacteers of unsound Mind.

Application may be made by Persons on behalf of such Prisoners.

Power to Court to discharge such Prisoners.

Procedure in Insolvency.

No Person to receive Gaol Allowance without subscribing Declaration.

Notice of Declaration to be given in the Dublin Gazette.

Proceedings on filing of Petition.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Equity, Real and Personal, Power, Benefit, and Emolument whatsoever, which, if such Prisoner was of sound Mind, could or ought to be vested in the said Official Assignee pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, shall, by force and virtue of the Order of the Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner, be vested in the Provisional Assignees as fully and effectually, and in the same Manner, and with all and every the same Consequences and Effects, both in Fact and Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Prisoner had been of sound Mind.

CCXL. And whereas .great Expense has resulted from Persons in the Four Courts Marshalsea receiving the Pauper Allowance there without any Effort to obtain their Discharge: Be it therefore enacted, That no Person in future shall be entitled to receive the Gaol Allowance without making and subscribing to the following Declaration, which the Marshal of the Four Courts or his Deputy is hereby authorized to administer:

t A.B. do solemnly declare, That I, A.B., a Prisoner in the Four ' Courts Marshalsea, have no Means whatever, directly or indirectly, of supporting myself, and that I have solely and entirely to

rely on the Support allowed by Government for Pauper Prisoners confined in the said Four Courts Marshalsea. '

And any Person making the aforesaid Declaration, knowing the same to be false in any Particular, shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CCXLI. When such Declaration shall have been subscribed, the Marshal or his Deputy shall forthwith transmit the said Declaration, with a List of the Detainers against such Person who shall have subscribed such Declaration, to the Chief Clerk or other Officer of the Court appointed to receive the same, who shall file the same, and forthwith give Notice in the Dublin Gazette and to the detaining Creditors of the said Person, in such Manner as the Court shall by General or Special Order direct, that if they the said detaining Creditors, or some One of them, shall not, within Twenty-one Days after the Publication of the said Notice in said Gazette, file or cause to be filed in the said last-mentioned Court a Petition of Insolvency against the said Person, the Person in respect of whom such Notice shall have been given shall be entitled to his Discharge from Custody.

CCXLII. If such Petition shall be filed by any such Creditor, the Court shall thereupon order such Prisoner to file his Schedule, and may cause such Prisoner to be brought up to be dealt with according to this Act, and all Things to be done thereon as in other Cases.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCXLIII. And in case such a Petition shall not be filed by any of the Creditors of the said Person within the said Period of Twenty-one Days, then a Discharge shall be made out by such Officer without any further Order or Inquiry, and such Discharge shall be a proper Authority to the Marshal for discharging such Person from Custody, and the Marshal shall discharge the said Person forthwith; and such Discharge shall protect the said Person from future Arrest in respect only of the Debt, Costs, and Sums of Money for the Nonpayment of which he had been committed to or detained in the said Prison, previous to the Publication of the said Notice: Provided always, that the said Discharge shall not have the Effect of extinguishing the said Debts, or barring the Right to recover the said Costs or Sums of Money, or of protecting the Property of the said Person from Seizure and Sale under legal Process, for the Purpose of liquidating and satisfying the said Debts, Costs, and Sums of Money.

Procedure in Insolvency

Unless detaining Creditors lodge a Petition within Twenty-one Days, Prisoner to be entitled to his Discharge.

CCXLIV. This Act shall not extend to discharge any Prisoner This Act not to with respect to any Debt due to Her Majesty or Her Successors, charge Ciwn or to any Debt or Penalty with which he shall stand charged Debtors, &c., at the Suit of the Crown, or any Person, for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts relative to any Branch of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any such Offence, unless the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being shall consent to such Discharge,

CCXLV. Every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, or other Officer of any Sheriffs, &c. in-Prison who shall do anything in obedience to any Order of the damnified for

o obeying Ordors

Court shall be and is hereby indemnified for whatsoever shall be done of Court.

by them respectively in obedience thereto.

CCXLVI. At the Sittings for the Choice of Assignees and for Proof of Debts. the last Examination, and at every adjourned Sitting held for either When of such Purposes, and at every other Sitting held for Proof of Debts, Debts may be every Creditor of the Bankrupt may prove his Debt by his own Oath, P* m Bant' or by the Oath of some other Person, or by Affidavit sworn before any of the Persons authorized to take Affidavits under this Act, or in such other Manner as shall be fixed by any General Order; provided, that it shall be lawful for the Court to examine upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in Writing, every Person claiming to prove a Debt, or to require such further Proof and to examine such other Persons in relation thereto as such Court shall think fit.

5 L CCXLVII. If

Proof of Debts.

Undisputed Debts may be admitted as if proved.

Bona fide Creditors in respect of Debts contracted after an Act of Bankruptcy, may prove.

Court may order Six Months Wage* or Salary to Clerks or -Servants.

Apprentices to Bankrupts or Insolvents discharged from their Indentures.

Court may order any Sum to be repaid in respect of Apprentice Fees.

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCXLVII. If at any Sitting of the Court at which Debts may .be proved it shall appear to the Court, by the Examination of the Bankrupt, or otherwise, that any Debt is admitted by the Bankrupt either in the whole or in part, and if the Assignees do not nor does any Creditor dispute the same, it shall be lawful for the Court, if it shall think fit, to order that such Debt or the Part thereof not disputed shall be admitted without Oath or Affidavit, and entered as proved, on such Terms, if any, as the Court shall by any General or Special Order direct;

CCXLVIII. Every Person with whom any Bankrupt shall have really and bona fide contracted any Debt or Demand before the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt, be admitted to prove the same as if no such Act of Bankruptcy had been committed.

CCXLIX. When any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall have been indebted to any Servant or Clerk of such Bankrupt or Insolvent in respect of the Wages-or Salary of such Servant or Clerk, or to any Labourer or Workman, for Wages or Labour, it shall be lawful for the Court to order so much as shall be so due, not exceeding Six Months Wages or Salary, and not exceeding Thirty Pounds, to be paid to such Servant or Clerk, or so much as shall be so due, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to such Labourer or Workman, out of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and such Servant or Clerk, Labourer or Workman, shall be at liberty to prove, or shall be admitted as a Creditor on the Estate, for any Sum exceeding such Amount.

CCL. Where any Person shall have been an Apprentice to a Bankrupt or Insolvent at the Time of the filing of a Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, the filing of such Petition shall be and enure as a complete Discharge of the Indenture whereby such Apprentice was bound; and if any Sum shall have been really and bona fide paid by or on the Behalf of such Apprentice to the Bankrupt or Insolvent as an Apprentice Fee, it shall be lawful for the Court, upon Proof thereof, to order any Sum to be paid out of the Estate of the said Bankrupt or Insolvent, to or for the Use of such Apprentice, which such Court shall think reasonable, regard being had in estimating such Sum to the Amount of the Sura so paid by or on behalf of such Apprentice, and to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have resided with the Bankrupt or Insolvent, and to the other Circumstances of the Case-.

CCLI. Where

20* & 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 60.

Btonkrttptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCLI. Where there'has been mutual Credit given by the i

Bankrupt or Insolvent and any other Person, or where there are Mnta&l Debts and mutual Debts between the Bankrupt or Insolvent and any other Credits *set Person, the Court shall state the Account between them, and One Debt or Demand may be set against another, notwithstanding, in case of Bankruptcy, any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by sqch Bankrupt before the Credit givten to or the Debt contracted by him, and what shall appear due on either Side on the Balance of such Account, and no more, shall be claimed or paid on either Side respectively; and every Debt or Demand hfereby made provable against the Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent may also be set off, in manner aforesaid, .against such Estate; provided that the Person claiming the Benefit of such Set-off had not when such Credit was given Notice of an Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

CCLII. Any Person who shall have given Credit to the Bankrupt Debts not payable or Insolvent upon valuable Consideration for any Money or other the^ankruptey Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall not have become payable at or Insolvency the Time of the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, deXcUng^ Rebate and whether such Credit shall have been given upon any Bill, Bond, of Interest.

Note, or other negotiable Security or not, shall be entitled to prove or may be admitted as a Creditor in respect of such Debt, Bill, Bond,

Note, or other Security, as if the same was payable presently, and receive Dividends equally with the other Creditors, deducting only thereout a Rebate of Interest for what he shall so receive at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Declaration of a Dividend to the Time such Debt would have become payable according to the Terms upon which it was contracted.

CCLIII. Any Person who at the filing of a Petition of Bankruptcy Sureties and or Insolvency shall be Surety or liable for any Debt of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, or Bail for the Bankrupt or Insolvent, either to the Bankrupt or In-Sheriff or to the Action, if he shall have paid the Debt, or any aJve"t "V Y *

1 r J after having paid

Part, thereof fn discharge of the whole Debt, although he may have such Debts.

paid the same after the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, if the Creditor shall have proved his Debt under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, shall be entitled to stand in the Place of such Creditor as to the Dividends and all other Rights under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency which Such Creditor possessed or would be entitled to in respect of such Proof; or, if the Creditor shall not have proved, such Surety, or Person liable, or Bail, shall be entitled to prove his Demand in respect of such Payment as a Debt under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, not disturbing the former Dividends, and may receive Dividends with the other Creditors, although he may

have

Proof of Deks.

Obligees in Bottomry or Respondentia Bonds, and Assured in Policy of Insurance, admitted to claim, and, after Loss, to prove.

Persons affecting Insurance admitted to prove any Loss.

Annuity Creditor admitted to prove.

Sureties for Payment of Annuities granted by Bankrupt or Insolvent, in what Manner to come in.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Iruolvency (Ireland).

have become Surety, liable, or Bail as aforesaid, after an Act of Bankruptcy committed by the Bankrupt; provided that such Person had not, when he became such Surety or Bail or so liable as aforesaid, Notice of any Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

CCLIV. The Obligee in any Bottomry or Respondentia Bond, and the Assured in any Policy of Insurance made upon good and valuable Consideration, shall be admitted to claim, and, after the Loss or Contingerfcy shall have happened, to prove his Debt or Demand in respect thereof, or be admitted as a Creditor and receive Dividends with the other Creditors, as if the Loss or Contingency had happened before the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency against such Obligor or Insuror; and the Person effecting any Policy of Insurance upon Ships or Goods with any Person (as a Subscriber or Underwriter) having become or becoming bankrupt or insolvent shall be entitled to prove or be admitted as a Creditor for any Loss to which such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall be liable in respect of such Subscription, although the Person so effecting such Policy was not beneficially interested in such Ships or Goods, in case the Person so interested is not within the United Realm.

CCLV. Any Annuity Creditor of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, by whatever Assurance the same be secured, and whether there were or not any Arrears of such Annuity due at the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, shall be entitled to prove of be admitted as a Creditor for the Value of such Annuity, which Value the Court shall asccr* tain, regard being had to the original Price given for such Annuity, deducting therefrom such Diminution in the Value thereof as shall have been caused by the Lapse of Time since the Grant thereof to the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency.

CCLVI. It shall not be lawful for any Person entitled to any Annuity granted by any Bankrupt or Insolvent to sue any Person who may be collateral Surety for the Payment of such Annuity until such Annuitant shall have proved or have been admitted as a Creditor against such Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate for the Value of such Annuity, and for the Arrears thereof; and if such Surety, after such Proof, pay the Amount proved, he shall be thereby discharged from all Claims in respect of such Annuity; and if such Surety shall not (before any Payment of the Annuity subsequent to the Bankruptcy or Insolvency shall have become due) pay the Sum so proved, he may be sued for the accruing Payments of such Annuity, until such Annuitant shall have paid or satisfied the Amount so proved, with

Interest

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of Debit.

from the Time of Notice of such Proof, and of the Amount thereof,

+being given to such Surety, and after such Payment or Satisfaction such Surety shall stand in the Place of such Annuitant in respect of such Proof to the Amount so paid or satisfied by such Surety, and the Certificate of the Bankrupt or the final Discharge of the Insolvent shall be a Discharge to him from all Claims of such Annuitant or of such Surety in respect of such Annuity; provided that such Surety shall be entitled to Credit in Account with such Annuitant for any Dividends received by such Annuitant under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency before such Surety shall have fully paid or satisfied the Amount so proved.

CCLVII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall, before the filing of a Contingent Debt Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, have bona fide contracted any tL^duJtherwf Debt payable upon a Contingency, which shall not have happened to be ascertained before the filing of such Petition, the Person with whom such Debt I^Yiduenotawer* has been contracted may, if he think fit, apply to the Court to set a tained before the Value upon such Debt, and the Court is hereby required to ascertain Contingency

7 1 lifts happened.

the Value, and to admit such Person as a Creditor for the Amount so then, after Con* ascertained, and to receive Dividends thereon; or if such Value shall h"gen°Lh^onnt not be ascertained before the Contingency shall have happened, then of Debt may be such Person may, after such Contingency shall have happened, prove proved, or shall be admitted as a Creditor in respect of such Debt, and receive Dividends with the other Creditors, not disturbing any former Dividends.

CCLVIII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall, before the filing Liability contin-ofa Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, have contracted bona fide fdmiuedasaclaim a Liability to pay Money upon a Contingency which shall not have and after Contin-happened, and the Demand in respect thereof shall not have been ^, ed, arfd^the" ascertained before the filing of such Petition, in every such Case, if Demand has been such Liability be not provable under any other Provision of this Act, Demand* may be the Person with whom such Liability has been contracted shall be proved, admitted to claim for such Sum as the Court shall think fit, and after the Contingency shall have happened, and the Demand in respect of such Liability shall have been ascertained, he shall be admitted as a Creditor for such Demand, and receive Dividends with the other Creditors, and so far as practicable, as if the Contingency had happened and the Demand had been ascertained before the filing of such Petition, but not disturbing former Dividends; provided that where any such Claim shall not have, either in whole or in part, been converted into a Proof within Six Months after the filing of such Petition, it may, upon the Application of the Assignees, at any Time after the 5 M Expiration

Proof of Debts.

On Bankruptcy or Insolvency of Agent intrusted with Goods, but which have been pledged by him, Owner may prove for Amount paid to redeem, or for Value if the Goods be unredeemed.

Interest upon Debts when provable, though not reserved or agreed for.

Plaintiff or Defendant obtaining Judgment, &c. entitled to prove for Costs ', he.

Proving Debt to be an Election not to proceed oy Action.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60. '

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Expiration of such Time, and if the Court shall think fit, be expunged either in whole or in part from the Proceedings.

CCLIX. In case of the Bankruptcy or Insolvency of any Agent intrusted with the Possession of Goods within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years* of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to Advances bona fide made to Agents intrusted with Goods, the Owner of any Goods so intrusted to such Agent, and which shall have been redeemed by such Owner in manner provided by the said Act, shall, in respect of the Sum paid by him on account of such Agent, be held to have paid such Sum for the Use of such Agent before his Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or in case such Goods shall not be so redeemed, the Owner shall be deemed a Creditor of such Agent for the Value of the Goods so pledged at the Time of the Pledge, and shall, if he shall think fit, be entitled in either of such Cases to prove for or set off the Sum so paid, or the Value of such Goods, as the Case may be.

CCLX. Upon all Debts or Sums certain, whereupon Interest is not reserved or agreed for, and which shall be overdue at the filing: of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, the Creditor shall be entitled to prove or be admitted as a Creditor for Interest, to be calculated at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum pet Annum, up to the filing of such Petition, from the Time when such Debts or Sums certain were payable, if such Debts or Sums be payable by virtue of some written Instrument at a certain Time, or if payable otherwise, then from the Time when Demand of Payment shall have been made in Writing, so as such Demand shall give Notice to the Debtor that Interest will be claimed from the Date of such Demand.

CCLXI. If any Party whether Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit shall have obtained any Judgment, Decree, or Order against any Person who shall thereafter become bankrupt or insolvent, for any Debt or Demand in respect of which such Party shall prove or be admitted a Creditor under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, such Party shall also be entitled to prove, or be admitted a Creditor, for the Costs which he shall have- incurred in obtaining the same, although such Costs shall not have been taxed at the Time of the Bankruptcy ot Insolvency.

CCLXII. No Creditor who has instituted any Suit against any Bankrupt or Insolvent in respect of a Demand prior to the Bankruptcy

Dicjftized

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

.ruptcy or Insolvency, or which might have been proved or admitted of Debit.

as a Debt under the Bankruptcy Or Insolvency, shall prove or be.

admitted as a Creditor under such Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or

have any Claim entered upon the Proceedings, without relinquishing

such Suit; and the proving or claiming a Debt under any Bankruptcy

or Insolvency by any Creditor shall be deemed an Election by such

Creditor to take the Benefit of such Bankruptcy or Insolvency with respect to the Debt so proved or claimed; provided that such

Creditor shall not be liable to the Payment to such Bankrupt or

Insolvent or his Assignees of the Costs of such Suit so relinquished;

and that where any such Creditor shall have instituted any Suit

against such Bankrupt or Insolvent, jointly with any other Person, his

relinquishing such Suit against the Bankrupt or Insolvent shall not

-affect such Suit against such other Person; provided also, that any

+Creditor who shall have so proved or claimed, if the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency be afterwards superseded or dismissed, may proceed in the Suit as if he had not so proved or claimed.

CCLXIII. Whenever it shall appear that any Debt proved or Court may ex-admitted is not justly due, either in whole or in part, the Assignees or any^btswhfch auy Creditor may make Representation thereof to the Court; and it after Investigation shall be lawful for the Court to summon and examine upon Oath any appear to Person whose Evidence may appear to the Court to be material, either in support of or in opposition to any such Debt; and if the Court shall be of opinion that such Debt is not due, either wholly or in part, the Court shall be at liberty to expunge the same, either wholly or in part, from the Proceedings, and make such Order therein as to Costs as to the Court shall seem fit.

CCLXIV. The Court may by any General Orders regulate the ^tmnment Admission, Proof, and Ascertainment of Debts in Insolvency. solvency.

CCLXV. The Court shall, by General Orders to be from Time to Time made pursuant to this Act, regulate and fix the Manner and Time of the Choice and Appointment of Creditors Assignees of the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate and Effects; and all Creditors shall be entitled to-vote in such Choice personally, or by some Agent duly authorized in Writing; and the Choice and Appointment shall be made by the major Part in Value of the Creditors; provided that the Court shall have Power to reject any Person so chosen who shall appear to such Court unfit to be an Assignee, or to remove any Assignee, and upon such Rejection or Removal a new Choice and Appointment of another Assignee shall be made in like Manner.

Assignees, their Rights and Duties.

Assignees how and when chosen.

Power to Court to reject or remove Persons who appear to be unfit.

CCLXVI. If

Assignees, their Bights and Duties.

Joint Creditor entitled to prove for the Purpose of voting in the Choice of Assignees.

Personal Estate to vest in Assignees.

Real Estate to vest in Assignees.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CCLXVI. If One or more of the Partners of a Firm be a Bankrupt or Insolvent, any Creditor of the Firm shall be entitled to prove his Debt or be admitted as a Creditor for the Purpose of voting in the Choice of Assignees, and of being heard against the Allowance of the Bankrupt's Certificate, or of the Discharge of the Insolvent, or of any such Purposes; but such Creditor shall not receive any Dividend out of the separate Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent until all the separate Creditors shall have received the full Amount of their respective Debts.

CCLXVII. When any Person shall be adjudged a Bankrupt, and upon the filing of any Petition of Insolvency by any Insolvent, and also on the filing of any Petition of Insolvency against any Insolvent by any Creditor, (if the Court shall make Order thereon that the Insolvent shall file his Schedule or be brought up to be dealt with according to this Act,) all the Personal Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, present and future, wheresoever the same may be, and all Property which he may purchase, or which may revert, descend, be devised, or bequeathed or come to him, before such Bankrupt shall have obtained his Certificate or such Insolvent shall have become entitled to his final Discharge in pursuance of the Adjudication made in that Behalf, and all Debts due or to be due to him, shall become absolutely vested in the Assignees for the Time being for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt or Insolvent; and no such Bankrupt or Insolvent, nor any Person claiming through or under him, shall have Power to recover the same, nor to make any Release or Discharge thereof, neither shall the same be attached as the Debt of such Bankrupt or Insolvent by any Person, according to the Custom of the City of Dublin or otherwise, but such Assignees shall have absolute Power and Remedy to recover the same in their own Names.

CCLXVIII. When any Person shall be adjudged a Bankrupt, and upon the filing of any Petition of Insolvency by any Insolvent, and also on the filing of any Petition of Insolvency against any Insolvent by any Creditor, (if the Court shall make an Order thereon that such Insolvent should file his Schedule or be brought up to be dealt with according to this Act,) all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (except Copy or Customary hold,) wheresoever the same may be situate, to which any such Bankrupt or Insolvent is entitled, and all Interest therein to which such Bankrupt or Insolvent is entitled, and of which he might have disposed, and all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as he shall purchase, or shall descend, be devised, revert to, or come to such Bankrupt, before be shall have obtained

his

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

his Certificate, or to such Insolvent before his final Discharge, and all Deeds, Papers, and Writings respecting the same, shall become ____ absolutely vested in the Assignees for the Time being for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Bankrupt or Insolvent.

CCLXIX. Where, according to Law, any Conveyance or Assign- Where a Convey-ment of any Real or Personal Property of a Bankrupt or Insolvent ^rty°ofa^Bank-would require to be registered, enrolled, or recorded in any Registry rupt or Insolvent Office, Court, or Place in the United Kingdom, or in any of the the

Dominions of Her Majesty, then and in every such Case a Certificate Certificate of the under the Seal of the Court, and in such Form as the Court may direct, ^Assignees^ that the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent have vested shall be registered, in the Assignees, shall be registered in such Registry Office, Court, or Place, and shall have the like Effect to all Intents and Purposes as the Registry, Enrolment, or recording of such Conveyance or Assignment would have had; but the Title of any Purchaser of any such Property for valuable Consideration, bond Jide, without Notice of the Bankruptcy, or before the Commencement of the Imprisonment of such Insolvent, who shall have duly registered, enrolled, or recorded his Purchase Deed previous to the Registry hereby directed, shall not be invalidated by reason of such Appointment of Assignees, or of the vesting of such Property in them, unless such Certificate shall be registered as aforesaid within the Times following; (that is to say,) as regards the United Kingdom, within Two Months of the Date of such Appointment, and as regards all other Places, within Twelve Months from the Date thereof.

CCLXX. No Assignees of any Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, Assignees not ta nor any Purchaser from any such Assignees of any Goods, Chattels, othL^Way'than^ Stock, or.Crop, being Part of the Estate of any Bankrupt or Insolvent Bankrupt or engaged or employed in Husbandry on any Lands let to Farm, shall JaSbeenTnSleJ take, use, or dispose of any Hay, Straw, Grass or Grasses, Turnips, to. or other Roots, or any other Produce of such Lands, or any Manure,

Compost, Ashes, Seaweed, or other Dressings intended for such Lands, and being thereon, in any other Manner or for any other Purpose than such Bankrupt or Insolvent so employed in Husbandry lawfully might have taken, used, or disposed of the 6ame.

CCLXXI. If the Assignees of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, being Bankrupt or entitled to any Land, either under a Conveyance, Agreement, or j^btetoRents or otherwise, subject to any Rent, or being entitled to any Lease or Covenants in Con-Agreement for a Lease, shall elect to take such Land or the &°c a.ngnd ifAs- Benefit of such Lease or Agreement for a Lease, such Bankrupt signees decline to or Insolvent shall not be liable to pay any Rent accruing after the^wSu^cept1^ the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or to be Conveyance, &c.,

5 N sued "7 Person enti *

tied may apply to the Court.

Vendor of Estate in Lands may compel Assignees to elect whether they will abide by or decline the Agreement for Sale.

Assignees may execute Powers previously vested in Bankrupt or Insolvent.

Court may order Bankrupts or Insolvents to join in Conveyances.

Conditional Estates granted by he Bankrupt or Insolvent may be redeemed.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

sued in respect of any subsequent Nonobservance or Nonperformance of any Conditions, Covenants, or Agreements in any such Conveyance or Agreement, or Lease or Agreement for a Lease; and if the Assignees shall not within a reasonable Time after being thereto required elect whether they will accept or decline such Land, or Conveyance or Agreement, or such Lease or Agreement for a Lease, any Person entitled to such Rent, or having so conveyed or agreed to convey, or leased or agreed to lease, or any Person claiming under him, shall be entitled to apply to the Court, and the Court may order them to elect, and may order the Lessees or the Bankrupt or Insolvent to deliver up such Conveyance or Agreement for Conveyance, or Lease or Agreement for Lease, in case they shall decline the same, and the Possession of the Premises, or may make such other Order therein as it shall think fit.

CCLXXII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall have entered into any Agreement for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest in Land, the Vendor or any Person claiming under him, if the Assignees shall not (upon being thereto required) elect whether they will abide by and execute such Agreement or abandon the same, may apply to the Court, and the Court may thereupon order them or the Bankrupt or Insolvent to deliver up the Agreement and the Possession of the Premises, or may make such other Order therein as such Court shall think fit.

CCLXXIII. All Powers vested in any Bankrupt or Insolvent which he might legally execute for his own Benefit (except the Right of Nomination to any vacant Ecclesiastical Benefice) may be executed by the Assignees for the Benefit of the Creditors.

CCLXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Application of the Assignees, or of any Purchaser from them of any Part of the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, to order the Bankrupt or Insolvent to join in any Conveyance of such Estate or any Part thereof, or any Act or Deed in relation thereto; and if he shall not comply with such Order, such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and all Persons claiming under him, shall be stopped from objecting to the Validity of such Conveyance, and all Estate, Right or Title which such Bankrupt or Insolvent had therein shall be as effectually barred by such Order as if such Conveyance had been executed by him.

CCLXXV. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall have granted, conveyed, assured, or pledged any Real or Personal Estate, or deposited any Deeds, subject to a Condition or Power of Redemption at a future Day, the Assignees may, before the Time of the Performance

of

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

of such Condition, make Tender or Payment of Money or other Per-

fonnance according to such Condition, as fully as the Bankrupt or ______.

Insolvent might have done; and after such Tender, Payment, or Performance such Real or Personal Estate may be sold and disposal of for the Benefit of the Creditors.

GCLXXVI. The Assignee may, with thfe Approbation of the Assignees may Court, appoint any Bankrupt or Insolvent to superintend the Manage ^"0^sdven^ ment of the Estate, or to carry on the Trade for behoof of the to manage the Creditors, of in any other respect to aid them in administering the Estate-Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estates and Effects, in such Manner and on such Terms as they may think best.

CCLXXVII. The Assignees shall be subject to the Orders of the Assignees subject Court in their Conduct as Assignees; and it shall be lawful for the to Orders of Court. Court at all Times to summon the Assignees, and examine them and require them to pay all Monies, and produce and deliver over all Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents which may \

have come to their Possession or Custody as such Assignees, as the Court shall order.

CCLXXVIII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall at the Time of the Bankruptcy or the filing the Petition of Insolvency be a Member of a Firm, it shall be lawful for the Court to authorize the Assignees to commence or prosecute any Suit in the Name of such Assignees and of the remaining Partner, to recover any Debt due to or any Estate or Effects of the Partnership; and such Judgment, Decree, or Order may be obtained therein as if such Suit had been instituted with the Consent of such Partner; and if such Partner shall execute any Release of the Claim for which such Suit is instituted, such Release shall be void; provided that every such Partner shall have Notice given him of such Application, and be it liberty to show Cause against it, and, if no Benefit be claimed by him by virtue of the said Proceedings, shall be indemnified against the Payment of any Costs in respect of such Suit in such Manner as the Court may direct; and it shall be lawful for the Court, upon the Application of such Partner, to direct that he may receive so much of the Proceeds of such Action or Suit as the Court shall direct.

Member of a Firm becoming bankrupt or insolvent, the Court may authorize Suit in Name of Assignees and of remaining Partner.

Partner to have Notice and may. show Cause.

Court may direct Partner to have Part of Proceeds.

CCLXXIX. The Assignees, with the Leave of the Court, may Assignees may commence, prosecute, or defend any Suit which the Bankrupt or g^j^dcom^0* Insolvent might have commenced and prosecuted or defended, and in pound for Debts: such Case the Costs to which they may be put shall be allowed out " ^rbTfaation>UteS Of the Estate; and, with like Leave of the Court, the Assignees may take such reasonable Part of any Debts due to the Bankrupt's or

Insolvent's

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Assignees, their Insolvent's Estate as may by Composition be gotten, or may give Bights and Duties. Time, or take Security for the Payment of such Debts, and may submit to Arbitration any Difference or Dispute between the Assignees and any other Person for or on account or by reason of anything relating to the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent.

Reference to CCLXXX. If the Assignees shall agree to refer any Matter to

Arbitration be Arbitration, such Reference shall be made a Rule of the Court.

made a Rule of

Court.

Persons from CCLXXXI. All Persons from whom the Assignees shall have re *

whom the As- covered any Real or Personal Estate, and all Persons who shall without rfre^orwlYhav'e Suit bona fide deliver up Possession of any Real or Personal Estate paid the Assignees, to the Assignees, or pay any Debt claimed by them, are hereby from^ltdmifby the discharged from all Claim of such Bankrupt or Insolvent in respect of Bankrupt or the same, even although the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency be Insolvent. afterwards dismissed, or the Adjudication annulled.

Allowance to Per- CCLXXXII. The Assignees may, with the Approval of the Court, eons disclosing make to any Person who shall discover and disclose Property of any

concealed " l / «/

Property. Bankrupt or Insolvent concealed or withheld such Allowance out of such Property as to the Court shall seem fit.

Suits not to abate by Death or Removal of Assignees.

Protection to Assignees if Prisoner discharged without Adjudication.

Limitations of Actions for Things done in pursuance of this Act. General Issue. Costs.

CCLXXXIII. Whenever an Assignee shall die, or be removed, or a new Assignee shall be appointed, no Suit shall be thereby abated, but. the Court in which any Suit is depending may, upon the Suggestion of such Death or Removal and new Appointment, allow the Name of the new Assignee to be substituted.

CCLXXXIV. In case any Prisoner who shall have filed a Petition of Insolvency, or against whom a Petition of Insolvency has been filed by any Creditor, shall be discharged out of Custody without any Adjudication being made by the Court, all the Acts done before his Discharge by the Assignees or other Persons acting by the Authority of the Court shall, according to the Provisions of this Act, be good and valid; and in such Case no Suit shall be commenced against any Assignees appointed under this Act, or any Person duly acting under their Authority or the Authority of the Court, except to recover any Property, Estate, Money, or Effects of such Prisoner detained after an Order made by the Court for the Delivery thereof, and Demand made thereupon.

CCLXXXV. Every Action brought against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed; and the Defendant may plead that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if it shall

appear

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

appear so to have been done, or that such Action was commenced

after the Time limited as aforesaid for bringing the same, the Jury

shall find for the Defendant. Audit and

Dividend.

CCLXXXVI. The Court shall whenever it shall think fit, at a Appointment for public Sitting, of which such Notice shall be given as the Court shall SutinS for -Audit, by any General or Special Order direct, audit the Accounts of the Assignees; and at such Sitting the Assignees shall deliver upon Oath a true Statement in Writing of all Money received by them respectively, and when and on what Account, and how the same has been employed, and such other Particulars as the Court may direct; and the Court shall examine such Statement, and ascertain what Balances have been from Time to Time in the Hands of such Assignees respectively, and with what Sums the Assignees are properly chargeable; and it shall be lawful for the Court to examine the Assignees upon Oath touching such Accounts, and to make therein all just Allowances, hut the Court may, if it think fit, dispense with the Attendance of the Creditor's Assignees at such Sitting.

CCLXXXVII. The Court may direct any Money, Part of such Court may direct

Estate, to be vested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or in the ^one7 j°.

7 *; invested m Ex-

PubllC Funds, for the Benefit of the Creditors, and may direct where chequer Bills, and with whom such Exchequer Bills shall be kept, and cause such Exchequer Bills or Funds to be sold when it shall appear to such Court expedient, and may direct the Proceeds thereof to be- again laid out in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or in the Public Funds, or to be applied for the Benefit of the Creditors.

CCLXXXVIII. The Court shall, whenever it shall think fit, appoint Method of making a public Sitting, whereof such Notice shall be given as the Court shall Dividends, by any General or Special Order direct, to make a Dividend, and may at such Sitting direct such Part of the net Produce of the Estate as it may think fit to be forthwith divided, and make an Order for Dividend accordingly in such Form as the Court shall by any General Order direct; and the Assignees shall forthwith make such Dividend in manner directed by the Orders at any Time in force under this Act relating to the Mode of Payment of Dividends by the Assignees.

CCLXXXIX. The Court may appoint the same Sitting for the Sitting for Audit Audit and Dividend. "A Dividend.

CCXC. If the Estate shall not have been wholly divided upon Final Dividend the First Dividend, the Court shall, within Eighteen Months after the within Eighteen filing of the Petition, appoint a public Sitting to make a Second whereSuUsdepend-5 O Dividend,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland). ing or Estates not Dividend, of which su£h Notice shall be given as the -Court shall by

11 A °

sow, «c. any General or Special Order direct, and at such' Sitting shall order the Balance in hand to be forthwith divided; and such Second Dividend shall be final, unless any Suit be depending, or any Part of the Estate be not sold or disposed of, or unless some other Estate or Effects shall afterwards come to the Assignees, in which Case they shall as soon as may be convert such Estate and Effects into Moneys and within Two Months after the same shall be so Converted the same shall also be divided in manner aforesaid.

Outstanding CGXCI. If there shall be any outstanding Debts or other

wld by the As^ Property belonging to the Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent signees after a which cannot in the Opinion of the Court be collected and received certain Time. without unreasonable or inconvenient Delay, it shall be lawful for the Assignees, under the Direction of the Court, to sell and assign such Debts and other Property in such Manner and subject to such Conditions as shall be ordered by the Court; and any Person to whom any of such Debts shall be so sold or assigned may sue for the same in his own Name as fully as the Assignees might have done.

Debtor and CCXGII. Fourteen Days before a final Dividend shall be adver *

to^fbrt^shed by- there shall be sent by the Official Assignee to each Creditor's Official Assignee, Assignee a Debtor and Creditor Account between the Official Assignee &c.Tbeforefinal, ee' atl^ such Estate, showing also the Monies remaining uncollected Dividend. under such Estate, and the Cause of such Monies remaining uncol-

lected; and a Copy of such Account shall, on Application to the Official Assignee, be delivered to any Person who shall pay for the same such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as shall be settled by the Court.

No Action to be brought for Dividends, bat the Remedy to be by Application to the Conrt.

CCXCIII. No Action for any Dividend shall be brought against any Assignee, but if the Assignees shall refuse to pay any such Dividend the Court may order Payment thereof, with Interest for the Time it shall have been withheld, and may also order the Costs of the Application.

Unclaimed CCXCIV. All Monies and Government Securities which shall,

Dividends, tfc. at the Time appointed for the Commencement of this Act, stand in Monies standing the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Chief Clerk of the Court n* aTF*4 d^Ac" ^or belief of Insolvent Debtors, to the Credit of an Account called count ininsolvency " The General Fund Account," shall be carried by the Bank 6f to be carried to Ireland to the Credit of an Account to be called "The Unclaimed ^drad Account Dividend Account," subject to the Orders of the Court for the Payment thereout of any Dividiend, or for the Distribution of any Part thereof, in the Matter to which the same originally belonged.

CCXCV.AU

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Inland).

CCXCV. All unclaimed Dividends, save Dividends declared

before the passing of this Act, and all Monies unclaimed, the.

Produce of any Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, shall, after the Unckime^Divi-Expiration of the Period of Twelve Months from the Dividend having the same been declared, or from the Time at which any other Monies unclaimed Account, shall have come to the Hands of the Assignees, be paid into or transferred to the Credit of "The Unclaimed Dividend Account," subject . to the Order of the Court for the Payment thereout of any Dividend due to any Creditor, or for the Distribution of any such other unclaimed Money.

CCXQVI. The Court may, from Time to Time, direct that Court may direct the whole or any Part of the Monies standing to the Credit of said Investment-Unclaimed Dividend Account shall be invested in the Public Funds.

CCXCVII. The Interest and Profit arising from " The Unclaimed Application of Dividend Account" shall from Time to Time be applied, under Interest-the Order of the Court, towards defraying the Expenses of the Court.

CCXCVIII. Every Bankrupt apd Insolvent shall be entitled to retain, under the Name of excepted Articles, such Articles of Household Furniture, and Tools, Implements of Trade, and other like Necessaries, as he shall specify and select, not exceeding in the whole the Value of Twenty Pounds; and such excepted Articles shall not be subject to be sold or disposed of in the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or to be taken in Execution at the Suit of any Creditor entitled to prove under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency; and in all Cases there shall be filed with the Proceedings an Inventory of such excepted Articles, with a Valuation of the same respectively, with a Certificate signed by the Appraiser-or other Person making such Valuation attesting the Truth thereof, and stating when and where such Articles were seen and valued.

Allowances to the Bankrupt or Insolvent.

Bankrupt, 8cc. allowed to retain, as " Excepted Articles," Furniture, Tools, &c.

CCXC1X. Except where the Court shall otherwise order, an Inven- An Inventory and tory and Valuation of the Remainder of the Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Remainder of the Household Furniture, Tools, and Implements of Trade shall be Bankrupt's or made and delivered to the Official Assignee; and where the Bank- holdFurniture!&c" rupt or Insolvent shall, by Writing under his Hand, request the to be made, which Assignees not to dispose of the same, such Household Furniture, ^ithou^Orde^of Tools, or Implements of Trade shall not be disposed of by the the Court. Assignees without previous Order of the Court; and the Court may, upon the Application of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, postpone the Removal and Sale of the same for such Time as the Court, in the Exercise of its Discretion, shall think fit, and the Couit may permit

the

Allowances to the Bankrupt or Insolvent.

If Bankrupt or Insolvent entitled to any Allowance, his Household Furniture, &c. to be taken in lieu of Money,

Allowance for Maintenance.

Allowance to Bankrupt 5 per Cent, and not exceeding 400/, as soon as 10#. paid in the Pound.

per Cent, and not exceeding 500/., if 12#. 6d.

10 per Cent, and not exceeding 600/., if 15#. '

One Partner may receive Allowance although other not entitled.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

the same to remain in the Use of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, upon such Terms and Conditions and with such Security as may seem proper; and the Court may at any Time order the same to be taken by the Messenger or Assignees, and to he sold for the Benefit of the Creditors.

CCC. If the Bankrupt or Insolvent shall become entitled to an Allowance in Money, and the Household Furniture, Tools, and Implements of Trade so contained in the last-mentioned Inventory and Valuation shall not have been sold, the Bankrupt or Insolvent shall accept the same at the Valuation so originally put upon the same, or a sufficient Portion thereof, to be selected by him, with the Approbation of the Assignees, as and for his Allowance instead of Money; and such Articles so accepted shall thereupon revest in him as his own Property.

CCCI. It shall be lawful for the Court, if it think fit, from Time to Time to make such Allowance to the Bankrupt or Insolvent, out of his Estate, as shall be necessary for the Support of himself and Family.

CCCII. The Court may make to every Bankrupt who shall have obtained his Certificate, and every Insolvent who shall have obtained his final Discharge, such Allowance out of the Estate as to the Court shall seem fit, not exceeding the Rates and Amount following, that is to say, if the net Produce of the Estate shall pay the Creditors Five Shillings in the Pound, an Allowance at the Rate of Three Pounds per Ce, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Three hundred Pounds; and if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Ten Shillings in the Pound, an Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, provided such Allowance shall not exceed Four hundred Pounds; and if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Twelve Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, an Allowance at the Rate of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per, provided

such Allowance shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds; if such Produce shall pay such Creditors Fifteen Shillings in the Potind or upwards, an Allowance at the Rate of Ten Pounds per,

provided such Allowance shall not exceed Six hundred Pounds.

CCCIII. The Court may make such Allowance to any Partner if a sufficient Dividend shall have been paid upon the joint Estate and upon the separate Estate of such Partner, although the other Partner may not be entitled to any Allowance.

CCCIV. If

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CCC1VV If the Produce of the Estate of any Bankrupt of Insolvent shall be sufficient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound, with such Interest as the Court shall allow to the Creditors, and to leave a Surplus, the Court shall order such Surplus to be paid to such Bankrupt or Insolvent, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

CCCV. The Court may at any Time summon any Bankrupt or Insolvent before it; and m case he shall not come at the Time appointed by the Court (having no lawful Impediment made known to and allowed by the Court at such Time), it shall be lawful for the Court by Warrant to authorize and direct any Person or Persons the Court shall think fit to apprehend and arrest such Bankrupt of Insolvent, either in Ireland or Great Britain, and to bring him before the Court, provided the Warrant, if executed in England or Scotland, shall be verified upon Oath, and backed or indorsed as herein-before directed.

CCCVI. Upon the Appearance of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, or if such Bankrupt or Insolvent be present at any Sitting of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to examine such Bankrupt or Insolvent upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or on Interrogatories in Writing, touching all Matters relating to his Trade, Dealings, or Estate, and to reduce his Answers into Writing, which Examination so reduced into Writing the said Bankrupt or Insolvent shall sign.

CCCVII. It shall be lawful for the Court to summon before it the Wife of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, and to examine her upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or Interrogatories in Writing, for the finding out and Discovery of the Estate, Goods, and Chattels of such Bankrupt or Insolvent concealed, kept, or disposed of by such Wife, in her own Person or by her own Act, or by any other Person, and to reduce her Examination into Writing, which Examination she is required to sign.

CCCVIII. After Adjudication in Bankruptcy, or the filing of a Petition in Insolvency, it shall be lawful for the Court to summon before it any Person known or suspected to have any of the Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent in his Possession, or who is supposed to be indebted to the Bankrupt or Insolvent, or any Person the Court majr believe capable of giving Information concerning the Person, Trade, Dealings, or Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent; and the Court may require such Person to produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, or other Documents in his Custody or Power which may appear to the Court material in relation to the Matters which the 5 P Court

425

Allowances to the Bankrupt or Insolvent,

If Estate pay 20s. in the Pound and Interest, and leave a Surplus, the same to be paid to Bankrupt, &c.

Power of Court in relation to Property, #c.

Court may summon Bankrupt or Insolvent, and issue Warrant if he does not attend.

Court may examine Bankrupt or Insolvent as to his Estate, &c.

Court may summon and examine the Wife of Bankrupt or Insolvent.

Court empowered to summon Persons suspected of having Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Property, &c.

Power of ' Court in relation to Property, SfC.

Service of Summons where Persons keep out of the Way.

Power to examine Persons summoned or present at any Sitting.

In a Case of Debts due to Bankrupt's or Insolvent's Estate, Court may order Payment.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Court is authorized to inquire into; and if such Person so summoned as aforesaid shall not come before the Court at the Time appointed, having no lawful Impediment (made known to and allowed by the Court), it shall be lawful for the Court by Warrant to authorize and direct the Person or Persons therein named for that Purpose to apprehend and arrest such Person, and bring him before the Court for Examination.

CCCIX. Where it shall be shown by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Court that apy Person to whom any Summons, Copy of Affidavit, Notice, or Order, or other Proceeding under this Act is directed, is keeping out of the Way, and cannot be personally served therewith, it shall be lawful for the Court to order that the Delivery of a Copy of such Summons, Copy of Affidavit, Notice, or Order, or other Proceeding, to the Wife or Servant or some adult Inmate of the House or Family of the Person at his usual or last known Place of Abode or Business, and explaining the Purport thereof to such Wife, Servant, or Inmate, shall be equivalent to Personal Service; and in every such Case the Service of such Summons, Copy of Affidavit, Notice, Order, or other Proceeding under this Act, in pursuance of such Order, shall be and be deemed of the same Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as Personal Service.

CCCX. Upon the Appearance of any Person summoned or brought before the Court, or if any Person be present at any Sitting of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to examine every such Person upon Oath, either by Word of Mouth or by Interrogatories in Writing, concerning the Person, Trade, Dealings, or Estate of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, and to reduce into Writing the Answers of every such Person; and such Answers, so reduced into Writing, such Person examined is hereby required to sign.

CCCXI. If on the Examination of any Person alleged to be a Debtor to the Estate of any Bankrupt or Insolvent it shall appear that such Person is indebted to the Bankrupt or Insolvent in any Sum of Money, and that there is no Set-off or Defence to the same, it shall be lawful for the Court, if it think fit, to order (in the Form contained in the Schedulers.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect,) that such Person shall forthwith, or at such Time and in such Manner as to the Court may seem expedient, pay the Amount to the Official Assignee, together with the Costs of and incident to the Summons of such Person, if the Court think fit to award Costs; or the Court may, if it think fit, in the said Form contained in Schedule (S.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, order the Official Assignee to pay the Costs of the Person summoned

out

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

out of the Estate of the Bankrupt or Insolvent; provided- also, that Power of Court ip

if Part only of the Sum actually due be so admitted, or if the Court

make an Order for Part only of the Sum, the Residue may be re- -

coverable in the same Manner in all respects as if no such Order

had been made.

CCCXII. The Court may order that for a Period not exceeding Court may order Three Months from the Date of any such Order all Post Letters directed or addressed to any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall be redirected, Insolvent to ba re-addressed, sent, or delivered by the Postmaster General, or the deifvered to°r Officers acting under him, to the Assignees, or other Person named Official Assignees, in such Order; and upon Notice, by Transmission of a Duplicate of &c' any such Order to the Postmaster General, or the Officers acting under him, by the Assignees, it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General, or such Officers as aforesaid, in England, Scotland, or Ireland, to re-address, re-direct, send, or deliver all such Post Letters to the Assignee, or other Person named in such Order, accordingly; and the Court may, upon any Application to be made for that Purpose, renew any such Order for the like or for any other less Period as often as may be necessary.

CCCXIII. If any Bankrupt, at the Time he becomes bankrupt, or if any Insolvent, at the Time of the Commencement of his Imprisonment, shall, by the Consent and Permission of the true Owner thereof, have in his Possession, Order, or Disposition any Goods or Chattels whereof he was reputed Owner, or whereof he had taken upon him the Sale, Alteration, or Disposition as Owner, the Court shall have Power to order the same to be sold and disposed of for the Benefit of the Creditors under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency; but the Provisions of this Section shall not apply to any Transfer or Assignment of any Ship or Vessel, or any Share thereof, made by way of Security, duly registered according to the Provisions of the Laws in force for the registering of British Vessels.

Court may order Goods in the Possession, Order, or Disposition of the Bankrupt or Insolvent to be sold.

Not to apply to Assignment of Vessels under tho Laws for registering Vessels.

CCCXIV. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent, being at the Time in Power of Court insolvent Circumstances, shall (except upon the Marriage of any yeyance^&c^ade of his Children or for some valuable Consideration) have conveyed, by Bankrupt or assigned, or transferred to any of his Children or to any other Insolvent '

Person any Hereditaments, Offices, Fees, Annuities, Leases, Goods, or Chattels, or have delivered or made over to any such Persons any Bills, Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, or have transferred his Debts to any other Person or into any other Person's Name, the Court shall have Power to order the same to be sold and disposed of for the Benefit of the Creditors; and every such Sale shall be valid against the

20° & 21" VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland),

Power of Court in the Bankrupt or Insolvent and such Children and Persons, and against relation to Pro-, .

all Persons claiming under him *

perty, tfc.

Court may sell Property improperly extended.

CCCXV. If any Real or Personal Estate or Debts of any Bankrupt be extended after he shall have become bankrupt, or of any Insolvent after the Commencement of his Imprisonment, by any Person, under Pretence of his being an Accountant of or Debtor to the Queen, the Court may examine upon Oath -whether the said Debt was due to such Debtor or Accountant upon any Contract originally made between such Accountant and the Bankrupt or Insolvent; and if such Contract was originally made with any other Person than the said Debtor or Accountant, or in trust for any other Person, the Court may order such Real and Personal Estate or Debts to be sold for the Benefit of the Creditors, and such Sale shall be valid against the said Extent and all Persons claiming under it; and any Person to whom the said Real and Personal Estate or Debts shall be bargained, sold, granted, or assigned by the Court shall have and may recover the same against any Person who shall detain the same.

Court may permit CCCXVI. The Court may permit any Mortgagee to bid at any at^ale^to bld Sale bhe mortgaged Premises which shall take place before the Court.

Discretion's to CCCXVII. And whereas Bankrupts and Insolvents may be Property in certain entitled to Property under such Circumstances that the immediate Cases- Sale thereof may be very prejudicial: In all such Cases it shall be lawful for the Court to take into consideration all Circumstances affecting such Property, and make any Special Order touching the same, and to direct that such Property shall not be sold, and from Time to Time to order and direct in what Manner such Property shall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Person, until the same can be properly sold, and to make such Orders touching the Sale or Disposition of such Property, and upon such Terms and Conditions with respect to the Allowance of Interest, or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem just.

Property may be mortgaged if more beneficial.

CCCXVIII. If it shall appear to the Court that the Debts of any Bankrupt or Insolvent can be discharged by means of Money raised by way of Mortgage on any Property of such Person, instead of raising the same by Sale, it shall be lawful for the Court so to order, and to give all necessary Directions for such Purpose, and generally to direct all Things which may be proper for the Discharge of the Debts of such Person, in such Manner as may be most consistent with the

Interests

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Interests of such Person in any Surplus of his or her Effects after Payment of such Debts.

CCCXIX. The Court may order such Portion of the Pay, Half Pay, Salary, Emolument, or Pension of any Bankrupt or Insolvent as, on Communication from the Court to the Secretary-of-War, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, or the Chief Officers of the Department to which such Bankrupt or Insolvent may belong or may have belonged, or under which such Pay, Half Pay, Salary, Emolument, or Pension may be enjoyed by such Bankrupt or Insolvent, or to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, they respectively may, under their Hands, or under the Hand of their respective Chief Secretary or other Chief Officer for the Time being, consent to, in Writing, to be paid to the Official Assignee, in order that the same may be applied in Payment of the Debts of such Bankrupt or Insolvent; and, such Order and Consent being lodged in the Office of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, or of the Secretary of said Court of Directors, or of any other Officer or Persons appointed to pay or paying'any such Half Pay, Salary, Emolument, or Pension, such Portion of the said Pay, Half Pay, Salary, Emolument, or Pension as shall be specified in such Order and Consent shall be paid to such Official Assignee until the Court shall make Order to the contrary.

CCCXX. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall have any Government Stock, Funds, or Annuities, or any of the Stock of any public Company, either in Ireland, England, or Scotland, standing in his Name in his own Right, it shall be lawful for the Court to order all Persons whose Act or Consent is thereto necessary to transfer the same into the Name of the Assignees, and to pay all Dividends upon the same to the Official Assignees; and all such Persons *whose Act or Consent is so necessary are hereby indemnified for all Things done or permitted pursuant to such Order.

CCCXXI. No Distress for Rent made after an Act of Bankruptcy upon the Goods or Effects of any Bankrupt, whether before or after the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy, shall be available for more than Six Months Rent accrued prior to the Day of the filing of such Petition; and no Distress for Rent made and levied after the Commencement of the Imprisonment of any Insolvent shall be available for more than Six Months Rent accrued prior to the filing of the Petition of Insolvency, but the Landlord or Persons to whom the Rent shall be due shall be allowed to come in as a Creditor for the Overplus of the Rent due, and for which the Distress shall not be available.

5 Q CCCXXII. If

Power of Court in relation to Property, $c.

Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions of Bank* rupts and Insolvents to be applicable for Creditors.

Where Bankrupt or Insolvent beneficially entitled to Stock, Court may make Order for Transfer;

Distress not to be available for more than One Half Year's Rent due; the Landlord to prove for the Residue.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Pwer vf Court in CCCXXII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall as Trustee be re^ptTty°q*°- seised, possessed of, or entitled to, either alone or jointly, any Real   or Personal Estate, or any Interest secured upon or arising out of the same, or shall have standing in his Name as Trustee, either alone or Trustee, Court jointly, any Government Stock, Funds, or Annuities, or any of the ment°toanortiefD Stock any public Company, either in, England, or Scotland,

Trustee. it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, on the Petition of the Person

entitled in possession to the Receipt of the Income or Produce thereof on due Notice given to all other Persons (if any) interested therein, to order the Assignees, and all Persons whose Act or Consent thereto is necessary, to convey, assign, or transfer the said Estate, Interest, Stock, Funds, or Annuities to such Person as the Lord Chancellor shall think fit, upon the same Trusts as the said Estate, Interest, Stock, Funds, or Annuities were subject to before the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or such of them as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking effect, and also to receive and pay over the Income or Produce thereof as the Lord Chancellor shall direct; and it shall be lawful in such Case for the Lord Chancellor to appoint a new Trustee of the Property in the Place of the Bankrupt or Insolvent.

CCCXXIII. No Title to any Real or Personal Estate sold under any Bankruptcy or Insolvency shall be impeached by the Bankrupt or Insolvent, or any Person claiming under him, in respect of any Defect in any of the Proceedings.

CCCXXIV. After the Adjudication of Bankruptcy on a Creditor's Petition shall have been advertised in the " Dublin ," or upon

the filing of any Petition of Bankruptcy by a Trader, or of any Petition of Insolvency, it shall be lawful for the Court to order any Treasurer or other Officer, or any Banker, Attorney, or Solicitor, or other Agent of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, to pay and deliver over to the Official Assignee, or to the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Assignees of the Bankrupt or Insolvent for the Time being, all Monies or Securities for Money in his Custody, Possession, or Power as such Officer or Agent, and which he is not by Law entitled to retain as against the Bankrupt or Insolvent or his Assignees.

CCCXXV. All Goods and Chattels of any Bankrupt or Insolvent which shall at the filing of the Petition be under Seizure by virtue of any Attachment shall, upon Demand, be delivered up by all Persons having the Custody of same to the Assignees, and the Court may make Order accordingly.

CCCXXVI. In all Cases where it shall be made to appeal1 to the Satisfaction of the Court that there is Reason to believe that

any

Titles to Property sold not to be impeached.

The Court may order any Treasurer, &c. or Agent of the Bankrupt to deliver all Monies, &c.

Goods under Attachment to be delivered up.

Search Warrants may be granted.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

any Property of any Bankrupt or Insolvent is concealed in any *

House or other Place not belonging to such Bankrupt or Insolvent, perty, $c. the Court may grant a Search Warrant to the Messenger and his  Assistants or other Person appointed by the Court; and it shall be lawful for such Messenger and his Assistants or other Person to execute such Warrant according to the Tenor thereof; and such Messenger and his Assistants or other Persons shall be entitled to the same Protection as is allowed by Law in Execution of a Search Warrant for Property reputed to be stolen or concealed; and every such Search Warrant shall be in the Form contained in Schedule (R.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

CCCXXVII. No Action shall be brought against any Messenger No Action to be or his Assistants or other Person appointed by the Court for anything per^ns acting in done in obedience to any Warrant of the Court, unless Demand of obedience to the Perusal and Copy of such Warrant hath been made or left at the Court?"1 of the usual Place of Abode of such Messenger or his Assistant or other Person by the Party intending to bring such Action, or by his Attorney or Agent, in Writing signed by the Party demanding the same, and unless the same hath been refused or neglected for Six Days after such Demand; and if after such Demand, and Compliance therewith, any Action be brought against such Messenger, or Assistant or Person so appointed, the Jury at the Trial of such Action, on the Production and Proof of such Warrant, shall give their Verdict for the Defendant. Protected

Transactions.

CCCXXVIII. All Payments really and bond Jide made by or on behalf of any Bankrupt, before the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy, to any Creditor of such Bankrupt, and all Payments really and bona fide made to any Bankrupt before the filing of such Petition, and all Conveyances by any Bankrupt bona fide made and executed before the filing of such Petition, and all Contracts, Dealings, and Transactions by and with any Bankrupt really and bona fide made and entered into before the filing of such Petition, and all Executions and Attachments against the Lands and Tenements of any Bankrupt bona fide executed by Seizure, and all Executions and Attachments against the Goods and Chattels of any Bankrupt bona fide executed and levied by Seizure and Sale, before the filing of such Petition, shall be deemed to be valid, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed; provided the Person so dealing with or paying to or being paid by such Bankrupt, or at whose Suit or on whose Account such Execution or Attachment shall have issued, had not at the Time of such Payment, Conveyance, Contract, Dealing, or Transaction, or at the Time of so executing or

levying

Payments, Conveyances, Contracts, &c., Executions against Lands (if executed by Seizure), and against Goods (if executed by Seizure and Sale,) to be valid, if no Notice of Prior Act of Bankruptcy.

Nothing herein to give Validity to Payment, Sec. by way of fraudulent Preference.

432 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, CaP.60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

y Protected levying such Execution or Attachment, Notice of any prior Act of

___ ' Bankruptcy by him committed; provided that nothing herein contained

shall be deemed or taken to give Validity to any Payment, or other Dealing or Transaction whatever being a voluntary or fraudulent Preference of any Creditor by such Bankrupt, or to any Execution founded on a Judgment on a Warrant of Attorney or Cognovit actionem, or Judge's Order obtained by Consent, given by any Bankrupt by way of voluntary or fraudulent Preference.

CCCXXIX. No Creditor having Security for his Debt, or having made any Attachment in Dublin or in any other Place, by virtue of any Custom there used, of the Goods and Chattels of the Bankrupt, shall receive upon any such Security or Attachment more than a rateable Part of such Debt, except in respect of any Execution or Extent served and levied by Seizure and Sale of or any Mortgage of or Lien upon any Part of the Property of such Bankrupt, before the filing of a Petition of Bankruptcy.

No Validity to CCCXXX. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to give

Matter/raUduIent Validity to any Warrant of Attorney, Cognovit, or Consent to a Judge's Order, declared to be null and void; nor to give Validity to any Judgment entered up, under or by virtue of any such Warrant of Attorney or Consent, nor to any Extent executed or levied under or by virtue of any such Warrant of Attorney, Cognovit, or Consent; nor to give Validity to any Contract, Covenant, Dealing, or Transaction by way of voluntary or fraudulent Preference.

Registry of Judg- CCCXXXI. No Judgment Creditor who, under the Provisions of

ment under 13 & 14 an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years

Vict. c. 29. r.

not to give" Triority of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-nine, Sections Six and Seven, shall, after the passing of this Act, have registered an Affidavit of his Judgment, shall be entitled thereby, in the event of the Bankruptcy of the Person against whom such Judgment shall have been registered, to any Priority or Preference over Simple Contract Creditors, unless such Affidavit shall have been registered Three Months before the filing of the Petition.

CCCXXXII. No Purchase from any Bankrupt bona fide and for valuable Consideration, where the Purchaser had Notice at the Time of such Purchase of an Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, shall be impeached by reason thereof, unless a Petition of Bankruptcy shall have been filed within Six Months after such Act of Bankruptcy.

CCCXXXIII. Every

Bona fide Purchases not to be impeached unless Petition filed within Six Months after Act of Bankruptcy.

Creditors having Security not to receive more than other Creditors.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCCXXXIII. Every Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment in any personal Action given by any Bankrupt or Insolvent after the Commencement of this Act, and within Two Months of the filing of a Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency by or against such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and being (wholly or in part) for or in respect of an antecedent Debt or Money Demand, and every Cognovit actionem or Consent for Judgment given by any Bankrupt or Insolvent at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, and within Two Months of the filing of any such Petition in any Action commenced by Collusion with the Bankrupt or Insolvent, and not adversely, or purporting to have been given in an Action, but having been in fact given before the Commencement of any Action against the Bankrupt or Insolvent, such Bankrupt or Insolvent being unable to meet his Engagements at the Time of giving such Warrant of Attorney, Cognovit actionem, or Consent, (as the Case may be,) shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, whether the same shall have been given by such Bankrupt or Insolvent in contemplation of Bankruptcy or Insolvency or not.

CCCXXXIV. If after the Commencement of this Act any Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment in any personal Action, or any Cognovit actionem in any personal Action, shall have been given by any Bankrupt or Insolvent, and such Warrant or Cognovit, or a true Copy thereof, shall not have been filed with the proper Officer in the Courts at Dublin in which Judgment on such Warrant or Cognovit shall thereafter be entered up, within Twenty-one Days next after the Execution thereof, in Manner and Form provided by the Act passed in the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter 105, every such Warrant and Cognovit shall be deemed fraudulent, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if any such Warrant or Cognovit which shall be so filed as aforesaid shall have been given subject to any Defeasance or Condition, such Defeasance or Condition shall be written on the same Paper or Parchment on which such Warrant or Cognovit shall be written, before the Time when the same or a Copy thereof respectively shall be filed, otherwise such Warrant or Cognovit shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

CCCXXXV. After the Commencement of this Act, the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter 105, with reference to the filing of Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment, or Copies thereof, and the numbering, entering, and searching of the same, shall extend and be applicable to all Pleas of Confession, and Cognovits actionem, and all Acknowledgments and Consents for Judgment, and Copies thereof respectively, in any Suit in any of the 5 R Superior

Warrants of Attorney, , fyc. c.

Certain Warranto of Attorney, Cognovits, and Consents, given within Two Months of filing Petition, to be null and void.

Warrants of

Attorney and Cog* novits actionem to be void unless the same or a Copy thereof be filed,

&c. within 21 days after the Execution thereof.

Pleas of Confession, Consents, &c. to be void unless filed within 21 Days, in like Manner with Warranto of Attorney and Cognovits actionem.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Warrants of Superior Courts of Law in Ireland, and to the numbering, entering,

* *' and searching for the same; and if at any Time after Twenty-one Days next after the Execution or signing of any Plea of Confession, Cognovit actionem, Acknowledgment or Consent for Judgment, a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed by or against the Person, who, by himself or his Attorney, shall have given such Plea, Cognovit, Acknowledgment, or Consent for Judgment under which he shall be found and declared a Bankrupt, or if at any Time after the said Period of Twenty-one Days a Petition of Insolvency shall be filed by or against such Person, and an Order made thereon, that such Insolvent should file his Schedule or be brought up to be dealt with under this Act, then unless such Plea, Cognovit, Acknowledgment or Consent for Judgment, shall, within Twenty-one Days from the Execution or signing thereof, have been filed, pursuant to the Provisions of the same Act, or unless, within the same Period, Judgment shall have been entered thereon, and registered according to the Provisions the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety, such Plea of Confession, Cognovit, Acknowledgment, or Consent for Judgment, and the Judgment and Execution thereon, shall be deemed fraudulent and void against the Assignees in Bankruptcy or Insolvency, and such Assignees shall be entitled to recover, for the Benefit of his Estate, all Monies levied or Effects seized by virtue of any Execution on such Judgment.

Judgments not CCCXXXVI. If at any Time after Twenty-one Days from the Twenty-one Daja erdering or signing of any Judgment whatsoever in any of the said of entering to be Superior Courts (save and except Judgments entered upon or by VOld virtue of Warrants of Attorney, Pleas of Confession, or Consents for

Judgments, duly filed under the Provisions of this Act, or of the herein-before mentioned Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five,) a Petition of Bankruptcy shall be filed against or by the Person against whom such Judgment shall be entered or obtained, under which he shall be duly found and declared a Bankrupt, or if at any Time after said Period of Twenty-one Days a Petition of Insolvency shall be presented by or against such Person, then and in such Case, unless such Judgment shall have been duly registered, within Twenty-one Days from the entering or signing thereof, in the said Office of the Registrar of Judgments, such Judgment and any Execution thereon shall be deemed fraudulent and void against the Assignees under such Commission or Petition, and such Assignees shall be entitled to recover back and receive, for the Use of the Creditors of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, all and every the Monies levied or Effects seized under and by virtue of such Judgment and Execution.

CCCXXXVII. There

A

L-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

CCCXXXVII. There shall be payable to the Masters of the said Superior Courts a Fee of One Shilling, and no more, for each Search in respect of such Warrants of Attorney, Pleas of Confession, Cognovits, Acknowledgments, and Consents, whether some only or all of the Books shall be searched, and whether the Search shall be against One or more Persons.

CCCXXXVIII. If any such Prisoner shall, before or after his or hex-imprisonment, being in insolvent Circumstances, voluntarily convey, assign, transfer, charge, deliver or make over any Estate, Real or Personal, Security for Money, Bond, Bill, Note, Money, Property, Goods, or Effects whatsoever to any Creditor, or to any Person or Persons in trust for or to or for the Use, Benefit, or Advantage <of any Creditor, every such Transaction shall be fraudulent and void as against the Assignees of such Prisoner under this Act: Provided always, that no such Transaction shall be so deemed fraudulent and void unless made by such Prisoner within Three Months before the Commencement of his Imprisonment, or with the View or Intention of petitioning the Court for his Discharge from Custody under this Act.

CCCXXXIX. In all Cases where a Petition of Insolvency shall have been filed by or against any Prisoner, in case the said Prisoner shall have executed any Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment, or shall have given any Cognovit actionem or Bill of Sale, whether for a valuable Consideration or otherwise, no Person shall, after the Commencement of the Imprisonment of such Prisoner; avail himself or herself of any Execution issued or to be issued upon any Judgment obtained or to be obtained upon such Warrant of Attorney or Cognovit actionem, or of such Bill of Sale, either by Seizure and Sale of the Property of such Prisoner or any Part thei-eof, or by Sale of such Property theretofore seized, or any Part thereof, but any Person to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due in respect of any such Warrant of Attorney or Cognovit actionem, or of such Bill of Sale, shall and may be a Creditor or Creditors for the same under this Act.

CCCXL. Such of the Clauses of an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance in Ireland, as are numbered respectively in the Copies of that Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers Forty-eight, Forty-nine, Fifty, Fifty-one, Fifty-two, Fifty-three, Fifty-four, Fifty-five, Fifty-six, Fifty-seven, Fifty eight, Fifty-nine, Sixty, and Sixty-one, shall extend and apply to Proceedings

Warrants of Attorney) tye.

Fee for Search.

Voluntary Preference fraudulent and void as against Assignees.

Warrant of Attorney and Cognovit actionem not to be acted upon against Goods of Insolvent after his Imprisonment.

Estates Tail.

Clauses in 4 & 5 W .4. c. 92. with respect to the Disposition of Estates Tail under Bankruptcies, extended to Proceedings under this Act.

Copyholds *

Court may make Sale of Copyhold Lands for the Benefit of Creditors.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

ings in Bankruptcy under a Petition of Bankruptcy, and to Proceedings in Insolvency under a Petition of Insolvency, as fully and effectually as if those Clauses were re-enacted in this Act.

CCCXLI. The Court shall have Power to sell, and by Deed indented, enrolled in the Courts of the Manor whereof the Lands respectively may be holden, to convey for the Benefit of the Creditors, any Copyhold or Customaryhold Lands in ',

or elsewhere, or any Interest to which any Bankrupt or Insolvent is entitled therein, and thereby to entitle or authorize any Person to surrender the same for the Purpose of any Purchaser being admitted thereto.

Vendees of Copy* hold Lands shall compound with the Lord for their Fines.

Arrangements under the Control of the Court

CCCXLII. Every Person to whom any such Conveyance of Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements, or of any such Interest therein, shall be made, shall, before he enter into or take any Profit of the same, agree and compound with the Lords of the Manors of whom the same shall be holden for such Fines, Dues, and other Services as theretofore have been usually paid for the same, and thereupon the said Lords shall, at the next or any subsequent Court to be holden for the said Manors, grant unto such Vendee, upon Request, the said Copy or Customary Lands or Tenements for such Estate or Interest as shall have been so conveyed to him as aforesaid, reserving the ancient Rents, Customs, and Services, and shall admit him Tenant of the same.

Any Trader CCCXLIII. Any such Trader unable to meet his Engagements

unable to fulfil his with his Creditors, and desirous of laying the State of his Affairs hisl^btors^inay1 before them, under the Control of the Court, and of submitting himself petition the Court to the Jurisdiction of the Court in manner herein-after mentioned, may for Protection. present a Petition to the Court setting forth the true Cause of such Inability, and praying that his Person and Property may be protected from Process until further Order; and the Court on such Petition shall have Power to grant such Protection, and may renew the same from Time to Time as it shall think fit, and if the Petitioner be in Prison or Custody for Debt may, except in the Cases next herein-after mentioned, order his Release, either absolutely or on Condition, and may take Bail for his Attendance at the several Sittings of the Court herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that the Court shall not order such Release where it shall appear that the Petitioner is in Prison or in Custody for any Debt contracted by Fraud or Breach of Trust, or by reason of any Prosecution against him for any Offence, or for any Debt contracted by reason of any Judgment in any Proceeding for Breach of the Revenue Laws, or in any Action for Breach of

Promise

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Promise of Marriage, Seduction, Criminal Conversation, Libel, Slander,

Assault, Battery, malicious Arrest, or other malicious Proceeding: of the Court.

Provided also, that such Release shall in nowise affect any Rights of the Creditor against such Petitioner, except the Right of detaining

him in Prison whilst protected from Imprisonment by Order of the

Court: Every such Petition may be in the Form contained in the Petition to be

Schedule (T.) to this Act annexed or to the like Effect, and shall be Affidavit

filed in the Court, with an Affidavit in the Form contained in Schedule

(M.) to this Act annexed or to the like Effect.

CCCXLIV. Forthwith after the granting of any Order for Protection, the Court shall appoint a private Sitting to be held at Estate to be pos-such Time as it may name, and upon sufficient Cause shown may, if "89fd Official it shall think fit, direct that the Estate and Effects of the Petitioner or any Part thereof shall be possessed and received by the Official Assignees or be taken possession of by the Messenger of the Court, and that all Stock, Monies, and other Effects of the Petitioner shall be transferred, delivered, and paid by the Official Assignees into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of such Official Assignees, to be subject to the like Rules and Regulations as in Bankruptcy; and the Court shall have Power to examine on Oath such Petitioner or any Witness produced by him, or any Creditor or Person claiming to be a Creditor of such Petitioner, and to adjourn such private Sitting from Time to Time as it shall think fit; and Notice of such private Sitting shall be given to the Creditors at such Time and in such Manner as the Court shall by any General or Special Order direct.

CCCXLV. Such Petitioning Trader shall, Ten Days before Petitioning Trader the Date appointed for the private Sitting, file in the Court, and Ten'D^Tbefore in such Form as may by any Order to be made in pursuance of the Day appointed this Act be directed, a full Account of his Debts, and the Con- for Private Sitting, si deration thereof, and the Names, Residences, and Occupations of his Creditors, and also a full Account of his Estate and Effects, whether in possession, reversion, or expectancy, and of all Debts and Rights due to or claimed by him, and of all Property of what kind soever held in trust for him, and shall therein set forth such Proposal as he is able to make for the future Payment or the Compromise of such Debts or Engagements, and shall furnish the Official Assignees with a Copy of such Account.

CCCXLVI. At such private Sitting, or at any Adjournment thereof, At First Sitting the Creditors shall prove their Debts, such Proofs to be in all respects th^Debts, ° as Proofs in Bankruptcy; and the Petitioning Trader shall attend and if Three Fifths in make Oath of the Truth of the Account filed by him, and may be ^oTiave

examined thereon; and if at such Sitting or at any Adjournment proved Debts to 5 S thereof Amount of 10A

and upwards assent to Proposal, Sitting for Confirmation to be appointed.

If at Second Sitting Three Fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors who have proved Debts to the amount of 10/. and upwards agree to accept, Resolution to be binding on all, and Court may approve and confirm the same.

Agent of Creditor may vote.

Estate to vest in ' Official Assignee either alone or (if required by Resolution) jointly with any other Person.

20* & 2r VICTORIA, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

thereof Three Fifths in Number and Value of the Creditors who have proved Debts to the Amount of Ten Pounds shall assent to the Proposal of such Petitioner or to any Modification thereof, the Court shall appoint another private Sitting for the Confirmation of such Proposal or modified Proposal; and such Second Sitting shall be held not earlier than Fourteen Days from the First Sitting, and Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to every Creditor who was not present by himself or his appointed Agent at such First Sitting, at such Time and in such Manner as the Court shall, by any General or Special Order, direct.

GCCXLVII. At such Second Sitting, or at any Adjournment thereof, the Creditors may also prove their Debts; and if Three Fifths in Number and Value of those who have proved Debts to the Amount of Ten Pounds shall agree to accept such Proposal as was assented to at the First Sitting, the Terms thereof shall be reduced into Writing, and the Creditors shall sign the same; and such Resolution or Agreement, subject to such Confirmation as herein-after mentioned, shall thenceforth be binding and of full Force as well against such Petitioning Trader as against all Persons who were Creditors at the Date of his Petition, and who had Notice of the said several Sittings; and the Court, after hearing such Creditors, by themselves, their Counsel or Attornies, as may desire to be heard, either for or against such Resolution or Agreement, may approve and confirm the same, and cause it to be filed and entered of Record, and grant to the Petitioner a Certificate thereof, and may from Time to Time endorse on such Certificate a Protection from Arrest, and such Petitioner shall be flree from Arrest at the Suit of any Person being a Creditor at the Date of his Petition, and having had such several Notice or Notices as aforesaid; and any Officer arresting such Petitioner at the Suit of any such Creditor, and on Sight of such Certificate and Protection not releasing such Petitioner, shall be liable to such Penalty as is ' provided respecting Bankrupts in the like Case.

CCCXLVIII. Any Person duly authorized by Writing under the Hand of any Creditor who has proved a Debt to the Amount of Ten Pounds and upwards shall be entitled to vote on the Question of Assent or Dissent to the Proposal of such Petitioning Trader.

CCCXLIX. From and after the Date of the Approval and Confirmation of such Resolution or Agreement, all the Estate and Effects of such Petitioning Trader shall vest in the Official Assignees (if such shall be required by virtue of such Resolution, and either alone or jointly with any Person or Persons, as may be expressed in such

Resolution),

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Resolution), as fully as if such Official Assignees and other PartieB were Assignees under any Bankruptcy.

CCCL. The Official Assignees shall once at least in every Six Months, or oftener if the Court shall require it, produce to the Court, on Oath, a full and true Account of all MQnies, Property, and Effects of such Petitioning Trader which have come to their Hands, and of the Disposal thereof; and the Court shall examine the same, and shall certify the Result of such Examination, and if need be order Payment to the Creditors of such Petitioner according to the Terms of the Resolution or Agreement, and may in such Account make all just Allowances, and may order Payment to the Official Assignee of such Sum as a Remuneration for his Services as shall appear just and reasonable.

CCCLI. In case any Difficulty shall arise in the Execution of the said Resolution or Agreement, it shall be lawful for the Court to cause a special Sitting of the Court to be held; and the Resolution of the Majority in Number and Value of the Creditors at such.Sitting who have proved Debts to the Amount of Tea Pounds, to confirm, alter, or annul the whole or any Part of such Resolution or Agreement, shall be as valid as if it had been Part of the original Resolution or Agreement: Provided, however, that if One Third in Number and Value of the Creditors of such Petitioning Trader do not attend SUch Sitting the Resolution thereof shall not be valid, unless the same is approved and confirmed by the Court.

CCCLII. So soon as the said Resolution or Agreement shall haw been carried into effect, and the Creditors of such Petitioning Trader shall have been satisfied according to the Tenor thereof, the Court shall give to such Petitioner a Certificate under Seal of the Court, in the Form contained in the Schedule (U.) to this Act annexed Or to the like Effect, and such Certificate shall thenceforth operate to all Intents and Purposes as fully as if the same were a Certificate of Conformity under a Bankruptcy.

CCCLIII. If such Petitioning Trader shall not duly attend the Sittings of the Court, or if he shall not file his Account in manner aforesaid within such extended Time as may be allowed him by the Court for such Purpose, or if he shall fail to obey any Order of the Court which may be made in the Matter of his Petition, such Petition may be dismissed; and if at the First private Sitting of the Court or at any Adjournment thereof the Proposal of the Petitioner or some Modification thereof be not assented to, or if at any Time after the filing of any Petition for Protection, if it shall be shown that w the

Arrangement* under the Control - of the Court

Official Assignee to file Account every Six Month *

If any Difficulty arise in the Exe cation of Resolution, &c., a special Sitting may be, held.

When Resolution or Agreement has been carried into effect, Court to give Petitioning Debtor a Certificate thereof, and such Certificate to operate as a Certificate of Conformity.

If Petitioning Debtor do not .attend Sittings of the Court* or if lip do not file Account, &c., Petition to be dismissed; and if at First Sitting Proposal be not assented to, or if Debts contracted by Frauds, &c., or if Petitioning Debtor has not

made true Discovery, &c., Court may adjudge him bankrupt, and adjourn the Proceedings into the public Court, &c.

Private Sittings.

Questions of Law raised by Consent.

Payment of Money by Party on Judgment being given.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

the Affidavit filed with his Petition was wilfully untrue so far as concerned the Assets ready to be produced by him, or that he has not made a full Disclosure of his Debts and Credits, Estate and Effects, and is not desirous of making a bona fide Arrangement with all his Creditors, or that his Proposal to that Effect is not reason* able and proper to be executed under the Direction of the Court, or if within Three Months of the Time of presenting his Petition he shall have assigned, transferred, or made away with any Portion of his Estate or Effects otherwise than in due Course, or shall have voluntarily done or suffered any Act whereby his Goods shall have been taken in Execution, it shall be lawful for the Court to adjudge such Petitioner a Bankrupt, and to adjourn all further Proceedings in the Matter into the public Court, and to advertise such Adjudication, and appoint Sittings for Choice of Assignees and for last Examination as in Bankruptcy; and such Petitioner shall thenceforth be amenable to the Jurisdiction of the Court in the same Manner as any other Bankrupt, and any Proposal which may have been made or assented to or confirmed shall be wholly and altogether void; and the Court shall have Power at any Time, on the Application of any Creditor, to appoint a private Sitting for the Purpose of Inquiry, and may summon before it such Petitioning Trader or any other Person, and examine him upon Oath touching such Matters; and every such Summons and Examination shall be enforced in such Manner as Summonses and Examinations are enforced in Matters of Bankruptcy.

CCCLIV. The Court may, if it think fit, from Time to Time direct that any Sitting of the Court or Proceeding in any Matter under this Act shall be private, and that any Part of the Proceedings shall not be open to Inspection without Special Order.

CCCLV. In any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, the Parties concerned or submitting to the Jurisdiction may, at any Stage of the Proceedings, by Consent, state any Question or Questions in a Special Case for the Opinion of the Court.

CCCLVI. The Parties may, if they think fit, agree that, upon the Judgment of the Court being given in the Affirmative or Negative of the Question or Questions raised by such Special Case, a Sum of Money, fixed by the Parties, or to be ascertained by the Court or in such Manner as the Court may direct, shall be paid by one of such Parties to the other of them, either with or without Costs.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCCLVII. The proper Officer of the Court shall, unless the Court shall otherwise direct, on the reasonable Request of any Bankrupt, Insolvent, or arranging Debtor, or of any Creditor of such Bankrupt or Insolvent having proved his Debt, or of any arranging Debtor when the Debt of the arranging Creditor has been admitted in the Petition or proved, or on the like Request of the Attorney of any such Bankrupt, -Insolvent, Debtor, or Creditor, produce and show to such Bankrupt, Insolvent, Debtor, Creditor, or Attorney, at such Times as the Court shall direct, every Commission, Petition, Adjudication, and Petition for Arrangement against or by such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and all Orders and Proceedings under any such Commission, Petition, or Adjudication; and the Court may, if it think fit, order the Official Assignee or Officer of the Court, as the Case may be, to permit such Bankrupt, Insolvent, Debtor, Creditor, or Attorney to have Inspection at all reasonable Times of all Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Matters of such Commission, Petition, or Adjudication, and the Estate of the Bankrupt, Insolvent, or Debtor, in the Possession of the Assignees, or filed in Court in such Matter, and permit him to inspect and examine the same; and such Official Assignee or such Officer shall, subject to the Order and Direction of the Court, provide, for any such Bankrupt, Insolvent, Debtor, Creditor, or Attorney requiring the same, any Office Copy of such Commission, Petition, or other Proceedings, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or of such Part thereof as shall be required, and shall be entitled to receive, for providing and attesting such Copy, Three Halfpence for every Sheet therein, the said Sheets to contain Seventy-two Words and no more.

CCCLVIII. If the Bankrupt shall not (if he were within the United Kingdom at the Date of the Adjudication) within One Month after the Advertisement of the Bankruptcy in the " Dublin Gazette," or (if he were in any other Part of Europe at the Date of the Adjudication) within Three Months after such Advertisement, or (if he were elsewhere at the Date of the Adjudication) within Twelve Months after such Advertisement, have commenced a Suit to dismiss the Petition or to dispute or annul the Adjudication, and shall not have prosecuted the same with due Diligence and with Effect, the " Gazette" containing such Advertisement shall be conclusive Evidence in all Cases as against such Bankrupt, and in all Suits brought by the Assignees for any Debt or Demand for which such Bankrupt might have sustained any Suit, that such Person so adjudged bankrupt became a Bankrupt before the Date and filing of the Petition for Adjudication.

5 T

CCCLIX. In

Evidence.

Officer of Court to produce Proceedings, and give Copies thereof.

If Bankrupt do not dispute the Adjudication, the Gazette to be conclusive Evidence of the Bankruptcy as against the Bankrupt and against Persons whom the Bankrupt might have sued.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

* Evidence. CCCLIX. In any Action at the Suit of or against the Assig-

In certain Actions nees *n Bankruptcy, or against any Person acting under the Warrant by or against any of the Court, for anything done under such Warrant, no Proof shall under^tie^Bank- required at the Trial of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt, or of the ruptcy, no Proof Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy respectively, unless the other Party in TnalofPetitioning suc^ Action shall, if Defendant at or before pleading, and if Plaintiff Creditor's Debt, before or with Notice of Trial, give Notice in Writing to such Bankn^tcy uiiless Assignees or other Person that he intends to dispute some and which Notice bo given of such Matters; and in case such Notice shall have been given, if ar^to b^d^puted 8U^ Assignees or other Person shall prove the Matter so disputed, *or the other Party admit the same, the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried may (if he think fit) grant a Certificate of such Proof or Admission; and such Assignees or other Person shall be entitled to the Costs occasioned by such Notice.

The same in Suits CCCLX. In all Suits in Equity, whether at the Suit of or m Equity. *against the Assignees in Bankruptcy, no Proof shall be required at

the Hearing of the Petitioning Creditor's Debt, or of the Trading or Act of Bankruptcy respectively, as against any of the Parties in such Suit, except such Parties as shall within Ten Days after the Commencement of the Suit give Notice in Writing to the Assignees of their Intention to dispute some and which of such Matters; and -where such Notice shall have been given, if the Assignees shall prove the Matter so disputed, the Costs occasioned by such Notice shall, if the Court see fit, be paid by the Parties so giving such Notice.

Proceedings purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the Court receivable in Evidence.

Commissions of Bankrupt, &c. entered of Record under 11 &12 G.3. c. 8. (I.), 6&7 W.4. c. 14. to be received as Evidence of the same.

CCCLXI. Every Petition of Bankruptcy, Petition of Insolvency, Schedule, Adjudication, Petition for Arrangement between a Debtor and his Creditors, Appointment of Assignees, Certificate, Deposition, Order, Document, or other Proceeding in Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or under any such Petition for Arrangement, appearing to be sealed with the Seal of the Court, or any Writing purporting to be a Copy of any such Document, and purporting to be so sealed, shall at all Times, and on behalf of all Persons, and whether for the Purposes of this Act 6r otherwise, be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of such Documents respectively, and of such Proceedings and Orders having respectively taken place or been made, without any further Proof thereof: Provided always, that all Commissions of Bankrupt, Depositions, and other Proceedings under the same, which may have been entered of Record before the Commencement of this Act, and having the Certificate of Entry thereon, purporting to be signed by the Person appointed to enter the same by the Act of the Irish Parliament, Eleventh and Twelfth George the Third, Chapter Eight, and the Act ^xtVundr Seventh William the Fourth, Chapter Fourteen, or his

Deputy,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. «fc

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Deputy, shall, without Proof of the Appointment or Handwriting of such Person, be received as Evidepce of the same, and of- the same having been duly entered of Record, and of such Proceedings having respectively taken place.

CCCLXII. All Courts, Judges, Justices, and Persons judicially acting, and other Officers, shall take judicial Notice of the Signature of any Judge or Registrar or Chief Clerk of the Court, and of the Seal of the Court, subscribed or attached to any judicial or official Proceeding or Document, to be made or signed under the Provisions of this Act.

CCCLXIII, A Copy of a Declaration of Insolvency under this Act, purporting to be under the Seal of the Court, and to be certified by a Registrar of the Court as a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Declaration, and of the same having been filed.

CCCLXIV. A Copy of the Dublin Gazette, and of any Newspaper containing any such Advertisement as is by this Act directed or authorized to be made therein respectively, shall be Evidence of any Matter therein contained, and of which Notice is by this Act directed or authorized to be given by such Advertisement.

CCCLXV. In the event of the Death of any Witness deposing to the Petitioning Creditor's Debt, Trading, or Act of Bankruptcy, under any Bankruptcy heretofore or hereafter, or under any Petition for Arrangement, the Deposition of any such deceased Witness, purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the Court, or a Copy thereof, purporting to be so sealed, shall in all Cases be received as Evidence of the Matters therein respectively contained.

CCCLXVI. All Affidavits to be made or used in any Matter or Proceeding under this Act shall and may be sworn before the Court, or any Judge or Registrar thereof, or the Chief Clerk in Insolvency, or before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or before the Clerk of Affidavits, or any other Officer of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland authorized to take Affidavits, or any Justice of the Peace within his County, or, in England or Scotland, either before any Commissioner or other Person appointed by the Court of Chancery in Ireland for taking Affidavits, or having Authority to take Affidavits for the said Court, or before a Magistrate of the County, City, Town, or Place where any such Affidavit shall be sworn, or elsewhere before a Magistrate, and attested by a Notary, or before a British Minister, Consul, or Vice-Consul; and every such

Officer

Evidence

Judicial Notice to be taken of Signature of Judge or Registrar, and of the Seal of the Court,

Evidence of Declaration of Insolvency.

Advertisements, when Evidence.

On Death of Witness, Office Deposition or Copy thereof to be Evidence.

Before whom Affidavits are to be sworn.

Evidence.

Affidavits may be sworn in Prison before Visiting Justice or Keeper of Prison.

No Fees payable for swearing Affidavits.

Evidence may be taken viva voce o upon Affidavit.

Examination of Witnesses at a Distance from Dublin in certain Cases.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Officer or other Person is hereby authorized and required to administer the Oath upon any such Affidavit.

CCCLXVII. Any Affidavit of any Prisoner in any of Her Majesty's Prisons or Gaols in Ireland, England, or Scotland, to be used in any Matter under this Act, may be sworn before the Visiting or other Justice, or before the principal Keeper or Gaoler of such Prisons or Gaols; and every such Keeper or Gaoler is hereby authorized and required to administer the Oath upon any such Affidavit.

CCCLXVIII. No Fee or Reward whatever shall be taken or received by any Court or Magistrate, or any Inspector, Keeper, or Governor of any Gaol, for or in respect of the swearing of any Affidavit according to this Act.

CCCLXIX. The Lord Chancellor or the Court may, in all Matters within their respective Jurisdictions, take the whole or any Part of the Evidence either viva, voce on Oath, or by Interrogatories in Writing, or upon Affidavit.

CCCLXX. For the Purpose of facilitating the Examination of Witnesses at a Distance from Dublin, it shall be lawful for the Court, either before or after Adjudication, on the Application of any Person interested in the Estate of the Bankrupt or alleged Bankrupt, or liable to be examined with reference thereto, or of its own Discretion, to direct that an oral Examination of Witnesses shall be held at any Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, not being distant from the Court of Bankruptcy less than Twenty Miles, subject to the following Provisions:

First. The Direction shall be given by an Order under the Hand of a Judge and Seal of the Court:

Second. The Order shall specify where and when and before whom the Examination is to be held, and the Matters upon which Evidence is to be taken, and what Parties are to be entitled to attend such Examination:

Third. The Examiner to be named in the Order shall be either such Person as the Parties appearing before the Court on the Application for such Examination shall with the Approbation of the Court appoint, or such Person being a practising Barrister or Solicitor, and resident near the Place of Examination, as the Court shall appoint:

Fourth. Every Person who shall be appointed to be such Examiner shall, before entering on his Office, take the following Oath before a Notary Public or a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or before a Commissioner appointed

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

pointed to administer Oaths in the High Court of Chancery in England:

In the Matter of A.B., a Bankrupt [or alleged Bankrupt].

You shall, according to the best of your Skill and Know-

ledge, truly, faithfully, and without Partiality to any or either ' of the Parties in this Matter, take the Examinations and

Depositions of all and every Witness and Witnesses produced

and examined by virtue of the Order of the Court of Bank- ' ruptcy and Insolvency herein dated the Day

18, and duly and faithfully transmit

such Depositions, when completed, to the said Court.

So help you GOD Fifth. The Witnesses to be examined shall be summoned, and may be required to produce Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents in the same Manner as Witnesses to be examined before the Court, and the Examiner shall have Power to administer an Oath to every Witness:

Sixth. The Examination shall take place in the Presence of the Parties, their Counsel, Solicitors, or Agents; and the Witnesses shall be examined orally, and shall be subject to Cross-examination and Re-examination:

Seventh. The Depositions taken upon such Examination shall be taken down in Writing by the Examiner, not ordinarily by Question and Answer, but in the Form of a Narrative, and when completed shall be read over to the Witness, and signed by him in the Presence of the Parties:

Eighth. In case the Witness shall refuse to sign the Depositions then the Examiner shall sign the same, and such Examiner may upon all Examinations state any special Matter to the Court as he shall think fit; provided also, that it shall be in the Discretion of the Examiner to put down any particular Question or Answer, if there should appear any special Reason for doing so; and any Question or Questions which may be objected to shall be noticed or referred to by the Examiner in or upon the Depositions, and he shall state his Opinion thereon to the Counsel, Solicitors, or Parties, and shall refer to such Statement on the Face of the Depositions; but he shall not have Power to decide upon the Materiality or Relevancy of any Question or Questions; and the Court shall have Power to deal with the Costs of immaterial or irrelevant Depositions as may be just: Ninth. When the Examination of Witnesses before the Examiner shall have been concluded, the original Depositions, authenticated by the Signature of such Examiner, shall be transmitted by him to the Court, to be there filed:

Tenth. In case it shall become necessary or expedient, for the Purposes of any such Examination, that the Books, Papers, or 5 U other

Evidence.

Evidence,

Forms of Rales and Proceedings of the Court.

Solicitors.

Every Attorney Solicitor of the Superior Courts may practise in tl Court.

Misconduct of Attorney or Solicitor.

20* & ar VICTORI Vap.6tt

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) *

other Documents in the Custody of the Court relating to the Estate or Dealings of any Bankrupt should be transmitted to the Examiner so to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Court to direct the whole or any Part of such Books, Papers, or Documents to be so. transmitted to him, either through the Post or in any other Way which the Court shall direct, and the same shall remain in his Custody during the Continuance of such Examination, and on the Conclusion thereof shall be returned and transmitted to the Court in like Manner and along with the Depositions:

Eleventh. The Court in granting an Application for an Examination in the Country may impose such Terms as to Costs or otherwise, as it shall think fit, and it shall also be lawful, for the, Court to order the Payment of the Costs of and incident to any such Examination, or any Part thereof, to be borne either by the Estate of the Bankrupt or otherwise by such Parties and in such Manner as it may think fit; provided always, that the Amount to be allowed to any Examiner specially appointed as aforesaid in respect of his Attendance at any such Examination . shall be regulated in such Manner as shall be prescribed by any Order of the Lord Chancellor in that Behalf.

CCCLXXI. All Rules, Orders, Warrants, and other Proceedings of the Court may be in such Form and contain such Particulars as the Court shall by any General Orders to be made from Time to Time direct, and the same shall not be invalidated by reason of any Want of Form or Omission therein, if such Want of Form or Omission shall not, in the Opinion of the Court before whom the same shall be brought, be calculated to mislead or prejudicially to affect any Party to be affected thereby.

CCCLXXII. Every Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Dublin may appear, act in, and plead any Proceeding in the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, without being required to employ Counsel; and ip case any Person, not being such Attorney or Solicitor, shall practise in the Court as such, he shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of Court, and be liable to all the Penalties incident thereto; and all Laws now in force concerning Attornies and Solicitors shall extend, so far as the same may be applicable, to Attornies and Solicitors practising before the Court as aforesaid.

CCCLXXIII. If any Attorney or Solicitor shall be guilty of any Misconduct, the Court may suspend or discontinue altogether his Right to practise in the Court.

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

CCCLXXIV. The Provisions in an Act passed in the Session of The Provisions and Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of i^Chancellor, Her Majesty, Chapter 105, so far as the same relate to Orders of the &c- in Bankruptcy Lord Chancellor, or of the Court of Commissioners of Bankruptcy, ^los. s. 27. to be therein referred to, in Matters of Bankruptcy, and the Powers given applicable to this by the same Act to the Lord Chancellor, and the Master of the -A*ct '

Rolls, and the Court of Commissioners of Bankruptcy, in Matters of -Bankruptcy, shall extend to and be applicable to Orders of the Lord Chancellor, and of the Court, in Matters of Bankruptcy or Insolvency under this Act.

- .Costs.

CCCLXXV. The Court may in all Matters before it order such Court may in all Costs as to such Court shall seem fit and just to be paid by any of Cases award Costs, the Parties, and may order that a Sum certain shall be paid as the full Amount of the Costs, without Taxation.

CCGLXXVI. If any Person adjudged bankrupt shall not upon the Day limited for his Surrender, and before Three of the Clock of such Day, or at the Hour and upon the Day allowed him for finishing his Examination, after Notice thereof in Writing, to be served upon him personally, or left at his usual or last known Place of Abode or Business, or personal Notice, in case such Person be then in Prison, and Notice given in the Dublin Gazette of the Adjudication and of the Sittings of the Court, (having no lawful Impediment proved to the Satisfaction of or allowed by the Court,) surrender himself to such Court, and sign or subscribe such Surrender, or if any such Bankrupt or Insolvent upon such Examination shall not discover all his Real and Personal Estate, and how and to whom, upon what Consideration, and when he disposed of, assigned, or transferred any of such Estate, or if any such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall not deliver up to the Assignees all such Part of such Estate, and all Books, Papers, and Writings relating thereunto as shall be in his Possession, Custody, or Power, (except the necessary Wearing Apparel of himself, Wife, and Children,) or if any such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall remove, conceal, or embezzle any Part of such Estate to the Value of Ten Pounds or upwirds:, or any Books of Account, Papers, or Writings relating thereto, with Intent to defraud, every such Bankrupt and Insolvent shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Offences against the Law of Bankruptcy, and Insolvency.

Bankrupt or Insolvent, not delivering up Books, &c., or removing, concealing, or embezzling Estate;

CCCLXXVII. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall, with Intent to Wilfully omitting defraud, wilfully and fraudulently omit from his Schedule any Effects sebedde; the or Property whatsoever, or retain or except out of such Schedule, as Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working Tools and Implements, or other Necessaries, Property of greater Value than Twenty Pounds, every.

such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty, of a Misdemeanor.

CCCLXXVIII. If

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Bankrupt or Insol- CCCLXXVIII. If any Bankrupt shall, in contemplation of Bank *

vent destroying or . J n, _. n t.

falsifying Books, ruptcy, or with Intent to defeat the Object of the Law relating to

&c>» Bankrupts, or if any Insolvent shall, in contemplation of Insolvency,

or with Intent to defeat the Object of the Law relating to Insolvents,

destroy, alter, mutilate, or falsify any of his Books, Papers, Writings,

or Securities, or make or be privy to the making of any false or

fraudulent Entry in any Book of Account or other Document, with

Intent to defraud, every such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall be deemed

guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Any Member of a CCCLXXIX. If any Person, being a Member of any Joint Stock

Knowledge'of or Company which shall be adjudged bankrupt, shall, after and with

in contemplation of Knowledge of an Act of Bankruptcy within the Meaning of this Act

a Bankruptcy, de- committed by such Company, or in contemplation of the Bankruptcy stroyimr or falsify* a /

ing Books, &c. of of such Company, have destroyed, altered, mutilated, or falsified any

mak?°mf l^En Writings, or Securities of such Company, or

tries, &c .; made or been privy to the making of any false or fraudulent Entry in

any Book of Account or other Document, with Intent to defraud, or to defeat the Object of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed

to be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Bankrupt or Insol- CCCLXXX. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall within Three Months'precld'ing Months next preceding the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or his Bankruptcy or Insolvency, under the false Colour and Pretence of carrying on ing°Goods onta "' Business and dealing in the ordinary Course of Trade, obtain on Credit under false Credit from any other Person any Goods or Chattels with Intent to inthTord^ary ng defraud, or *f any such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall, within such Time Course of Trade; and with such Intent, dispose of any of his Goods or Chattels otherwise than by bona fide Sales in the ordinary Way of his Trade, every such Bankrupt or Insolvent shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Bankrupt or In- CCCLXXXI. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall within Three Three Months Months next preceding the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy preceding his or Insolvency wilfully and knowingly commit any Fraud on his solvency Commit Creditors, or do any Act, or make any false Representation knowing it ting any Fraud on to be false, with Intent to defraud his Creditors, every such Bankrupt guU^ofMi^*0' or lns°lvent shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, meanors.

Persons convicted CCCLXXXII. Every Person convicted of a Misdemeanor under be lfabktolmprU *his Act shall be liable to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding sonment. Two Years, with or without Hard Labour.

False Evidence. CCCLXXXIII. Any Person who shall upon any Examination upon corrupt Perjury. Oath or Affirmation, or in any Affidavit or Deposition or Affirmation, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or wilfully and corruptly

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

swear or affirm anything which shall be false, being convicted thereof, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CCCLXXXIV. If any Bankrupt or Insolvent shall be suspected of or charged with the Commission of any of the Offences herein-before specified, the Court may direct the Assignees to institute and carry on a Prosecution of such Bankrupt or Insolvent for such Offence, and to order that the Costs and Expenses to be incurred in such Prosecution shall be paid out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and such Assignees shall thereupon institute and carry on such Prosecution accordingly.

CCCLXXXV. If any Person shall refuse to be sworn, or shall refuse to answer any lawful Question put by the Court, or shall not fully answer any such Question to the Satisfaction of the Court, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his Examination when reduced into Writing (not having any lawful Objection allowed by the Court), or shall not produce any Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings, or other Documents in his Custody or Power relating to any of the Matters under1 Inquiry which such Person is required by the Court to produce, and to the Production of which he shall not state any Objection allowed by the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court by Warrant to commit such Person to such Prison as such Court shall think fit, there to remain without Bail until he or she shall submit himself or herself to such Court to be sworn, and full Answers make to the Satisfaction of such Court to all such lawful Questions as shall be put, and sign and subscribe such Examination, and produce such Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings, and other Documents in his Custody or Power.

CCCLXXXVI. In any Warrant of Committal of any Person by the Court for refusing to answer any Question, or for not fully answering to the Satisfaction of the Court, or for refusing to subscribe his Examination, it shall not be necessary to set forth or specify any such Questions, nor any Part of the Examination of the Person so committed, but it shall be sufficient to refer in the said Warrant to the Examination or Deposition of the Person as remaining on the File of Proceedings, and to specify in the said Warrant the precise Date of the Examination or Deposition so referred to; provided, however, that in every Case in which any Person shall be so committed for refusing to answer or for not fully answering any Question put to him, every such Question shall be specified in the Examination or Deposition of the Person committed remaining on the File of Proceedings, and so referred to as aforesaid; and provided also, that a Copy of 5 X the

Court may direct Prosecution.

An j Person refusing to be sworn, or refusing to answer, or not fully answering, or refusing to sign Examination, or to produce Books, &c., may be committed.

Warrant of Committal for unsatisfactory answering, or refusing to answer, need not specify Questions.

450 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Copy of the Exa- the said Examination or Deposition so referred to shall be delivered fi^shed^o^e personally to the Person committed within Twenty-four Hours next Person committed, after his actual Committal to Prison; and in default of the said Copy being delivered the Person committed shall be discharged from Custody, either by the Court, or by the Judge before whom such Person may be brought by Habeas corpus, with such Costs, if any, as the said Court or Judge may deem just; and, save as herein above provided, no Person shall be discharged from such Custody for mere Matter of Form, but upon the Merits only.

Form of Warrant. CCCLXXXVII. Every Warrant for unsatisfactory answering may be in the Form or to the Effect in Schedule (V.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and every Warrant for refusing to answer, or for being guilty of any Riot or Disturbance in the Court, or for interrupting the Court in the Exercise of its Duty, may be respectively in the Forms or to the Effect in Schedules (W.) and (X.) respectively, or to the like Effect.

On Habeas corpus, CCCLXXXVIII. If any Person so committed for unsatisfactory answering shall sue forth any Writ of Habeas corpus in order to be discharged from such Commitment, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom such Person shall be brought to inspect and consider the whole of the Examination or Deposition of such Person so referred to as aforesaid; and if it shall appear from the whole Examination that the Answer or Answers of the Person committed is or are satisfactory, such Court or Judge shall and may order the Person so committed to be discharged.

CCCLXXXIX. If any Person shall knowingly and wilfully resist, hinder, or obstruct any Messenger of the Court in the Execution of his Duty as such Messenger, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, being thereof duly convicted, shall be liable to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Six Months.

Judge or (Jourt may inspect the whole Examination.

Obstructing the Messenger, &c. a Misdemeanor.

Assignee disobey- CCCXC. If any Assignee shall retain in his Hands or employ for

ing Direction to °- . r J

pay or invest his own Benefit, or knowingly permit any Co-assignee so to retain

Money, and retain- or empj0y any Sum to the Amount of more than One hundred ingit, or permitting 17 rL

Co-assignee to rounds, Part of the Estate of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, or shall i^tobT bar'°d neS^ec^ to 'nvest any Money in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or with 20 per Cent. in the Public Funds, when directed by the Court, every such Assignee shall be liable to be charged in his Account with such Sum as shall be equal to Interest at the Rate of Twenty pgr Centum per Annum on all such Money for the Time during which he shall have so

retained

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60. 451

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

retained or employed the same, or permitted the same to be so . retained or employed, or during which he shall so have neglected to

invest the same, and the Court is hereby required to charge every -

such Assignee in his Account accordingly.

CCCXCI. If any Person shall disobey any Order of the Court, Persons disobeying duly made, for enforcing any of the Purposes and Provisions of this to be^committeTto Act, or of any other Act hereafter to be in force relating to the Prison until they Subject Matters of this Act, the Court may, by Warrant in the Form ^om^or the Lord contained in Schedule (Y.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, Chancellor shall commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol of any County, otherwi8e order. City, or Place where he shall be found, or where he shall usually reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until such Court or the Lord Chancellor shall make Order to the contrary.

CCCXCII. If any Petitioning Creditor shall after the Bankruptcy Petitioning Credi-receive any Money, Satisfaction, or Security for his Debt or any Part wRh°Trader<after thereof, whereby such Petitioning Creditor may receive more in the Bankruptcy. Pound in respect of his Debts than the other Creditors, such Petitioning Creditor shall forfeit his whole Debt, and shall also repay or deliver up such Money, Satisfaction, or Security, or the full Value thereof, to the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Bankrupt.

CCCXCIII. Any Person who shall wilfully conceal any Real or Concealing Bank-Personal Estate of any Bankrupt or Insolvent, and who shall not E^*c8tgrInsolvent 8 within Forty-two Days after the filing of the Petition of Bankruptcy or Insolvency discover such Estate to the Court or to the Assignees, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds and double the Value of the Estate so concealed.

CCCXCIV. If any Creditor of a Bankrupt or Insolvent shall Obtaining Money, obtain any Sum of Money, or any Goods, Chattels, or Security for *^"0forbear Money, from any Person, as an Inducement for forbearing to oppose Opposition or or for consenting to the Allowance of the Certificate of such Bankrupt g^tTor Dis^1*" or Discharge of such Insolvent, every such Creditor so offending charge, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Treble Value or Amount of such Money, Goods, Chattels, or Security so obtained.

CCCXCV. If any Judge, Registrar, Clerk, Messenger, Assignee, Officers, &c.taking or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall, for anything done Fees improperly, or pretended to be done under this Act, or under colour of doing anything under this Act, fraudulently and wilfully demand or take, or appoint or allow any Person whatsoever to take for him or on his Account, or for or on account of any Person by him named, or in

trust

Offences against the Law of Bankruptcy, , fyc. c.

Inserting Advertisements without Authority.

Forging Signature of Judge or Officer, or the Seal of Court.

Gaoler suffering Persons committed to escape.

Application of Forfeitures.

Fees and Stamp Duties.

Stamps in lieu of Fees.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

trust for him, or for any other Person by him named, any Fee, Emolument, Gratuity, Sum of Money or any Thing of Value whatsoever, other than is allowed by this Act or any such other Act as aforesaid, such Person, when duly convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable and is hereby rendered incapable of holding any Office or Place under Her Majesty.

CCCXCVI. Any Person who shall wilfully insert or cause to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, or in any Newspaper, any Advertisement under this Act, without Authority, or knowing the same to be false in any material Particular, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

CCCXCVII. If any Person shall forge the Signature of any Judge or Registrar, or other Officer of the Court, or shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the Court, or knowingly concur in using any such forged or counterfeit Signature or Seal, for the Purpose of authenticating any Proceeding or Document, or shall tender in Evidence any such Proceeding or Document with a false or counterfeit Signature of any such Judge, Registrar, or other Officer, or a false or counterfeit Seal of the Court subscribed or attached thereto, knowing the same Signature or Seal to be false or counterfeit, every such Person shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to the same Punishment as any Offender under an Act passed in the Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Admission in Evidence of certain official and other Documents.

CCCXCVIII. If any Gaoler to whose Custody any Bankrupt, Insolvent, or other Person shall be duly committed shall refuse to receive such Bankrupt or Insolvent or other Person, or shall suffer him to escape, every such Gaoler shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

CCCXCIX. All Sums of Money forfeited under this Act may be sued for by the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Bankrupt or Insolvent connected therewith or interested therein in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record; and such Sums of Money, when recovered, shall be added to and form Part of the Estate.

CCCC. Every Document enumerated in the Schedule (Z.) to this Act annexed shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be printed or written upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper bearing the Stamp Duty set opposite to such Document in such Schedule: Where any such Document shall consist of more than One Sheet,

only

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

only the First Sheet shall be impressed with the Stamp: No Fees No Fees to be or Stamp Duties other than those authorized by the Act shall be payable in respect of any Affidavit, Certificate, Bond, Motion, or Act Proceeding in Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or under this Act: Provided, that nothing in this Section contained shall exempt from Stamp Duty any Deed, Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance which now is by Law liable to such Duty.

CCCCI. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall give Directions for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act with respect to give the neces-to Stamp Duties in lieu of Fees, and shall cause separate and sar7 Directions, distinct Accounts to be kept of all Sums of Money received by them under the Provisions of this Act, and of all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred by them or by their Order in carrying the same into effect.

CCCCII. The said Commissioners may pay and deduct and After deducting retain out of such Monies all such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, ml^fonerstopay and also deduct all Sums of Money repaid on Allowance for spoiled over Balance of Stamps; and after such Deduction they shall from Time to Time, ^Bankruptcy Fee and in such Manner as the Court shall by Rules and Orders under Fund Account." this Act direct, pay the same into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of an Account there to be opened in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be entitled "The Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account."

CCCCIII. Every Draft or Order on the Bank of Ireland for the Drafts on Bank* Payment of Money out of the Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account ruptcy Fee Fuu<1' shall be signed by the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery for the Time being; and all Drafts and Orders so signed, but not otherwise, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons named therein, or to the Bearers of them.

CCCCIV. If at the End of any Year there shall be a Surplus Power to order standing to the Credit of "The Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account," ruptcy Fee^und after the Payment of the several Salaries and Sums of Money charged to be paid into the thereon by this Act, the Lord Chancellor may by any Order direct Exclw<luer* that the whole or any Part of such Surplus shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Brtiain and Ireland, at such Time and in such Manner as he shall think fit.

CCCCV. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may appoint Commissionors of any Persons to sell and distribute such Stamps, and allow them may appoint*111 *

5 Y such

Person for Sale and Distribution of Stamps, and make Allowance for spoiled Stamps.

Provisions of former Acts relating to Stamps to be applied to the Stamps to be provided under ihis Act.

Appointment of

Accountant

General

As to Payments out of Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account

Act to extend to Aliens and Denizens.

Act to extend to Ireland only, except, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

audit Discount or Poundage as may by any General Rule be directed; and the Commissioners may by any such General Rule make Regulation for the Allowance of such Stamps issued under the Provisions of this Act as may have been spoiled, or rendered useless, or unfit for the Purpose intended, or for which the Owner may have no immediate Use, or which, through Mistake or Inadvertence, may have been improperly or unnecessarily used; and such Allowance shall be made either by giving other Stamps in lieu of the Stamps so allowed, or byrepaying the Amount or Value to the Owner or Holder thereof, after deducting the Discount or Poundage allowed on the Sale of Stamps of the like Kind.

CCCCVI. The Provisions contained in the several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall (so far as the same are applicable, and consistent with the Provisions of this Act), in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamps to be provided under or by virtue of this Act, and to the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which the same shall be impressed, and shall be applied and put in execution for collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted thereby, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Provisions had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said last-mentioned Stamps and Sums of Money respectively.

CCCCVII. It shall be competent to the Lord Chancellor to direct -that the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery shall act as Accountant General of the Court, and in such Case the Accountant General shall carry into effect the Orders of the Lord Chancellor in the same Manner as if they were Orders of the Court of Chancery.

CCCCVIII. The several Payments to be made from Time to Time out of the Bankruptcy Fee Fund Account shall be so made on the Order of the Lord Chancellor.

CCCCIX. This Act shall extend to Aliens and Denizens, both to make them subject thereto and to entitle them to all the Benefits given thereby.

CCCCX. This Act shall not extend to either England or Scotland, except where the same are expressly mentioned.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Acts and Parts of Acts repealed.

Date of Act Title. Extent of Bepe&I.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 40. - An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified; and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences. The whole.

6 W. 4. c. 14. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland. The whole.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. 74. - An Act to abolish certain Offices Clause XXXIV. in the

connected with the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the Performance of the Duties thereof. Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

1 Vict. c. 48. - - An Act to appoint a Second Commissioner of Bankrupts in Ireland, and to amend an Act passed in the 6th and 7th Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland." The whole.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 86. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sessions holden in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland. The whole.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 105. - An Act for abolishing Arrest on Clause VIII. in the Copy

Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases; for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice in Ireland. printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Date of Act Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 107. - An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. The whole.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 47. - - The whole.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 95. An Act for consolidating the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, and the City Marshalsea, Dublin, and for regulating the Four Courts Marshalsea in Ireland. Clauses VII. and VIII. in the Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

7 «t 8 Vict. c. 90. - An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis Pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy, and for providing One Office for the registering of all Judgments in Ireland; and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions. Clauses XXXVI., XXXVII., and XXXVIII. in the Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to substitute a Declaration for an Oath in Cases of Bankruptcy. So far as relates to Ireland.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 98. - An Act for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies in Ireland unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements. The whole, save Clause XXIX. in the Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

10 & 11 Vict c. 85. An Act for giving further.Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office. Clause XI. in the Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 107. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Bankruptcy in Ireland. The whole.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors. Clause CXIX. in the Copy printed by Her Majesty's Printers.

SCHEDULE (B.)

O

cq '

o

o

c§

rT

Return by The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857.

One of the Official Assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, showing the State of every Bankruptcy and Insolvency under his Charge, for the Year ending on the 31st Day of December 18 .

Cn

N

xn

O

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19.

Name of Bankrupt Date of Petition. Gross Amount of Debts and Liabilities stated in the Balance Sheet 1 I I 1 Gross Amount of Assets in Balance Sheet Total Amount of Assets collected. Total Amount paid in Dividends. Average Rate per Cent, on the Debts proved. Total Amount of Charges (exclusive of the Allowances to the Official As- ' signee). | Total Amount of Allowances paid to the Official Assignee. Total Amount of Allowances to Official Assignees for Petty Expenses. Average Rate per Cent on Monies collected by Official Assignees. Balance in Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Estate. Balance in Hands of Official Assignee. Particulars of Certificates granted, refused, and suspended (distinguishin g the Result of each Bankruptcy). Cause of Failure as shown by Books and Accounts. Bankruptcies and Insolvencies in which final Dividends have been declared, and the Estates wound up, between the 1st January and 31st December 18, ill elusive. Dates of Certificates allowed Dates of Discharge of Insolvents, with the Periods of Remand, if anjr. Observations.

A. 1. 2. 3. 4. etc.

Name of Insolvent

B. 1. 2. 3. 4, etc.

Dated this 15th Day of January 18

I certify this to be a true Return.

[Signature]

One of the Official Assignees of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

to

o

o

to

o

H

O

HH

s#

0 V

01 ©

4

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 1.

[In Bankruptcy.]

Declaration of Insolvency by Trader.

I, the undersigned E.F. of do hereby declare,

That I am unable to meet my Engagements with my Creditors.

Dated at the Hour of o'Clock [in the Forenoon, or at Noon, or

in the Afternoon, as the Case may be,] this Day of

in the Year of our Lord Witness, (Signed) E.F.

G.H.y Attorney of the Court.

SCHEDULE (C.) No. 2.

Declaration of Insolvency by Joint Stock Company.

By virtue of a Resolution duly passed in that Behalf on the Day of at a Board of Directors of [here state the Name or Style

of the Company], duly summoned for that Purpose, it is hereby declared, that the said Company [or Society, &c., as the Case may be,] is unable to meet its Engagements.

Dated this Day of in the Year

[Common Seal of the Company, or, if the Company have no Common Seal, the Signature of the Chairman of the Board of Directors who was present at the passing of the Resolution.]

Witness 0.11, Attorney [or

Solicitor] of the Court of and Attorney [or Solicitor] of the said Company, and attesting Witness to the Execution hereof as such Attorney [or Solicitor].

SCHEDULE (D.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Writ of Summons and Plaint to be served on a Member of Parliament in order to enforce the Provisions of" The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857."

Victoria, &c.

To C.D. of, &c. Esquire, having Privilege of

Parliament, greeting:

and you are hereby informed that an Affidavit of Debt for the Sum of hath been filed in the proper Office, according to the Provisions of "The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857," and that unless you pay, secure, or compound for the Debt sought to be recovered in this Action, or enter into such

Bond

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

Bond as by the said Act is provided, and cause an Appearance and Defence to be filed for you within Twenty-one Days next after such Service hereof, you will be deemed to have committed an Act of Bankruptcy from the Time of the Service hereof.

Witness at Dublin, the

Day of

This Writ is to be served within Four Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards, and is to be endorsed with the Name of the Plaintiff or his Attorney, in manner following; that is to say.

This Writ was issued by E.F. of

Attorney for the Plaintiff [or Plaintiffs] within named.

or

This Writ was issued in Person by the Plaintiff within named, who resides at [mention the City, Toicn, or Parish, and also the Name of the Hamlet, Street, and Number of the House of the Plaintiff *s Residence, if any such there be].

SCHEDULE (E.)

[In Bankruptcy.] Affidavit for summoning a Trader Debtor.

A.B. of and C.D. of severally

make Oath and say, and first this Deponent A.B. for himself saith, That E.F. is justly and truly indebted to this Deponent in the Sum of [the Amount of the Debt] for, &c.

[stating the Nature of the Debt with Certainty and Precision]; and this Deponent further saith, that the said E.F., as this Deponent verily believes, is a Trader within the Meaning of the Law of Bankruptcy, and resides at and that an Account in Writing of the Particulars of the Demand of the said A.B., amounting to the said Sum of [the Amount of the Debt], with a Notice thereunder written in the Form prescribed by " The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857, '' requiring immediate Payment of the said Debt, is hereunto annexed; and this Deponent C.D. for himself saith, that he did on the Day of instant [or last] personally [or otherwise, according to the Fact,] serve the said E.F. with a true Copy of the said Account and Notice.

SCHEDULE (F.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Particulars of Demand, and Notice requiring Payment.

To E.F. of

The following are the Particulars of the Demand of the undersigned A.B. of against you the said E.F., amounting to the Sum of [the Amount of the Debt Then copy the Account],

Take notice. That I the said A.B. hereby require immediate Payment of the said Sum of

Dated this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (G.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Summons of Trader Debtor.

These are to will and require you to whom this Summons is directed personally to be and appear before the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in the City of Dublin on the Day at o'Clock; and

you are hereby informed that the Purpose lor which you are thus summoned to appear before the said Court is to ascertain, in Manner and Form prescribed by " The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857," whether or not you admit the Demand of A.B. of (who claims of you the Sum of [state the Amount\

for a Debt), or any and what Part thereof; or whether you verily believe that you have a good Defence upon the Merits to the said Demand, or to any and what Part thereof; and hereof you are not to fail at your Peril.

Given under my Hand, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) C. £)., Judge.

SCHEDULE (H.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Admission of Debt by Trader Debtor.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin,

Day of A.D.

Whereas I, the undersigned E.F. of ain summoned to

apj>ear before this Court for the Purpose of stating whether or not I admit the Demand of A.B. of (who claims of me the said E.I*\ the

Sum of [the Amount] for a Debt), or any and what Part thereof; or whether I verily believe that I have a good Defence upon the Merits to the said Demand, or to any and what Part thereof: Be it known. That I the said E.F. hereby confess that I am indebted to the said A.B. in the said Sum of [or in Part of the said Sum of that is to say, in the Sum of ].

(Signed) E.F.

SCHEDULE (I.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Deposition by Trader Debtor that he has good Answer to Creditor's Demand or

some Part thereof.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin,

Day of A.D.

E.F. bring; sworn on the Day and Year and at the Place

aforesaid, upon his Oath saith. That he verily believes he has a good Defence upon the Merits to the Demand [or to Part of the Demand]

herein-after mentioned of A.B. of who claims of the said

E.F. the Sum of for a Debt alleged to be due and owing from the said E.F. to the said A.B., as stated in the Affidavit of the said A.B. filed in this Court, and bearing Date the Day of

(Signed) E. F.

Sworn before me,

J.K.y Judge.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (J.)

Form of Bond to pay admitted Demand.

Know all Men by these Presents, That we, A.B., C.D.y and E.F.y are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to E.F. in the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to him, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for which Payment to be well and truly made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

Dated this Day of in the Year of our Lord 18

(L.S.)

(LA)

(L-.8.)

Whereas the said A.B., after being duly summoned to appear in Her Majesty's Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, for the Purpose of stating whether or not he admits a certain Demand of the said E.F.y amounting to the Sum of or any and what Part thereof, or whether he verily believes

that he has a good Defence upon the Merits to the said Demand, or to any and what Part thereof, hath deposed upon Oath [or Affirmation, as the Case may be,] that he verily believes that he, the said A.B.y hath a good Defence upon the Merits to the said Demand [or to Part of the said

Demand"): And whereas an Action, wherein the said E.F. is Plaintiff and the said A.B. is Defendant, is now depending in [name the Court in which the Action is depending] for the Recovery of the said Demand [or last-mentioned Sum, as the Case may be]: Now therefore the Condition of this Obligation is such, that if the said A.B. shall, on Demand, well and truly pay to the said E.F.y or his Attorney or Agent, such Sum as shall be recovered by, together with such Costs as shall be given to, the said E.F. in such Action, this Obligation shall be void and of no Effect, but otherwise shall be and remain in full force and virtue [<or, if an Action has not been already brought, insert, instead of the Paragraph following the *, these Words: Now therefore the Condition of this Obligation is such, that if the said A.B. shall, on Demand, well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the said E.F.y his Attorney or Agent, such Sum or Sums as shall be recovered by, together with such Costs as shall be given to, the said E.F. in any Action which shall hereafter be brought for the Recovery of the said Demand, [or last-mentioned Sum, as the Case may require,] this Obligation shall be void and of no Effect, but otherwise shall be and remain in full force and virtue.]

SCHEDULE (K.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Admission of Debt by Trader Debtor signed out of Court.

I, the undersigned E.F. of do hereby confess. That I am

indebted to A.B. of in the Sum of

(Signed) E.F. Dated this Day of A.D.

Witness,

G.H.y Attorney for the said E.F.y and subscribing Witness to the Execution hereof as such Attorney.

6 A

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (L.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Petition of Bankruptcy by a Creditor

To the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

The humble Petition of Showeth,

That being a Trader, is indebted unto your Petitioner

in the Sum of

and that your Petitioner has been informed and believes that the said

did lately commit an Act of Bankruptcy within the true Intent and Meaning of the Law of Bankruptcy.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays, That on Proof of the Requisites in that Behalf Adjudication of Bankruptcy may be made against the said . And your Petitioner shall ever pray, §*c.

Signed by the Petitioner, on the Day of 18 ,

in the Presence of Solicitor in the Matter of this Petition.

If the Petition be by Partners, alter the Form accordingly, and let it be signed by One on behalf of himself and Partners. If the Petition be by several not being Partners, then it must be signed by each, and in such Case the Names of the several Petitioners should be stated in the Attestation or Attestations relating thereto respectively.

If the Petition be against Partners} alter the Form accordingly.

SCHEDULE (M.)

[In Bankruptcy.] Affidavit of Truth of Allegations in Petition.

Day of A.D.

of in the of the

Petitioner named in the Petition hereunto annexed, maketh Oath and saith, That the several Allegations in the said Petition are true.

Sworn at this Day of 18 ,

before me

If the Petitioner affirm, alter the Form accordingly.

SCHEDULE (N.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Petition by a Trade*' for Adjudication of Bankruptcy against himself

To the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

The humble Petition of Showeth,

That your Petitioner, being a Trader within the Meaning of the Law of Bankruptcy, and being unable to meet his Engagements with his Creditors, has filed a Declaration of Insolvency in Manner and Form in that Case made and provided, and that your Petitioner verily believes that he can make it

appear

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that his available Estate is sufficient to produce the Sum of Fifty Pounds at the least.

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays, That, on Proof of the Requisites in that Behalf, Adjudication of Bankruptcy may be made against him.

And your Petitioner shall ever pray, &c.

Signed by the Petitioner on the Day of 18 ,

in the Presence of Solicitor in the Matter of this Petition.

If the Petition be by Partners, alter the Form accordingly, and state the Names of the several Petitioners in the Attestation or Attestations relating thereto respectively.

SCHEDULE (O.)

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency. Certificate of Conformity.

In the Matter on Whereas the said A.B. of was on the

I Day of duly adjudged and declared a Bankrupt,

a Bankrupt. J and the said Bankrupt did on the Day of last finish

his Examination, and upon such Examination made a full Disclosure and Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and in all things conformed, and, so far as the Court can judge, there doth not appear any Reason to question the Truth or Fulness of such Discovery: Now this is to certify, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at the Court of Bankruptcy and

Insolvency in Dublin, at a public Sitting held for the Allowance of this Certificate to the said Bankrupt (whereof and of the Purport whereof the Notice required in that Behalf was duly given), and having regard to the Conformity of the said Bankrupt to the Law of Bankruptcy, and to his Conduct as a Trader before as well as after his Bankruptcy, the Court did then and there find the said Bankrupt entitled to such Certificate, and did allow the same.

Given under the Seal of the Court, at the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

Signed and sealed in the Presence of

A.B. (l.s.)

Judge.

SCHEDULE (P.)

[In Insolvency.] To the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

Petition of Insolvency.

The humble Petition of late of in the C of previous

of formerly of

Showeth,

That your Petitioner is now a Prisoner for Debt in the in the of and is there detained

at the Suit of for the Sum of and

that your Petitioner was first arrested in the said Suit at in

the

State the recent Residences, Trades, See. very accurately; but it need not always be so for the Schedule.

If tho Prisoner was bailed or first committed

to another Prison and removed by Habeas corpus or otherwise, the Fact must be here stated.

If more

Detainers, make fresh Statement as to each according to

Facta.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

the of on the Day of

, One thousand eight hundred and fifty and was committed to

the said on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and fifty-

and that your Petitioner is willing that all h Real and Personal Estate and Effects shall be vested in the Official Assignees of the Court; your Petitioner therefore humbly prays your Honourable Court, that he may be discharged from Custody and nave future Liberty of h Person against the Demands for which h is now in Custody, and against the Demands of all other Persons who are or claim to be Creditors of your Petitioner, according to the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf.

And your Petitioner will ever pray, &c.

Subscribed by the said Prisoner on the Day of 185

in the Presence of

Form of Retainer and Acceptance to be endorsed on Petition of Insolvency.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

I of do hereby retain

Mr. of to act for me as my A ttorney in

the said Court, and I hereby declare that he is so employed by me at my Request.

Signed by me at on this Day of 185 .

Witness,

I of an Attorney duly admitted

to practise on behalf of Prisoners in actual Custody, do hereby accept the above Retainer.

Signed by me, this

Day of

185 .

Form of Prison Certificate.

Certificate of Governor of Gaol.

Plaintiff. 1 Committed to the Custody of the Governor of

>Gaol, by the High Sheriff of the C, under

Defendant. J and by virtue of a on the

Day of 185 .

Debt and Costs £

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Detainers.

I hereby certify, That the Defendant still

remains in Custody at this Date, under and by virtue of the above And I do hereby further certify, That there is no other Detainer against the said Defendant.

Signed by me, this Day of 185 .

Governor.

[In

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

[In Insolvency.]

In the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

In the Matter of committed to the Gaol

of in the C of on the Day of 185, at the Suit of

for the Sum of £

Instructions.  This Account is to begin at or before the Time when the earliest Debt in the Schedule was contracted by the Insolvent: if he has at any Time been bankrupt, or petitioned under an Insolvent Act, it must be stated whether any Debts due under such Bankruptcy or Insolvency are still unpaid. (See below.)

This my Account begins in or about* the Month of 18, the earliest Debt in

my Schedule (No. ) was contracted by me in the Tear 18 .

[Fill up the Blanks.]

General Balance Sheet.

Dates. Dr.

Capital at the Tijne aforesaid *, consisting of -

Aggregate Amount of Debts, as in Schedule Deduct, 1, those for which I have received no Consideration

2, in respect of Debts more than once entered

Amount of Debts contracted since the Time aforesaid for which I have received Consideration -Profits of Business in each Year: viz.

Here enter all Monies received by Annuities. Dividends, or otherwise, also all Property had by Purchase, Gift, Devise, Bequest, &c. since the Time aforesaid.

Value to be accounted for £

£ s.

d.

Dates.

Cr.

£ $. d.

Good Debts, as in Schedule Bad

Douhtfhl

Amount of Debts owing to me Bent for Tears, at £ a Year -Taxes for Tears, at £ Servants Wages for Tears, at £ -

Other Household Expenses for Years, at £

Special Expenses, Disbursements, and Losses: viz. Property mentioned in Schedule, pp. 6 and 7 Money m possession when I was taken into Custody Excepted Articles Difference between Values and Cost Price Deficienct -

The Cause of my present Insolvency is

If never bankrupt ] I was Bankrupt and Debts still unpaid

[or insolvent, '] write > arc about £ I petitioned this

" never." J Court and Debts still unpaid are about £

Signed in the Presence of Dated this

Day of 185

[In Insolvency.]

In the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

I, the said do declare, That this my Schedule doth contain

a full and fair Description of me, as to my Name or Names, Trade or Trades, Profession or Professions, together with my last usual Place of Abode, and the Place or Places where I have resided during the Time when my Debts were contracted, and also a full and true Description of all Debts due or growing due from me at the Time of filing my Petition, and of all and every Person and Persons to whom I am indebted, or who to my Knowledge or Belief claim to be my Creditors, together with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims respectively, distinguishing such as are admitted from such as are 6 B disputed

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

disputed by me, and also a full, true, and perfect Account of all my Estate and Effects, Real and Personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and also of all Places of Benefit or Advantage held by me, whether the Emoluments of the same arise from fixed Salaries or from Fees, or otherwise, and also of all Pensions or Allowances which I have in possession or reversion, or which are held by any other Person or Persons, for me or on my Behalf, or of and from which I derive or may derive any manner of Benefit or Advantage, and also of all Rights and Powers of any Nature and Kind whatsoever, which I am, or any other Person or Persons in trust for me, or for my Use, Benefit, or Advantage, are, in any Manner whatsoever, seised or possessed of, or interested in or entitled unto, or which I, or any other Person or Persons in trust for me or for my Benefit, have any Power to dispose of, charge, or exercise for my Benefit ot Advantage; together with a full, true, and perfect Account of all the Debts due or growing due at the Time of making the said Vesting Order to me or to any Person or Persons in trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, either solely or jointly with any other Person or Persons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due or growing due, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts, as far as I can set forth the same; and that this my Schedule doth also contain a Balance Sheet of so much of my Receipts and Expenditures, and of the Items composing the same, as is required by this Honourable Court in that Behalf; and doth fully and truly describe the Wearing Apparel, Bedding, and other such Necessaries of myself and my Family, and my working Tools and Implements, which are excepted by me from the Operation of the Statute, together with the Value of such excepted Articles respectively.

Excepted Articles and the Values thereof.

£ i.

Witness my Hand the Day of One thousand eight hundred

Signed in the Presence of

Balance Sheet of Receipts and Expenditures.

The Court requires

That this Account shall in no Case begin later than Four Calendar Months before the Prisoner's last Commitment to Custody.

That if he was before that Time arrested in any Suit which is still continued, it shall begin not later than the Time of such Arrest.

That if before those Periods, but since the Commencement of his Embarrassments, any Property has gone away from him by Sale, Assignment, Mortgage, Distress, Execution, or any Means other than the ordinary Course of Trade, the Account shall commence so as to include all such Transactions.

That the Blank in the Description of the Debtor's Side of the Account shall be filled with a Date early enough for Compliance with the above Directions.

That the specific Appropriation of each Sum received shall be separately shown, where the Case admits of it.

That the Date of each Item in the Account shall be given by stating the Day as well as the Year when the same can be ascertained.

That

That Money and other Property, which was in the Possession of the Prisoner or his Family or any other Person for his or their Benefit at the Time when he waa last taken into Custody, shall in all Cases be made a specific Item or Items in the Account.

Creditors.

No. Names and Descriptions of Creditors and Claimants, and their present or last Residences. Amount. When contracted. I Admitted | or disputed. Nature and Consideration of the Debt and Securities, if any; also if the Debt is disputed, the Reason thereof.

- £ s. d.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

Debtors.

No. Names, Description, and Places of Abode of Debtors. Amount When contracted. Good, bad, or doubtful Nature and Consideration of the Debt; also Securities, if any, for the same. Witnesses, with their Residences, and other Evidence, by which the Debt may be proved.

£ «. d.

N.B.  Where there are cross Demands, the Party most be entered both as Creditor and Debtor, and Set-off" most be written under the Amount

PROPERTY IN POSSESSION.

Real and Personal Estates and Effects which were in my Possession, Enjoyment, or Control, or which were held by any other Person or Persons in trust for my Use, or to the Possession or Enjoyment of which I was entitled at the Time of subscribing my Petition, and which are not excepted from the Operation of the Act.

Freehold and Leasehold Property with local Description, Names of Tenants and annual Rent of the same, and Statement of Incumbrances (if any) thereupon, with the Dates thereof.

a

Supposed

Value.

* . iL

Interest in Land.

Personal

Property.

Household Goods and Furniture Wearing Apparel ...

Jewels, Trinkets, and Ornaments of the Person Plate, Linen, and China -

Wines and other Liquors -

Pooks, Prints, and Pictures -

Horses, Cows, and other Animals Carriages -

Farming Stock and Implements of Husbandry Stock in Trade in my Business of Machinery and Utensils in my Business of Ships and Shares of Ships, viz.

Cash, Bilk, Promissory Notes, Bonds, and other Personal Property not before specified -

Supposed

Value.

«. d.

Property in the Funds, Annuities, Shares, &c.

Annuities, Money in the Public or other Funds, Shares in Canal and other Companies, showing in whose Names the same are standing; also when and by whom the last Dividend or other Payment was received in respect of the same

Unpaid

Legacies.

Legacies due, but unpaid; with all Particulars concerning the same -

Books.

Deeds.

Papers.

The following is a true List of all Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings relating to my Estate and Effects, or any Part thereof, which at the Time of my First Arrest above mentioned were or any Time since have been in my Possession or under my Custody or Control, or in the Possession or Custody of any Person in trust for me, or for my Use, Benefit, or Advantage.

Where under any Division the Prisoner has no Property, the Word " None " to be entered.

Fropkrty in Reversion, &c.  Places, Pensions, Rights, and Powers.

Interests in Land.

Personal

Property.

Property in the Funds, Annuities* Shares, &c.

Real and Personal .Estate and Effects in which I have any Interest in reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

Freehold and Leasehold Property, with Names and Descriptions of Persons now enjoying the same, and die annual Value thereof; also, the Nature of my Interests therein, and from whom and in what Manner it is derived -

Personal Property, with Names and Description of Persons now enjoying the same; also, the Nature of my Interest therein, and from whom and in what Manner it is derived -

Annuities, Money in the Public or other Funds, Shares in Canal and other Companies, showing in whose Names the same are standing, with Names and Description of Persons now enjoying the same; also, the Nature of my Interest therein, and from whom and in what Manner it is derived

Supposed Value of ray Interest if now to be sold.

8. (L

Places and Pensions in possession or reversion.

Places of Benefit or Advantage held by me, with the Salaries Feed, and Emoluments thereof; also, all Pensions and Allowances in possession or reversion held by me or by any other Person or Persons for me or on my Behalf, or of and from which I derive or may derive any Benefit or Advantage.

6 C

Rights and Powers.

Rights and Powers which I, or any other Person or Persons in trust for me, or for my Use, Benefit, or Advantage, am or are in any Manner seised or possessed of, or interested in or entitled unto, or which I or any other Person or Persons in trust for me, or for my Benefit, have any Power to dispose of, charge, or exercise for my Benefit or Advantage,

N.B.  Contingent as well as vested Interests must be entered.

I, do hereby swear that the Contents of this my Schedule

and of all and every Part thereof respectively, are true. So help me GOD.

Sworn in Court, at in the this

Day of

Indorsement.

Arrested Day of 185

Committed Day of 185

Petition filed Day of 185

Schedule filed Day of 185

To be heard Debts, £ Credits, £ Books, Papers, Deeds, &c. Day of 185

SCHEDULE (Q.)

[In Insolvency.]

Creditor's Petition and Affidavit

a)

To the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

The Petition of

[State 'the Trade or Profession of Petitioner; his present Residence (Street, Number, §*c.)]

Showeth,

That your Petitioner now at the Time of signing this Petition Creditor of

[State more fully than in the Affidavit (so far as is known) the Debtor's last Places of Residence, and where he resided while the Debt was contracted; also his Trades or Professions.] now a Prisoner in And that the said Prisoner was committed to

the said on the Day of 185, as appears by the

Gaoler's Copy of Causes hereunto annexed: And was

[Charged in Execution or for Contempt, §c. 8fc., as the Case may be.-\ at the Suit of your Petitioner on the, for the Sum of

Your Petitioner therefore humbly prays that the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of the said Prisoner may be vested in the Official Assignees according to the Provisions of the Statute.

And

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

And your Petitioner is desirous that the said Prisoner may be ordered to file a Schedule of his Property according to the Provisions of the said Act, and may thereupon be brought up to be dealt with according to the Provisions of the said Act.

Subscribed by the said Petitioner on the Day of 185

in the Presence of of

[Attorney's Address.]

Attorney for the said Petitioner.

(2.)

In the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency.

[In Insolvency.]

In the Matter of

[In this Place give safe Description as to Business and late Residence, for sake of Identity.] a Prisoner in

[Petitioner's Name, , fyc. c. SfcJ] maketh Oath and saith, that the said hath been for Twenty-one

Days last past in Custody

[State whether in Execution or for Contempt, $*c.] at the Suit of this Deponent, and is justly and truly indebted to this Deponent in the Sum of, besides Costs: And this Deponent

further states that there is Sum due from this Deponent to the said Prisoner, or fairly claimable by the said Prisoner from this Deponent, by setting off which the said Sum for which the said Prisoner is so in Custody at the Suit of this Deponent would be reduced  viz.

And this Deponent further saith that there is Charge, Lien, or Security

held

[Write " no " or state the Debt or Claim, as the Fact may bel\ by this Deponent, or any Person on his Behalf, against the Real or Personal Estate or Effects of the said Prisoner, independent of the Judgment [If it is a Decree or Order so state.] on which the said Prisoner is now in Custody at the Suit of this Deponent, viz.: 

And this Deponent further saith that he has availed himself of his Judg-

ment against the said Prisoner, otherwise than by Arrest of his Person, as follows:

[If any Property whatsoever has been seized in Execution, or an Order of a Judge has been obtained, the same must be distinctly stated, with Particulars of the Result: If no such Things have taken place, write " not," and erase the Words " as follows."]

And this Deponent further saith that the said Prisoner hath not in any Manner whatsoever made Satisfaction to this Deponent for the said Sum for which he so stands committed, nor for any Part thereof except

[Either erase the Word "except" or add "as aforesaid," or other Matter according to Fact]

And that the said Sum of is still justly and truly due to this

Deponent, whereupon this Deponent has instructed, his Attorney,

to proceed to this Court pursuant to the Statute in that Behalf.

[Note.  This Form is to be varied accordingly if the Affidavit be not made by the detaining Creditor.]

20" & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

SCHEDULE (It.)

[In Bankruptcy or in Insolvency.]

Search Warrant.

Day of A.D.

In the Matter of^ Whereas, by Evidence duly taken upon Oath it hath been A.B. of (made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Court of Bank-

a Bankrupt [or j ruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, that there is Reason to

Insolvent]. J Suspect and believe that Property of the said A.B. is concealed in the House [or other Place, describing it, as the Case may be'] of one C.D. of in the county of ; these are therefore to authorize and

require you, with necessary and proper Assistance, to enter, in the Daytime, into the said House [or other Place, describing it, as the Case maybe], situate as aforesaid, and there diligently to search for the said Property; and if any Property of the said Bankrupt [or Insolvent] shall be there found by you on such Search, that you seize the same, to be disposed of and dealt with according to the Provisions of the said Act.

Given under the Seal of the Court, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

A.B. (l.s.)

To my Judge.

Messenger, and his Assistants.

If there be Reason to suspect that the Bankrupt [or Insolvent] and his .Property are concealed, alter the Warrant accordingly.

SCHEDULE (S.)

[In Bankruptcy or Insolvency.] Order for Payment of a Debt.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin, Day of A.D.

In the Matter of a Bankrupt [or Insolvent]:

Whereas of in his Examination

taken Day of and signed and subscribed

by the said has admitted that he is indebted to the above-

named Bankrupt [or Insolvent] in the Sum of upon the Balance

of Accounts between the said and the said Bankrupt:

It is hereby ordered, that the said do pay the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of the said Bankrupt [or Insolvent], in full Discharge of the Sum so admitted, the Sum of forthwith

[or if otherioise, state the Time and Manner of Payment], and that the said do also pay to the said Assignees the Sum of for the Costs of and incident to the Summons

of the said in this Behalf.

C.D., Registrar. A.B, Judge.

If the Court shall not adjudge the Costs of and incident to the Summons to be paid by the Person summoned, or if the Court shall adjudge the Official Assignee to pay to the Person summoned his Costs out of the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt [or Insolvent], alter the Form accordingly.

SCHEDULE (T.)

[In Bankruptcy.]

Petition for Arrangement.

To the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland.

The Petition of Showeth,

That your Petitioner, being a Trader unable to meet his Engagements 'with his Creditors, and desirous of laying the State of his Affairs before them under the Superintendence and Control of this Honourable Court, and of submitting himself to the Jurisdiction thereof, petitions the Court under the Provisions of Ci The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857."

That the Inability of your Petitioner to meet his Engagements with his Creditors arises from

"Your Petitioner therefore prays that his Person and Property may be protected from all Process, and that such Proposal as he may be able

to make (or such Modification thereof as by Three Fifths in Number and Value of his Creditors may be determined) may be carried into effect, under the Superintendence and Control of this Honourable Court.

Signed by the Petitioner in the Presence of

Solicitor in the Matter of this Petition.

SCHEDULE (U.)

Certificate to Petitioning Trader.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin, Day of A.D.

Whereas of a Trader

unable to meet his Engagements with his Creditors, did, on the

Day of present his Petition to the Court, under

the Provisions of ce The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857/' praying that a certain Proposal, or such Modification thereof as by Three Fifths in Number and Value of his Creditors might be determined, should be carried into effect, under the Superintendence and Control of the said Court: And whereas the Court acting in the Matter of the said Petition, caused such Sittings of the Court to be held as are directed by the said Act: And whereas a certain Resolution or Agreement was duly assented to at such Sittings, which the Court thinking to be reasonable and proper to be executed under the Direction of the said Court, caused to be filed and entered of Record therein: And whereas the said Resolution or Agreement has been fully carried into effect, the Court doth certify the several Matters aforesaid this Day of 18 .

A.B. (l.s.)

Judge.

SCHEDULE (V.)

[In Bankruptcy or in Insolvency.] Warrant of Committal of Bankrupt, Insolvent, or other Party for unsatisfactory answering, or for refusing to sign his Examination.

And the said

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin. Whereas E.F., the said [or G.H of

in the County of ] was on the

Day of duly sworn and examined in this Court:

was again on the Day

6 D . of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland).

of duly sworn and examined in this Court, as by the Examination

and Deposition of the said noiw on the File of Proceedings

in this Matter will appear:

And whereas the Answers of the said as now so

appearing in said Examination and Deposition, are unsatisfactory [or the said

refused to sign and subscribe hissaidExamination

and Deposition!:

These are therefore to authorize and require you, immediately upon the Receipt hereof, to take into your Custody the said and him

safely convey to Her Majesty's Prison of and

him there to deliver to the Governor of the said Prison, who is hereby authorized and required to receive the said

into his Custody there, and him safely keep and detain, without Bail, until this Court or the Lord Chancellor shall make an Order to the contrary, and for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant

Given under the Seal of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, this Day of 18

J.K.,

To Judge.

Messenger, and his Assistants, and to

Governor of the said Prison, or his Deputy there.

SCHEDULE (W.)

Warrant for refusing to be sworn or to answer.

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin.

In the Matter ofv Whereas E.F. of or G.H. of

Bankrupt [or > being present in this Court on this Day of

Insolvent]. J was required to submit to be duly

sworn and examined, pursuant to the Statute but

the said then and there refused to be sworn [or refused

to answer the Questions put to him by the Court]:

These are therefore to authorize and require you to whom this Warrant is directed, immediately upon Receipt hereof to take into your Custody the said and him safely to convey to Her Majesty's Prison of and him there to deliver to the

Governor of the said Prison, who is hereby authorized and required to receive the said into his Custody there, and him safely keep and

detain, without Bail, until he shall submit himself to the Judges of Bankruptcy and Insolvency to be sworn, and full Answers make to their Satisfaction to such Questions as shall be propounded to him.

Given under the Seal of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, this Day of 18

J.K.,

To Judge.

Messenger, and his Assistants, and to

Governor of the said Prison, or to his Deputy there.

20° fc 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 60.

Bankruptcy and Insolvency [Ireland).

SCHEDULE (X.)

Warrant of Committal for disturbing or interrupting the Court

Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, Dublin.

In the Matter of] Whereas at a Sitting in this Matter duly holden in the said Bankrupt > Court on the Day of 18 ,

[or Insolvent.] J J.F., &c.

[or G.H., §*c.] was guilty of Riot [or of Disturbance, or did interrupt the said Court in the Exercise of its Duty]:

These are therefore to. authorize and require you to whom this Warrant is directed, immediately upon the Receipt thereof to take into your Custody the said - and him safely convey to Her Majesty's Prison of

and him there to deliver to the Governor of the said Prison, who is hereby authorized and required to receive the said into his Custody, and him safely keep and detain until farther Order.

Given under the Seal of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, this Day of 18

J.K.,

To Judge.

Messenger, and his Assistants, and to

Governor of the said Prison, or his Deputy there.

SCHEDULE (Y.)

[In Bankruptcy or in Insolvency.] Warrant against Persons disobeying any Rule or Order of Court Whereas by an Order of this Court, bearing Date the Day of

it was ordered, that [$& $*(%, as in the Order; ]

And whereas it is now proved, that after the making of the said Order, that is to say, on this Day of

a Copy of the said Order was' duly served on the said

personally; but the said hath not as

yet obeyed the said Order:

These are therefore to will, require, and authorize you, immediately upon Receipt hereof, to take into your Custody the Body of the said A.B., and him safely to convey to Her Majesty's Gaol [or Prison] of

[or called ], and him there to deliver to the Keeper of the said Prison, together with this Precept; and the Keeper of the said Prison is hereby required and authorized to receive the said A.B. into his Custody, and him safely to keep and detain, without Bail or Mainprise, until this Court or the Lord Chancellor shall make an Order to the contrary, and for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Given under the Seal of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency this

Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

A.B. (l.s.) Judge.

To my Messenger, or his Assistant, and to the

Keeper of Her Majesty's Prison [or Gaol] of [or called ], or his Deputy there.

SCHEDULE (Z.)

Document

Stamp Duty in lieu of Fees.

Every Petition for Adjudication of Bankruptcy, or for Arrangement between any Debtor and his Creditors Every Summons of Trader Debtor -

Every Copy of such Summons -

Every other Summons -

Every Copy of such Summons -

Every Requisition for a Sitting of the Court in Bankruptcy for any of the following Purposes, that is to say, Adjudication, Choice of Assignees, Proof of Debts, Final Examination, Audit, Dividend, Examination of Witnesses, to proceed on Summons against Trader Debtor, and every Requisition for a Sitting of the Court or Meeting, pursuant to the Statute, under a Petition for Arrangement, or to proceed on any Special Case, or for the Sale or Disposition of any mortgaged Property -

Every Order of the Court for the Payment to the Assignees of any Debt or Demand over <£10, or the Delivery to the Assignees of any Goods or Chattels of the Value of £10 or upwards -

Every Copy of such Order -

Every Allocatur by any Officer of the Court for any Costs, Charges, or Disbursements, where such Bill of Costs shall not exceed £5 -

Exceeding £5 and not exceeding £10

10, 20

, 30

, 50

, 100

Every Warrant Every Search

20

30

50

100

£ t. d.

1 0 0

0 5 0

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 0 6

1 0 0

0 4 0 0 1 0

0 1 6 0 2 6 0 5 0

0 7 6 0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0 0 5 0

0 1 0

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs and Excise.

[25th August 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supply granted to Your Majesty, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs and Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b}r the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In lieu of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on the several Grant of Articles mentioned in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed Custom^and imported into Great Britain and Ireland, and in lieu of the Duties of Excise in Excise now chargeable on Sugar made in the United Kingdom and j

described in the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed, there shall annexed, be charged, collected, and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, until the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive, upon the several Articles,

Drawback on Sugar allowed as in Sched. (C.)

Duties to be under the Management of Commissioners of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

Customs and Excise.

Goods, and Commodities mentioned and described in the said several Schedules respectively, the several Rates and Duties of Customs and Excise respectively specified in the same Schedules.

II. There shall be allowed on the Exportation to Foreign Parts, or on the Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, of the several Descriptions of Refined Sugar mentioned in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, until the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive, the Drawbacks specified In the said last-mentioned Schedule, and the said Drawbacks shall be allowed and paid under the Provisions and Regulations of the Acts relating to Her Majesty's Customs.

III. The Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, and contained in the said Schedule (A.), shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, and the Duties of Excise imposed by this Act, and contained in the said Schedule (B.), shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; and the said Duties of Customs and Excise respectively shall be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied or appropriated under the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively.

IV. This Act shall come into operation on the Day of the passing thereof, and in citing it in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Customs and Excise Duties Act, 1857."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act; (that is

to say,)

Sugar; viz. £

Candy, Brown or White Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality thereto - the Cwt. 0 18 4

White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined - the Cwt. 0 16 0

Sugar  continued. s. d.

Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed and not equal to White Clayed - - the Cwt. 0 13 10

Brown Muscovado, or any other Sugar not being equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown

Clayed Sugar Molasses

Cherries, dried -Comfits, dry -Confectionery Ginger, preserved Marmalade -

Plums preserved in Sugar Succades, including all Fruits and Vegetables preserved in Sugar not otherwise enumerated

the Cwt. the Cwt.

0 12 0 5

Tea

8

0

- > the Pound 0 0 2

the Pound 0 1 5

SCHEDULE (B.)

Containing the Duties of Excise imposed by this Act on Sugar made in the United Kingdom; (that is to say,)

Sugar; viz. £ s. d.

Candy, Brown or White Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality thereto,

the Cwt. 0 18 4 White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined - the Cwt. 0 16 0 Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed ... the Cwt. 0 13 10 Brown Muscovado, or any other Sugar not being equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown.

Clayed Sugar - - the Cwt. 0 12 8

Molasses - the Cwt. 0 5 0

SGHE-

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Drawbacks allowed by this Act; (that is to say,)

£ s. d.

Upon Refined Sugar in Loaf complete or whole, or Lumps duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout, or Sugar Candy, or Sugar refined by the Centrifugal Machine or by any other Process, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard No. 3. approved of by the Lords of the Treasury - . - - for every Cwt. 0 17 2

Upon such Refined Sugar already described, if pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters,

for every Cwt. 0 17 2 Upon Refined Sugar, unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 1. approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than Five per Centum Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove,

for every Cwt. 0 16 4 Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in . any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample No. 2. approved by the Lords of the Treasury - for every Cwt. 0 15 1

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar being inferior in Quality to the said Export Standard Sample No. 2.,

for every Cwt. 0 12 8

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGIN

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the Alteration and Amendment of the Laws and Duties of Customs

[25th August 1857.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Duties of Customs chargeable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise next herein-after mentioned, imported into Great Britain and Ireland, shall cease and determine; that is to say, Oxymuriate of Tin.

II. And in lieu of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on the Articles next herein-after mentioned, imported into Great Britain and Ireland, the following Duties of Customs shall be charged; that is to say, on £ d.

Hats of Felt ---- each 006

Lucifers, Vesta, of Wax - - the 1,000 Matches 0 0 0

Plums, commonly called French Plums, and

Prunelloes ---- the Cwt. 070

Plums, dried or preserved (except in Sugar), not otherwise described - - the Cwt. 0 7 0

6 F III. That

Dudes on " Oxymuriate of Tin " to cease. t

Now Dudes on Ardcles herein enumerated. "

New Duties on Rice.

New Duties on Ships broken up or to be broken up.

Repeal of Section 10. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 107.

Proviso for

Continuance

of existing

Warehouses

for Tobacco

already

warehoused.

Tobacco

already

warehoused

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 62.

Customs.

III. That in lien of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on Rice imported into Great Britain and Ireland the following Duties of Customs be levied and collected; that is to say,

Rice not rough nor in the Husk, and Rice Dust for

feeding Cattle - - the Cwt. 0 0 4£

---- rough and in. the Husk - the Quarter. 0_ .0 9

Meal not otherwise enumerated or described, the Cwt. 0 0 4

IV. And in hen of the Duties of Customs now chargeable in Great Britain and Ireland on Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails), broken up or to be broken up, the following Duties shall be chargeji; that is to say,

British-built. Ships, with their Tickle, Apparel, and £ s. d. Furniture 

Wrecked, broken up or to be broken up - Free.

Foreign-built Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture 

Broken up or sold to be broken up, or abandoned by the Owners, or sold as Wreck, whether afterwards recovered or repaired, or not,

for every 100A Value 5 0 0

V. So much of the Tenth -Section of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," as authorizes the Commissioners of Customs "to provide " Warehouses for the warehousing of Tobacco at the Ports into " which Tobacco may be legally imported, and to charge the Importer or Proprietor of such Tobacco for every Package of " Tobacco so warehoused any such Sum Or Sums for Warehouse " Rent as they may see fit, not exceeding what is now payable, "

shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. Provided always, That any Tobacco Warehouses which at th§ passing of this Act shall have been provided by the said Commissioners shall and may be continued so long as the said Commissioners may deem necessary for the warehousing of Tobacco therein, on the Terms and Conditions applicable thereto at the Time of the passing of this Act, or on such other Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners may see fit, or until other Warehouses are provided of approved in lieu thereof for that Purpose; and on such other Warehouses being provided or approved as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and may cause such Tobacco to be removed to the same accordingly.

VII. All Tobacco already warehoused in any such Warehouses, upon the Terms and Conditions in force at the Date of the passing of

this

this Act, shall and may remain or be so warehoused in the same or to remain on such other Warehouses as the said Commissioners shall provide or ^LtingTt approve as aforesaid in lieu thereof at the same Port until the Expira- the passing tion of Five Years from the Date of the last preceding warehousing this *A-Ct-or re-warehousing of the same, as the Case may be, unless sooner cleared from such Warehouse, either for Home Use, Removal to any other Port, or Exportation.

VIII. Any Warehouse in Great Britain already provided by the Power to said Commissioners for the warehousing of Tobacco shall and may be Tobacco of at any Time after the passing of this Act approved for the ware- Warehouses housing of such Goods as the said Commissioners may see fit, and in general the meantime such Warehouses, or such Part thereof as the said Commissioners may see fit, shall remain approved for the warehousing

-of Tobacco only.

IX. If any Warehouse is at the Time of the passing of this Act Power to vested in the said Commissioners of Customs or their Secretary,

J bacco Ware-

or any other Person in trust for them, under any Lease, Agreement, houses for or other Instrument, the said Commissioners may, with the Sanction any Pur' of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, hold the same during P°8eS' the Continuance of such Lease, Agreement, or other Instrument, as approved Warehouses for the Reception and Deposit therein of Tobacco or other Goods duly entered to be warehoused, or for such other Purposes as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall direct; and all Sums received by the said Commissioners of Customs, either as Rent for the said Premises or as Charges in respect of Goods deposited therein or otherwise, shall be brought to account as Monies not Duties.

X. And the said Commissioners of Customs shall and may enter Power to

into such Agreements with the Owners of any such Warehouses or nter into other Persons willing to take the same for the Surrender or Disposal Owners thereof, upon such Terms and Conditions as they may see fit, of Tobacco, subject to the Sanction and Approval of the said Commissioners of for their the Treasury. surrender.

XI. So long as any Tobacco warehoused at the Date of the passing Power to of this Act shall not have been cleared as herein-before provided, ST*"*6 With

r # 7 Warehouse

the said Commissioners shall and may, if they see fit, enter into Keeper of Arrangements with the Warehouse Keeper or Occupier of any Ware- war^ouaes house so surrendered or disposed of, or with the Warehouse Keeper or surrendered Occupier of any other Warehouse, for the Deposit of such Tobacco until cleared as aforesaid, and shall and may pay such Rent or Keeper, for Charges for the warehousing thereof as may be agreed upon by the Deport of

said

warehoused Tobacco until cleared.

Provision for warehousing future Importations of Tobacco.

Tobacco abandoned by Importer as not worth the Duty to be destroyed.

Defendants in Customs Cases not to give Evidence.

Customs Acts to extend and apply to British Possessions abroad, except where otherwise expressly provided for in the said Acts, or by any Colonial Act.

Customs.

said Commissioners with such Warehouse Keeper or Occupier in respect of the Tobacco so deposited, the said Commissioners charging only to the Importer or Proprietor of such Tobacco such Sum or Sums of Money for Warehouse Rent as they may see fit, not exceeding what is payable at the Time of the passing of this Act, or the said Commissioners permitting such Warehouse Keeper or Occupier to receive such last-mentioned Sum or Sums shall and may pay to such Warehouse Keeper or Occupier the Difference between such Sum or Sums and the Rent or Charges so agreed upon as aforesaid.

XII. After the passing of this Act all Tobacco imported into any Port in the United Kingdom where Tobacco may be legally imported and warehoused, and which may be duly entered to be warehoused there, shall and may be deposited in any Warehouse for the Time being approved by the said Commissioners for the warehousing of Tobacco, on such Conditions and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and under and subject in all other respects to the Laws, Rules, and Regulations which are or may hereafter be in force relating to the Importation, Entry, warehousing, Removal, or Exportation of Goods liable to Duties of Customs on Importation.

XIII. All Tobacco abandoned by the Importer or Proprietor as not worth the Duty shall be destroyed, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Customs shall direct, at the Cost and Charges of such Importer or Proprietor.

XIV. The several Acts which declare and make competent and compellable a Defendant to give Evidence in any Suit or Proceeding to which he may be a Party shall not be deemed to extend or apply to Defendants in any Suit or Proceeding instituted under any Act relating to the Customs.

XV. Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the several Sections of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," other than those containing particular Provisions relating thereto, as also " The Supplemental Customs Consolidation Act, 1855," are applicable to the British Possessions abroad: Be it enacted, That the said recited Acts and the several Clauses therein and in this Act contained shall and the same are hereby declared to extend to and be of full Force and Effect in the several British Possessions abroad, except where otherwise expressly provided for by the said Acts, or limited by express Reference to the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands, and except also as to any such Possession as shall by Local Act or Ordinance have provided, or may hereafter, with the Sanction and Approbation

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 62.

Customs.

of Her Majesty and Her Successors, make entire Provision for the Management and Regulation of the Customs Trade and Navigation of any such Possession, or make in like Manner express Provisions in lieu or variation of any of the Clauses of the said Act for the Purposes of such Possession.

XVI. The Owner or Consignee of any Bullion or Coin imported Account of into Great Britain or Ireland shall, within Ten Days after the Landing thereof, deliver to the Collector or other proper Officer of Customs delivered to a full and true Account of such Bullion or Coin, and if such Account Q^cger8of shall not be so delivered every such Importer, Consignee, or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; provided always, that this Penalty shall not be levied in respect of small Parcels of Bullion or Coin imported as a Part of the Baggage of Passengers.

XVII. So much of the " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," as repeals Sections Nine, Ten, Eleven, and Twelve of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and the said Sections shall be deemed and considered not to have been repealed by the said Customs Consolidation Act.

XVIII. Section Nineteen of "The Supplemental Customs Consolidation Act, 1855," is hereby repealed.

So much of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 106. as repeals Sects. 9, 10, 11, and 12. of 8 &

9 Vict. c. 90. repealed, and such Sections deemed not repealed* Sect 19. of 18 & 19 Vict c. 96. repealed.

XIX. No Spirits (except Rum of the British Plantations) shall be As to im-imported into or exported from the Channel Islands or any of them, exportingnd or be removed from any one to any other of the said Islands, or be Spirits from carried Coastwise from any one Part to any other Part of any one of the said Islands, or shall be shipped in order to be so removed Islands in or carried in any Ship other than of the Burden of Fifty Tons or Xonsfand50 upwards, or in any Cask or other Vessel capable of containing upwards, and Liquids not being of the Size or Content of Twenty Gallons at the least; and all Spirits imported, exported, removed, carried, shipped, or water-borne to be so shipped, removed, or carried, contrary hereto, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship, and any Boat importing, exporting, removing, or carrying the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Spirits Spirits in imported in any such Ship in Glass Bottles as Part of the Cargo, nor t°t* to any Spirits being really intended for the Consumption of the stores, nor Seamen and Passengers of such Ship during their Voyage, and not to^cert«n^ being more in Quantity than is necessary for that Purpose, nor to Goods ex-any warehoused Goods exported from the United Kingdom in Ships ported; of not less than Forty Tons Burden, being regular Traders to those Islands, nor to any Boat of less Burden than Ten Tons for having on "or to K-

6 G bowd "*4 B°" '

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 62.

Customs.

of 10 Tons board at any one Time any Foreign Spirits of the Quantity of Ten SSKF 0*lk"3 or under, such Boat having a Licence from the proper

Sark. Officer of Customs at either of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey

for the Purpose of being employed in carrying Commodities for the Supply of the Island of Sark, which Licence such Officer is hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward; but if any such Boat shall have on board at any one Time any greater Quantity of Spirits than Ten Gallons, unless in Casks or Packages of the Size and Content of Twenty Gallons at the least, such Spirits and Boat shall be forfeited.

Interprets- XX. When any of the Terms mentioned in the Three hundred Termf and fifty-seventh Section of "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," are used in this or any other Act relating to the Customs, the Terms so used shall have the same Interpretation and Meaning as are given to them in the said Section; and the Term " BiritfisA-built Ships " shall be deemed to mean and include any Ship built in Her Majesty's Dominions.

Act to be XXI. This Act shall be registered in the Royal Courts of the R^aJxSonrts ^an^s Guernsey and Jersey respectively, and the said Royal of Guernsey Courts respectively shall have full Power and Authority and are and Jersey. hereby required to register the same.

Confirmation of certain Purchases of Land in Belfast for Erection of a Custom House, &c«

XXII. Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs to acquire certain Lands and Houses in the Borough of Belfast, for the Purpose of erecting a Custom House and other Offices and Buildings required for the Public Service in the said Borough, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs were authorized and empowered to purchase certain Lands and Premises in the Borough of Belfast for the Purpose of erecting a Custom House and other public Buildings, and for improving the Streets and Approaches thereto: And whereas it was agreed between the Corporation of Belfast and the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, that such of the said Purchases as were necessary for the Improvement of the public Streets should be made and paid for by and at the Expense of the said Corporation: And whereas the said, Corporation, by their Agent and Solicitor, entered into Contracts for that Purpose to the Extent of Ten thousand Pounds or thereabouts, in the Names of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, with Adam John Macrory and others, and did provide and pay to the said Adam John Macrory the Sum of Three thousand and twenty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Fourpence:

And

Customs.

And whereas Circumstances having arisen by which the said Corporation found it impracticable to complete the said Purchases, without the Aid of the said Commissioners of Customs, it was proposed and agreed, that the said Purchases should be completed by the said Commissioners, and that they should provide for and pay the Balance of the Purchase Monies above and beyond the said Sum paid to the said Adam John Macr, and the several Purchases have been made and concluded accordingly by the said Commissioners of Customs; and it is intended that the Site of the Lands and Premises so purchased shall be laid out for the Improvement of the Streets and Approaches to the said Custom House, in accordance with the said recited Act, and that, subject thereto, the same shall be sold for Building Purposes; and that in the event of the Proceeds of such Sale realizing more than sufficient to repay the said Commissioners the Purchase Monies and Expenses incident to the Purchases so made by them, it has been agreed that the said Commissioners shall and may pay over any Balance of such Proceeds which may remain in their Hands to the said Corporation, for and towards the Purchase Monies advanced and paid by the said Corporation to the said Adam John Macrory: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Purchases made by the said Corporation and the said Commissioners of Customs respectively, and the Payment of the Purchase Monies respectively made by them, and the said recited Agreements and Arrangements for the Re-sale thereof by the said Commissioners of Customs, and the Application of the Proceeds thereof, should be confirmed by Parliament: Be it therefore enacted, That the same be and they are hereby confirmed accordingly.

XXIII. This Act shall come into operation on the Day of the Commence-passing of this Act, except where otherwise herein mentioned; and in ment of Act. citing it in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Customs Amendment Short Title, Act, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Magistrates and Town Council of Dunbar, for the Purpose of improving the Victoria Harbour of Dunbar.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer 57 g.3. c. 34. Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas another Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize for a further Period 19 & 20 Vict. the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying c- U. on Public Works and Fisheries, and for the Employment of the Poor, and which said Act recites the aforesaid Act and several other Acts which had been passed, making Provisions for and regulating Loans and Advances to be made by the Commissioners therein mentioned or appointed in pursuance thereof, who are commonly called and herein-after referred to as the Public Works Loan Commissioners:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her said present Majesty, intituled An Act for 11 & 12 Vict. the Amendment and Continuation of the Burgh Customs and Water c>cxxii* Shore and Harbour Rates of the Burgh of Dunbar, and for other Purposes connected with the said Burgh, and the Supply of Water to the same and the Harbour thereof, whereby it was, amongst 6 H other

Power to Treasury to charge the Consolidated Fund, and direct the Issue thereout of 20,000l.

Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance the same.

Power for Harbour Trustees to borrow Money of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 63.

Dunbar Harbour Loan.

other Things, enacted that the Magistrates and Town Council of Dunbar, as Trustees for putting into execution the Purposes of that Act, should levy and take, in respect of the Articles mentioned in the Schedule A. annexed to the said Act, the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned, and also should levy and take the Duties mentioned in Schedule B. to the said Act, and the other Rates, Duties, and Assessments therein mentioned; and it was by the said Act declared that the said Trustees should have full Powers by an Act of Town Council to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds for the Purposes of the Harbours, Markets, and other Works, exclusive of the Supply of Water, and to Gonvey, assign, and make over the respective Rates, Duties, and Assessments thereby granted, or such Parts thereof as they should think proper, as a Security to any Person or Persons who should advance any Sum of Money thereon: And whereas an Application has been made to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners by the Magistrates and Town Council of Dunbar, as such Trustees as aforesaid, for the Loan of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds in aid of the Expense of repairing the Sea Wall and extending the Accommodation of the Victoria Harbour, which has been constructed upon the Property of the said Burgh, near to the old Harbour thereof, and it is deemed expedient to make an Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Purpose of such Loan: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. For the Purpose of such Loan it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to direct the Issue' out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Twenty thousand Pounds, such Sum or Sums to be placed to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Account intituled " The Commissioners for the " Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Public Works " Loan Fund," and to be applied by the said Public Works Loan Commissioners for the said Loan.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance and lend to the said Trustees of the said last-recited Act any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Twenty thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, upon such Security as is after mentioned.

III. It shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by an Act of the Town Council of Dunbar, to borrow of the said Public Works Loan Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the

491

Dunbar Harbour Loan.

whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, in addition to the said ll'c Public Sum of Five thousand Pounds by the said last-recited Act authorized Cora mis-to be borrowed, and by Instrument in Writing, in such Form as the sioners. said Public Works Loan Commissioners may direct, to convey and assign by way of Mortgage, for the Purpose of securing any Monies to be so borrowed and the Interest thereof, as well the respective Rates and Duties by the said Act granted and leviable for or in respect of the said Victoria Harbour, as all Teind Duty for or in respect of Herrings, Lobsters, and other Fish to which the said Magistrates and Council are now in anywise entitled in respect of the said Victoria Harbour and the said old Harbour, or either of them, or otherwise howsoever, and also all Monies to accrue from the granting of Licences in lieu of any Teind Duty in pursuance of the Powers-in the said last-recited Act contained, such Mortgage to be made to the Secretary for the Time being of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or as they shall direct; and in any Mortgage so to be made there shall be contained a Reservation to the said Magistrates in Council out of the said Rates, Duties, and other the Premises to be included in such Mortgage annually One Fourth Part of the said Teinds or Licence Money in lieu of Teinds, provided such One Fourth Part do not exceed in Amount in any Year the Sum of One hundred Pounds, but if such One Fourth Part shall in any Year exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds then the Sum of One hundred Pounds only in lieu of such One Fourth Part to be by them applied for the Maintenance, Improvement, and Repairs of the old Harbour of the said Burgh: Provided always, that no Advance shall be made to the said Trustees upon the Security hereby authorized so long as the Rates, Duties, and Teinds to be comprised in such Security shall be subject to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money previously advanced on the Security thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, giving Priority to the Security to be made under this Act over the Security of such Person or Person's so consenting.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Power for Treasury from Time to Time and at all Times, so long as any Principal Monies shall remain unpaid in respect of any Mortgage to diminish be made to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners as aforesaid, j^to ^c'r_

to authorize and require the said Magistrates and Town Council to cise Powers alter, vary, increase, or diminish the Rates, Duties, and Teinds com- ')^t'|)J^ower prised in such Mortgage, whether leviable under the said Act or thereto. otherwise (not exceeding the maximum Amount of Rates, Duties, and Teinds leviable under the said Act or otherwise): Provided, that such Rates, Duties, and Teinds be not diminished to such an Extent

as to be insufficient to raise the said Sura of One hundred Pounds per Annum to be paid to the said Trustees as aforesaid, and to direct how and which of the said Rates, Duties, and Teinds shall be

collected

Accounts to be kept.

Powers* &c. of Public Works Loan Acts to have the same Force as if re-enacted in this Act.

[Short Title.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 63.

Dunbar Harbour.

collected and received, and also for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, when and as they may deem it expedient so to do, to exercise all the Powers, Rights, and Privileges now vested in the said Magistrates and Council in relation to or affecting the said Rates, Duties, and Teinds to be comprised in any such Mortgage or any of them.

V. From Time to Time and at all Times, so long as any Principal Monies shall remain unpaid in respect of any Mortgage to be made by the said Public Works Loan Commissioners as aforesaid, fair and regular Accounts shall be kept by the said Trustees of all Monies received or paid in respect of the Rates, Duties, and Premises comprised in any such Mortgage, and of the Intromissions of the said Trustees, and shall be balanced to the Thirty-first Day of October annually, and within One Calendar Month thereafter Copies of such Accounts, signed by the Provost, Treasurer, and Town Clerk of the said Burgh, shall be forwarded to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the said Trustees shall from Time to Tijne, when and as the last-mentioned Commissioners shall require, produce the Documents and Vouchers instructing the same, as the said Commissioners shall direct.

VI. All and every the several Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, Priorities, Advantages, and Penalties, contained in all or any of the Acts relating to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, and in all other Acts of Parliament whatsoever relating to the said Commissioners, and recited or referred to in the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, shall, so far as the same can be made applicable and are not varied by this Act, be taken to extend to this Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, and to the Securities to be given in pursuance thereof, and as if such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, Priorities, Advantages, and Penalties, were herein repeated and set forth and made applicable to the Securities to be given in pursuance of this Act, and every other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act.

VII. In reciting this Act for any Purpose whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Dunbar Harbour Loan Act, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for raising a Sum of Money for building and improving Stations of the Metropolitan Police, and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it has become necessary to build new Stations %/m/ and to improve the existing Stations for the Metropolitan " " Police, and as the Expense of such building and Improvement will exceed the Amount which can be defrayed out of the annual Receipts applicable to the Purposes of the Metropolitan Police, it is expedient that, towards defraying such Expense, a Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds should be raised as herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

I. It shall be lawful for the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police P<?wef, to

/ # raise the

District, by the Direction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries Sum of of State, to borrow and take up at Interest on the Rates raised for the 6°»°oot Purposes of the Police within the Metropolitan Police District any th^Polke Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Rates of the Pounds, and for the Purpose of securing any Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest, such Receiver may mortgage and assign over, to the District.

61 Person

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 64.

Metropolitan Police fyc.

No Priority

amongst

Mortgagees.

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners, acting under

14 & 15 Vict c. 23., to make Advances.

Form of Mortgage.

Register of Mortgages.

Repayment of Money borrowed at a Time agreed upon.

Interest on Mortgages to be paid half-yearly.

As to Repayment of Money bor-

Person or Persons by or on behalf of whom such Sum or Sums are advanced, the said Rates; and the respective Mortgagees (if more than One) shall be entitled to a Proportion of the Rates comprised in their respective Mortgages according to the Sums in such Mortgages mentioned to have been advanced; and each Mortgagee shall be entitled to be repaid the Sum so advanced by him, with Interest, without any Preference over any other Mortgagee by reason of any Priority of Advance, or the Date of his Mortgage.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three* " to authorise " for a further Period the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated " Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and " Fisheries and Employment of the Poor," and any Act or Acts for amending or continuing the same, to make Advances to the said Receiver upon the Security of the said Rates, and without requiring any further or other Security than a Mortgage of such Rates.

III. Every Mortgage authorized to be made under this Act shall be by Deed duly stamped, truly stating the Date, Consideration, and the Time of Payment, and may be made according to the Form (A.) contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, or with such Variations or Additions in each Case as the said Receiver and the Party advancing the Money intended to be thereby secured may agree to; and there shall be kept by the said Receiver a Register of the Mortgages made under this Act, and within Fourteen Days after the Date of any Mortgage an Entfy shall be made in the Register of the Number and Date thereof, and of the Names and Descriptions of the Parties thereto, as stated in the Deed.

IV. A Time or Times may be fixed by any such Deed for the Repayment of all or any Principal Monies secured thereby, and the Payment of the Interest thereof respectively; and such Monies, with Interest, may be made repayable by Instalments or otherwise, as they may think fit; and at the Time or Times so fixed for Payment thereof such Principal Monies and Interest respectively shall, on Demand, be paid to the Party entitled to receive the same accordingly; and if no other Place of Payment be inserted in the Mortgage Deed, the Principal and Interest shall be payable at the Chief Office of the said Commissioners, and, unless otherwise provided by any Mortgage, the Interest of the Money borrowed thereupon shall be paid half-yearly; and if no Time be fixed in the Mortgage Deed for the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, the Party entitled to

receive

__________-Metropolitan Police Stations, , fyc. c.

receive such Money may, at* the Expiration or at any Time after the rowed when Expiration of Twelve Months from the Date of such Deed, demand Payment of the Principal Money thereby secured, with all Arrears of upon. Interest, upon giving Six Months previous Notice for that Purpose to the said Receiver personally, or by leaving the same at the said Office; and in the like Case the said Receiver may at any Time pay off the Money borrowed, on giving the like Notice, which Notice may be given to such Mortgagee personally, or left at his Place of Residence; or if such Mortgagee or his Residence be unknown to

them, or cannot be found after1 diligent Inquiry, such Notice shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette; and if the Interest to said Receiver have given Notice of his Intention to pay off any such ^mion tf*" Mortgage at a Time when the same may lawfully be paid off by him, Notice to

then, at the Expiration of such Notice, all further Interest shall cease Mortgage to be payable thereon, unless, on Demand of Payment made pursuant Debt.

to such Notice, or at any Time thereafter, the Receiver fail to pay the Principal and Interest due, at the Expiration of such Notice, on such Mortgage.

V. It shall be lawful for the said Receiver to raise and borrow the Power to Monies necessary for paying off any Security granted under this Act, to

and to pay off the same; and the Monies borrowed for the Purpose existing of such Payment shall be secured and repaid in like Manner as Secuntiei' Monies borrowed in the first instance under this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the paying off of any Security otherwise than in accordance with the Provisions thereof.

VI. Any Mortgagee or other Person entitled to any Mortgage Transfer of under this Act may transfer his Estate and Interest therein to any other Person by Deed duly stamped, truly stating its Date, the Names and Descriptions of the Parties thereto, and the Consideration for the Transfer; and such Transfer may be according to the Form contained in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and Register of there shall be kept by the said Receiver a Register of such Transfers, Tran8ferB-and within Thirty Days after the Date of any such Deed of Transfer, if executed within the United Kingdom, or within Thirty Days after its Arrival in the United Kingdom if executed elsewhere, the same shall be produced to the said Receiver, and the said Receiver shall make or cause to be made an Entry in such Register of its Date, and of the Names and Description of the Parties thereto, as stated in the Transfer; and upon any Transfer being so registered the Transferee,

his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to the full Benefit Of the original Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest secured thereby; and every such Transferee may in like Manner

transfer

Money advanced to be paid into the JBank to the Credit of the Receiver's Account.

Monies borrowed under this Act to be a First Charge on the Police Rate.

As to Payment of Monies borrowed.

3 & 4 W.4, c. 89. s 2.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47. s. 3.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 64;

Metropolitan Police, <£c.

transfer his Estate and Interest in such Mortgage; and no Person, except the Person to whom the same has been last transferred, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to release or discharge any such Mortgage, or any Money secured thereby.

VII. All Monies borrowed under this Act shall be paid by the Persons advancing the same into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the Accounts of the said Receiver kept at the said Bank under the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-four, and the Monies so paid shall be drawn out in manner provided by the said Act, and shall be applied, under the Directions of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in defraying the Expenses of Works for improving the Cells in the Stations of the Metropolitan Police.

VIII. The Monies secured by the Mortgages made under this Act shall be a First Charge upon the Sums and Rates which the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is authorized to require to be paid or to levy or cause to be levied, in the Metropolitan Police District, under the said. Act of King George the Fourth, and an Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven; and the said Receiver shall make Provision out of the Sums from Time to Time paid to his Account for Payment of all Monies from Time to Time becoming payable under this Act, for discharging the Monies borrowed under the same, in priority to all other Payments requiring to be made out of the said Sums.

IX. The Monies borrowed under this Act, with all Interest for the same, shall be wholly repaid and discharged within Thirty Years from the Time of the passing of this Act

X. And whereas an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Yearn of King William the Fourth (Chapter Eighty-nine) ," to authorize the Issue of a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated' Fund towards the Support of the Metropolitan " Police," and by Section Two of the said Act such Issue was limited not to exceed Sixty thousand Pounds in any one Year: And whereas by an Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven," for further " improving the Police in and near the Metropolis," Provision was made for further Additions to the Metropolitan Police District, and in the Case of every Addition to such District after the passing of that Act the Commissioners of the Treasury were by Section Three authorized to direct the Issue out of the Consolidated Fund of an additional yearly Sum not greater in each Case than the Amount of

Twopence

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 64.

Metropolitan Police, #c.

Twopence in the Found upon the additional Rental assessed to the

Metropolitan Police by reason of such Addition: And whereas, by

an Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth

Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, the Sums which- were

payable out of the Consolidated Fund under the eaid recited Acts

are made payable out of such Aids and Supplies as may be from Time to Time provided and appropriated by Parliament for the

Purpose: And whereas the Sums which the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are authorized to cause to be issued under the said Acts, subject to the Limitation of Amount contained in the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, are,

together with the Amount authorized to be raised by means of Rates

in the Metropolitan Police District, insufficient to defray the Expense

of maintaining the Police of the Metropolis:

Section Two of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Section 2. of

King William the Fourth shall be repealed, as from the Thirty-first gg4^'.4 *

Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, pealed, but

but the Sums which the Commissioners of -Her Majesty's Treasury

shall cause to be issued under and subject to the Conditions of the the Two

said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Enactments . ° not to exceed

Fourth, and Section Three of the said Act of the Second and Third 2d. in the

Years of Her Majesty, as amended by the said Act of the Seven-

teenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, shall not together sessed.

in any one Year exceed the Amount of Twopence in the Pound

upon the Rental assessed to the Metropolitan Police in the whole

of the Metropolitan Police District for the Time being.

XT. And whereas by the Act of the Tenth Year of King George 10G.4. c. 44.

the Fourth, Chapter Forty-four, the Sum to be paid for the Purposes of the Police under that Act within the Metropolitan Police District

is to be ascertained, and is limited with reference to the full and fair

annual Value of all Property rateable for the Relief of the Poor within the Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, such full and fair annual

Value to be computed according to the last .Valuation for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate: And whereas from the rapid Increase of building in Parts of the Metropolitan Police

District many Buildings become rateable for the Relief of the Poor,

and occasion an Increase of Charge for the Purposes of the Police,

before they are included in the Valuation acted upon in assessing

., n r> The rateable

the County Kate: Valuo of

In computing the full and fair annual Value of the Property Buildings rateable for the Relief of the Poor within any Parish, Township, ^c^since Precinct, or Place in the Metropolitan Police District, for all the Countj Bate Purposes of the said Act of King George the Fourth, and the ^eahto other Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police, and this Act, the account for full and fair annual Value on which the last Poors Rate has been of the°?ol!ce 6 K computed Bate.

Overseers to make Returns of new Buildings.

Power to Receiver for Metropolitan Police District, &c. to inspect Rates.

Penalty on Overseers neglecting to make Returns, or refusing to produce Rates.

Deficiency of Police Superannuation Fund may be made good out of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 04.

Metropolitan Police Stations, &c.

computed of all Houses and other Buildings in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, which shall have been erected since the last Valuation acted upon in assessing the County Rate, and which shall have become rateable to the Relief of the Poor, shall be added to the Amount of the annual Value of the rateable Property in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, according to the last Valuation for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate.

XII. The Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the Metropolitan Police District shall, from Time to Time so often as may be required by the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, make and cause to be delivered to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District a true Return in Writing under the Hands of such Overseers, specifying every House or other Building which shall have been erected and have become rateable to the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place since the making of the last Valuation for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate, and the annual Value of the same.

Xin. The Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, or any Person haring an Order for that Purpose under the Hand of such Receiver, may inspect any Poor Rate made or to be made for any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place in the Metropolitan Police District, and take Copies of or Extracts from any such Rate, without Payment of any Fee or Reward.

XIV. If any Overseer or Overseers refuse or neglect to make any Return when so required by the Receiver as aforesaid, or if any Overseer or Person having the Custody of any such Poor Rate as herein mentioned refuse or neglect to permit the Receiver or any Person hereby authorized to inspect such Rate, or to take Copies or Extracts from the same, within Two Days after Notice in Writing, under the Hand of such Receiver, for that Purpose shown to the Overseer or Person having the Custody of such Poor Rate, or left at his usual Place of Abode; every Overseer or Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, or before any Police Magistrate sitting in a Police Court of the Metropolitan Police District, forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. In case the Police Superannuation Fund provided by the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty shall at any Time be insufficient for Payment of the Superannuation or Retiring Allowances which may be ordered to be paid thereout under the Provisions

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 64. 409

Metropolitan Police Stations, §c.

visions of the Acts relating to the Police of the Metropolis, it shall be otter Monies lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the Ch^ge*0 Warrant under his Hand, to authorize and direct the Payment by the of the Police. Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, out of any Monies applicable towards defraying the Charge of the Metropolitan Police, of such Sum or Sums from Time to Time as may be necessary to make good the Deficiency of the said Police Superannuation Fund.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Mortgage of Rates.

Mortgage, Number ()

By virtue of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of

Queen Victoria, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act],

Esquire, the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, in consideration of the Sum of paid to

by A.B. of for the Purposes of the said Act,

doth grant and assign unto the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all Sums and Rates authorized to be levied by the Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis under the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty, and the Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-seven, to hold to the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof until the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of per Centum per Annum for the same, shall be

frilly paid and satisfied; and it is hereby declared that the said Principal Sum shall be repaid on the Day of

and that in the meantime the Interest thereof shall be paid on the Day of and the Day of

in every Year.

In witness whereof the said hath hereunto set

his Hand and Seal, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap 64.

Metropolitan Police Stations,

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Transfer of Mortgage.

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of Pounds paid to me by C.D. of

do hereby transfer to the said C.D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage, Number, bearing Date

the Day of and made by

Esquire, the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, for securing the Sum of and Interest [or, if such Transfer be by

Indorsement on the Mortgage, insert, instead of the Words after "Assigns" the within Security], and all my Property, Right, and Interest in and to the Money thereby secured, and in and to the Monies thereby assigned. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

A.B. (l.s.)

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIA REGItGE.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who have been allowed to retire, and to Adjutants disabled after long Service: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

I. The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular 6 L Militia

Secretary of State for War to issue

the Money required for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Contingent

Fund.

Clothing.

Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant of Infantry, Eight Shillings, and of Artillery, Nine Shillings:

For each Quartermaster, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diem ,; and of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Diem: For each Serjeant Major of Infantry, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Tenpence, and of Artillery, Three Shillings:

For each Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) of Infantry, One Shilling and Eightpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and to the Serjeant performing the Duty of both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less) of Infantry, One Shilling and Eightpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For each Serjeant of Infantry, One Shilling and Sixpence, and of Artillery, Two Shillings and Twopence:

For each Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler above Sixteen Years of Age, One Shilling, and under Sixteen Years of Age, Tenpence: Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough or Licence he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively: And also at Rates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instructions for the Provision of Clothing for each Serjeant Major, Serjeant, and Drummer on the Disembodied Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

II. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three

Calendar

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

503

Militia Pay.

Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. Every Adjutant, Quartermaster, and Non-commissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the' Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force $oemployed.

IV. The Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant, and the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

Y. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster

is

Adjutants, Quartermasters, and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing.

Adjutant to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

Arms may be deposited in War Office Stores, by Order of Secretary of State for War.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and.

in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. The Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances:

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -

Major -

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards*, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies* -, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Coips consisting of Four Companies and upwards *

, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies* -

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff), (if holding a Subaltern's Commission,

and if not on the Permanent Staff), (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than 360 Private Men) (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360 Private Men)* -Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Major* -

Quartermaster Serjeant* -

Paymaster Serjeant* -Serjeant (if on the Permanent Staff)

, (if not on the Permanent Staff*)

Corporal -

Drummer, Bugler, or Trumpeter -

Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private present at Training and Exercise -

Infimtry. Artillery.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11 J

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6- 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 0

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 <) 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 0 2f 0 0 6

0 0 4| 0 0 4

0 0 4j 0 0 4

0 0 0f 0 0 4

0 1 6? 0 2 6

0 1 2* 0 1 H

0 0 1 0 0 3

0 1 0 0 1 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

These Rates of Pay, during Training and Exercise only, are in addition to the Daily Rates of Disembodied Pay granted by Section I.

VII. Volun-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

505

Militia Pay.

VII. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, either as Serjeants or Drummers, be allowed Pay whilst so under Instruction, but while they remain so attached they will be under the Command of the Officer commanding the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers of that Regiment, and will be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act.

Volunteers attached to Regiments of the Line to be subject to the Mutiny Act.

VIII. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of the Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed on a retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted to them in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, all such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (,)

j do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I

, formerly served as a in the

Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from the ' Day of to the Day of

I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil ' or Military, under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions ' of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, ' besides my Allowance of per Diem as a of the said Militia, except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a . '

Certain Officers unfit for Duty entitled to a retired Allowance, upon making the following Declaration.

Form of Declaration.

IX. And whereas certain ^Non-commissioned Officers and Drum- Out-Pension mers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ^Jj^Com-Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disem- missioned bodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not unfit for 2"and

r . ° Drummers

further Service: No Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed not to be re-on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period ceiv?d while during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia. serving.

X. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Persons on Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having ^titlwTto °T served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Allowance Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and "rvedTnthe Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Army or 6 M Captains,

Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c. during Training.

Adjutants, &c., Non-commissioned Officers, or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1858.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XI. Provided always, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

XII. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and their Families of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers and their Families while such Regiment is not called out for '1'raining and Exercise.

XIII. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may

be,)

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Militia Pay.

be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service:

Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right Right to he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIV. And whereas certain Adjutants are entitled to and have re- Adjutants ceived certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced fe.n, Vtle<i

i o Allowance

under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth under

Years of the Reign of King George the Third, which Allowances 3 '

have been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four

Shillings per Diem: All such Adjutants shall be entitled to receive

and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day

of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

XV. Every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted Reduced Ad-under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the j, ltants ay

J . take such

Reign of King George the Third, and continued by any subsequent Allowance

Act or by this Act, may receive such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable together Allowance

with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed under,

. r 39 & 40 G. 3.

in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, c, 44.

[Proviso.]

intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Par- 26 G. 3.C. 107. liament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive auy Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under Her Majesty, other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under Her Majesty, or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XVI. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pur- Allowances suance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters ^u^"^nts' of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit and Quarter-for further Service: Such Allowances shall be issued and paid, masters-during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same

Allowances granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity.be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XVII. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular Forces and in the Militia, if unfit, either by Age or Infirmity, for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,)

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem:

Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem.

Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem:

Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem

Provided, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War, founded upon such Certificate, the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of

Profit

20° &2P VICTORIA, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such CiviT Place or Employment.

XVIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to Restrictions reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia: The said Allowances shall as to Allow *

v &DC6S to

be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the reduced

Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided Adjutants of

* tlio Local

always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants Militia.

have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

XIX. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the A Declara-Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance *I(?n t0Jje

J J # taken by

shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself Adjutants thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary claiming the Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or said Allow-receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as ' Adjutant in the of Local Militia at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and ' twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to

say, from the Day of One thousand eight hundred and to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not

hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any

Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit,

4 Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government,

besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed,

except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy

or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia,

as the Case may be-\. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant 6 N claiming

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

Manner of

granting

Allowances#

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of the Just* ness of their Accounts.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia,

claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy, or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XX. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Rates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act.

XXI. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; {videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries' of Cornwall and Devon or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; {videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

J do solemnly declare, That the preceding Account,

so far as regards my Interest therein, is a just and true Account ' of Business performed by me for and in behalf of the Public Service,

according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums claimed ' as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer m

Scotland.

4 J do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial

Schoolmaster [or Constable or other ] of the District

of in the Subdivision of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just and

true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in ' behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act, annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants Deputy acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place lieutenants in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy Wardens acting in any the Atten-Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and, ^ance of "7 should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the aiding near Appeals of Pe.rsons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in

the Militia' by reason of bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Ser- Appeals, vice"6f the Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment: It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

1 I do solemnly declare, That I will> to the best of Declaration

my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the Fitness for by burgeon.

Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or ' Reward whatever for any such Examination. '

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at Allowance such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two to Surg60n' Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXIII. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent Pay, &c. to and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and ^jerDi-Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall rections of be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for

War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such for War. Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXIV. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allow- Bills drawn ances under this Act' may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no

unstamped

Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

All Things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Shires, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

XXV. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

XXVII. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65

Militia Pay.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

4.

For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements)

For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants -

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each -

For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals -

For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof, Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary-at-War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

, For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

£ m, d.

0 7 6

5 5 0

1 11 6

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 7 6

- 2 2 0

- . S 3 0

- 4 4 0

- 5 5 0

- 6 6 0

6 O

from 201 to 400 Men from 401 to 600 Men from 601 to 800 Men from 801 Men and upwards

110

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

Militia Pay.

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men £ t, contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment,

Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under - 0 5

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names - 0 10

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names -10

Ditto 251 Names and upwards - 1 10

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual

Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps - - 0 15

Ditto - Two - Ditto - - 1 10

Ditto - Three - Ditto - -20

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note.  This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men - - 2 0

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men - -30

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -40

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards - -50

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c .:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200

Men or under - - - 2 0

In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men - -30

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men - -40

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men - -50

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -60

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing

the , Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision

Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice -00

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or

other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and

rf.

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an £ *. d. entire Regiment or Battalion - -10 0

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing

One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - 2 0 0

Ditto - Two - Ditto - -800

Ditto - Three - Ditto -400

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or

framing Advertisement - -050

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer,

(no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter - 0 10

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting,

For enrolling,

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists -220

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - -15 0

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - 0 15 0

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to

serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept - - 0 0 6

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters,

Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept - 0 0 6

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Twod Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and

so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men £2 per 1,000

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule (C.), or the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision

is - - 50 Men and under - 2 2 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 3 8 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 4 4 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - 5 5 0

516 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

£ d.

0 5 0

0 10 0 0 15 0 10 0

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Propor-

- tions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

Training and Exercise.

0 5 0 0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards -

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards

517

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 65.

Militia Pay.

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stew-artiy, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

d.

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under - 0 0 6

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names - - 0 1 0

Ditto from 31 to 50 Names - - 0 2 6

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names . - 0 4 0

Ditto from 71 to 100 Names - 0 7 0

Ditto from 100 upwards - - 0 10 0

26. For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing *20 Names and under Ditto from 21 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 and upwards

0 2 0

0 6 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 and upwards

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours -050

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty

Lines - - -010

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting - 0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per

Day - - - 0 5 0

31. For Stationery, per Annum -050

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours - - 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty

Lines - - -010

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and en-

rolled Men, per Day - - -040

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per Annum - -15 0

6 P

20 & 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 65.

Militia Pdy.

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applioable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively *

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account

88. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by. Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

Per Arninm.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 Where the Quota is

Above 200, and not exceeding 400 -

Above 400, and not exceeding 500 -

And where the Quota exceeds 500, the following Additions for every 100, or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500, and not exceeding 1,000 -

Above 1,000, and not exceeding 2,000 Above 2,000, and not exceeding 3,000 -

Above 3,000, and not exceeding 4,000 Above 4,000 -

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant - The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

je s. d.

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 0 0

2 2 0

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PR1MO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

a

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the Rast India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth and Thir- 12 & 13 Vict, teenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled Act c. 43. for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act be amended; and it being requisite for retaining the Forces of the East India Company in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert the said Company's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the 6 Q Law

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Ea India).

Law will allow: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 

Power to L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for Her Majesty the better Government of the East India Company's Forces, and from Articles of Time to Time to renew, alter, add to, or amend the same, as to Her War, of Majesty shall appear fit; and all Articles of War to be so made shall Courts^hall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts what-take Judicial soever, and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, Copies'tote as 80011 as conveniently may be after the same shall have been-made transmitted and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's and Gover- Secretary of War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at nors. Westminster, Dublin, Edinburgh, and in India respectively, and also

to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, and of the Territories under the Government of the said Company; provided that no Person within the Territories which are or may be under the Government of the said Company, and within One hundred and twenty Miles Distance from the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, shall by such Articles of War be subject to be transported as a Felon, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Lijnb, except for Crimes or Offences which are by this Act expressly made liable to Transportation or Penal Servitude, or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which hereafter may be made or enacted or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers or Followers being Natives of the East Indies or other Places within the Limits of Trial of Na- the said Company's Charter, and that on the Trial of all Offences o^Soldiere'8 comnQitte(* by any Native Officer or Soldier or Follower Reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such Native Officers, Soldiers, or Followers, and to the established Usages of the Service.

Persons sub- II. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons JAct10 thlS belonging to the Forces of the East India Company who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as Officers, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or who are or shall be-serving or hired to be employed in the Artillery pr any of

20"&2r VICTORIA, Cap. 66. 52.3

Mutiny (East India).

the Trains of Artillery, or as Master Gunners or Gunners, or as Conductors of Stores, or who are or shall be serving in the Department of Engineers, or in the Corps of Sappers and Miners or Pioneers, or as Military Surveyors or Draughtsmen, or in the Ordnance or Public Works or Commissariat Departments, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers employed under the Ordnance, and to all Veterinary Surgeons, Medical Storekeepers, Apothecaries, Hospital Stewards, and others serving in the Medical Department of the said Forces, and to all licensed Suttlers, and all Followers in or of any of the said Forces, and that all such Persons shall be at all Times subject to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act,

* and shall in all respects whatsoever be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act.

III. For the Purposes of this Act and of any Articles of War to For the Pur-be made under the same, the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal Act^he*^ shall be deemed and taken to comprise under and within it all the Presidency Territories which by Law are divisible between the Presidencies of nIm°to eom-F'ort William in Bengal and Agra respectively, and such Territories prise that of shall for all the Purposes aforesaid be taken to be the Presidency of Agra '

Fort William in Bengal.

IV. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being mustered and

in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of the Possessions serving in or Territories which are or may be under the Government of the ^'^e^occu' said Company, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Persons Persons sub-subject to the Government of the said Company, or by any Forces of ^ternment the said Company under the Command of any Officer having a Com- of the Commission immediately from the Government of any of the Presidencies of the said Company, shall be liable to Martial Law in like Manner Law as other . as the Company's other Forces are. Forces.

V. All Officers and Soldiers who shall be enlisted in or transferred to the Service of the said Company, and all Officers in the said Company's Service who may proceed in charge of or be appointed to do Duty with such enlisted or transferred Officers and Soldiers, shall, from and after their Embarkation to go abroad to such Place whereto they shall be sent in the Service of the said Company, be during their Passage subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of this Act, and to all such Provisions and Regulations as Officers and Soldiers in the Pay of the said Company shall from Time to Time be subject to at the Garrison or Place to which such Officers and Soldiers shall be sent; and in all Cases in which it may happen that Offences shall be committed by the said Officers and Soldiers after their Embarkation, and .before their Arrival at their Place of Destination abroad, which cannot be tried and punished during their

Passage

After Embarkation all Officers and Soldiers subject to Provisions of this Act.

Offences committed during Passage cognizable after Arrival,

Power to the Comraan- ders-in-Chief at the several Presidencies to convene Courts-martial for Trial of Offences.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

Passage in such Manner as such Offences ought to be tried and punished, every such Officer or Soldier may, after his Arrival at his Place of Destination abroad, be tried and punished for every Offence committed after his Embarkation and before his Arrival, in the same Manner as he would have been liable to be tried and punished if such Offence had been committed in any Place where the Offender might have been tried by Court-martial held under the Authority of this Act.

VI. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders to Justice it shall be lawful for the General or other Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or the Forces of the Presidency of Fort,

and also for each of the Generals or other Officers respectively commanding in chief the Forces of the Presidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to convene Courts-martial for the Trial of any Officer or Soldier under his Command who is or shall be charged with any Offence liable to be tried by Court-martial, whether such Offence shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and it shall also be lawful for each of the said Officers commanding in chief respectively to direct his Warrant to any Officer having the Command of any Body of Forces, authorizing him to convene Courts-martial for the Trial of Offences committed by any Officer or Soldier under his Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, save and except that in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Field Officer is not in Command, a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and it shall also be lawful for each of the said Officers commanding in chief respectively, when and as often as any Sentence is given and passed by a Court-martial legally constituted upon any Officer or Soldier under his Command, to confirm such Sentence, and to cause the same to be put into execution, or to suspend, mitigate, or remit the same; and it shall also be lawful for each of the said Officers commanding in chief respectively to give his Warrant to any Officer having the Command of any Body of Forces, authorizing such Officer to confirm Sentences of Courts-martial passed upon Officers or Soldiers under his Command (always excepting in any such Warrant the Confirmation of any Sentence of Death, Transportation, Penal Servitude, or Cashiering upon any Commissioned Officer), and to cause the same to be put into execution, or to suspend, mitigate, or remit the same; provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, save and except that in detached Situations beyond

Seas,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

Seas, where a Field Officer is not in Command, a Captain may be so authorized with reference to the Sentences of District or Garrison Courts-martial; and the said Officers commanding in chief respectively may (where they shall think fit) authorize any such Officer as aforesaid to confirm any such Classes of SenteUces only, or Sentences passed for any such Class of Offences only, or on any such Classes of Persons only, as they may think fit; and it shall also be lawful for Her Majesty to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Royal Sign Manual to any General or other Officer having the Command of any Body of Forces, as well in the Possessions or Territories which are or may be under the Government of the East India Company as elsewhere, for convening Courts-martial and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Commands, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, the Officer so authorized not being, however, below the Degree of a Field Officer, except as aforesaid; and any Person subject to the Provisions of this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, or elsewhere, commit any Offence for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of the Territories which are or may be under the Government of the said Company, or in any other Place whereto he may have come, or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, in the same Manner as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

Power to Her Majesty to grant Commissions or Warrants for convening of Courts-martial for trying Offences against Articles of War.

VII. All General Courts-martial held under the Authority of this Composition Act shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, tutlonTf *'* (except in Cases where the same shall be holden in any Place out of General Her Majesty's Dominions and of the Territories which are or may be ^"[Urt8'mar* under the Government of the said Company, or where the same shall be holden in any African Colony, New Z, the Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, the Settlements on the Coast of China, Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca, in which Cases such General Courts-martial may consist of any Number not less than Five, save only in the Case of the Cape of Good Hope and other Settlements in Southern Africa, in which Case they may consist of any' Number not less than Seven,) and such General Courts-martial shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation,

Penal Servitude, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

6 R

VIII. A

Composition and Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Regimental or Detachment Courts* martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships.

Power to Officers in Command of Troops in Foreign Countries to convene Detachment Courts-martial.

No Sentence to be executed until approved.

Proceedings on mixed Courts-mar-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

VIII. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to Such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act, provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death, or Transportation, or Penal Servitude.

IX. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it is found impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three may be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March or on board any Ship or Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

XI. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of the said Company's Troops serving in any Place out of Her Majesty's Dominions and of the Possessions or Territories which are or may be under the Government of the said Company, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to the Company's Army, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three -Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. Where necessary or expedient, Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces or Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or Officers of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny [East India).

of both such Services, may sit on Courts-martial together with Officers tial how to in the Service of the East India Company; and where the Person to be 1)6 regulated' tried belongs to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Proceedings of the Court shall be tegulated to all Intents and Purposes as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces only, and the Provisions of the Act which shall exist at the Time for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion in Her Majesty's Forces shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; and where the Person to be tried shall be in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer, though in the actual Service of the said Company, may hold a Commission from. Her Majesty or any of Her Royal Predecessors; and Courts-mar-where it shall happen that Officers in the Service of the said Company c&aeamay6 cannot conveniently be had to compose the whole or Part of a Court- be wholly martial, then any Officer or Soldier or Person subject to the Provisions Q^d of of this Act may be tried by a Court-martial composed of Officers in Officers.

Her Majesty's Service alone: Provided always, that the Officer convening such Court-martial shall specify in his Warrant or Order convening the Court that no Officer in the Service of the said Company could be conveniently had.

XIII. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by President the Authority convening such Court, and shall in no Case be the con- martial?" firming Officer or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden in the Countries of Foreign Powers, or of a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March or on board

any Ship or Vessel, or on any Station where a Captain cannot be had; and it shall be lawful for any Officer by whom any Court-martial shall be convened (where it may be necessary so to do) to authorize some fit Person to execute the Office of Judge Advocate at and for the Purpose of such Court-martial: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden in the Countries of Foreign Powers the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

XIV. In all Trials by Courts-martial to be held by virtue of this Proceedings Act, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve at Tm1, thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects

to be tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be

referred

As to swearing and summoning Witnesses.

20° & 21" VICTORIES, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (j East India).

referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President, or of any other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed, shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall have been made and allowed, or if no Challenge shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate General or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same; and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but during seasonable and convenient Hours of the Day, to be appointed by the Officer commanding where the Court-martial is held, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

XV. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-niartial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall if unduly arrested be discharged by such Court-martial or by any Court of Justice or Judge of any such Court, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court-martial, Court of Justice, or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or refuse to answer all such

Questions

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in any Court of Justice, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law an Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

XVI. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty Previous of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which any such Person may'be1 put shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Person, in Evidence and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, receive in Evidence >nf<sentenc"e against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Defaulters Book of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book, of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction, and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Person under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted to the Officer commanding a Regiment or other Corps by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk or other Officer, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk or other Officer, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction, and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied,

6 S from

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courts-martial to be transmitted to Judge Advocate General.

No Second Trial to be had for the sameOffence, and no Revision more than once.

Crimes punishable with Death.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

from all the Circumstances of the Case, that the Person under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War for the Government of the East India Company's Forces be awarded for the Offence of which he may be found guilty.

XVII. Every Judge Advocate or Person officiating as such at a

General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, shall transmit, with as much Expedition as may be, the original Proceedings and the Sentence of such Court-martial to the Judge Advocate General of the Army in which such Court-martial shall be held, in whose Office they are to be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence (paying for the same at the Rate of Four-pence or Thirty-two Pies per Folio of Seventy-two Words), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Three Months after the Trial, if the same took place on the Continent of India, or Six Months if beyond Seas; provided that such Demand

as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XVIII. No Officer or Soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence as to the Guilt or Innocence of the Accused be received by the Court on any Revision.

XIX. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Land or Marine Forces of Her Majesty or of the said Company, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer, or shall hold Correspondence with or give

Advice

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (E India).

Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty or of the East India Company, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever, or shall relieve with Money, Victuals, or Ammunition, or knowingly harbour or protect, any such .Rebel or Enemy, or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel or Enemy, without the Licence of the said Company, or of the Governor General in Council, or of the Governor in Council at One of the Presidencies, or of the General or Chief Commander, or shall cast away his Arms or Ammunition or otherwise misbehave himself before the Enemy, or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge or which he shall have been commanded to defend, or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same, or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or others to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall desert the said Company's Service, or shall leave his Commanding Officer, or his Post or Colours, to go in search of Plunder, or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post, or shall treacherously make known the Watchword, or shall intentionally occasion false Alarm in Action, Camp, Garrison, or Quarters, or shall do Violence to any Person bringing Provisions or other Necessaries to the Quarters of the Forces, or shall force a Safeguard or enter into any House or Store or Cellar, or other Place, for Plunder, or shall strike, or shall draw or offer to draw or lift up any Weapon, or use or offer any Violence, against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer, or who, being confined in a Military Prison, shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his Superior Military Officer being in the Execution of his Office, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within the Dominions of Her Majesty or the Territories which are or may be under the Government of the said Company, or in Foreign Parts, and whether upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided also, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier enlisted or in Pay in any Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company, may be deemed to have deserted the said Company's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XX. No

Judgment of Death.

Mutiny (East India).

XX. No Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

Judgment of XXI. Whensoever any Court-martial by which any Soldier shall b^commuted ^ave been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death for Trans- shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such other Punish- Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of ments. the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or may sentence him to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years; and in all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a Court-martial it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm the Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon either for Life, or for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, as shall seem meet to such Officer.

Embezzlement punished by Transportation or Penal Servitude,

XXII. Any Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer, or any Person employed in the Ordnance, Public Works, or Commissariat Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, wilful Damage, or Theft of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to the East India Company, or for the Use of the East India Company's Forces or Her Majesty's Forces, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from the East India Company's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, and Incapacity of serving the East India Company or Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature or Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to the East India Company, who shall

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66. 533

Mutiny (East India).

shall be entitled to enter up Judgment for and recover the same accordingly in any of the Courts of Law in the East Indies, or any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies, as Occasion may require; or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages, not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances, until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon or to be kept in Penal Servitude, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to the East India Company's Service, and forfeit any Commission held from Her Majesty, and for ever be incapable of serving the said Company or Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. Her Majesty may, by any Order or Orders to be by Her As to Exe- from Time to Time made, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, g^tences of appoint, or by any such Order or Orders in Council authorize the Transporta-Governor General of India in Council and the Governor in Council p°"airSer of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively to appoint, any Place vitude.

or Places beyond the Seas within Her Majesty's Dominions to which Felons and other Offenders may be conveyed.

XXIV. Whenever any Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servi- Transports tude heretofore passed or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender, th/con^* under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, is to be vict Laws of carried into execution, whether the same be an original or commuted Transporta-Sentence, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding in tion or chief at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or ^"^Ser' be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, or

Officer acting as such, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or to the Chief Justice or other Judge, as the Case may be, of the Colony or Place, who shall make Order for the Transportation or Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in like Manner as for the Transportation,

Penal Servitude, or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency, if in any of the Presidencies of the East Indies, or if elsewhere to the Governor of the Colony or Place, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency, Colony, or Place, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which from Time to Time shall be in force in 6 T such

0

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment.

Courts-martial may, in addition to other Pa-

.20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. ee.

Mutiny (East India).

such Presidency, Colony, or Place, and such Offender shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation or of Penal Servitude which has been passed, upon him in the Place to which he shall have been removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Transportation or of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Place to which he has been so removed or sent: Provided always, that in any Case where a Sentence of Transportation or of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm the Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Two Years, either with or without Hard Labour and Solitary Confinement, not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for disgraceful Conduct, as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed.

XXVII. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court martial, it shall be lawful for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentence to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, and Corporal Punishment to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes.

XXVIII. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might nishmrat, have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to fejture of Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have Pay and accrued from past Service or might accrue from future Service, or to en810n' Forfeiture of the Annuity, and Medal or Decoration, which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity, and Medal or Decoration, awarded for former good Conduct, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct 

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating any Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Stores or other Property of the East India Company or of the Crown, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true knowing the same to. be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him, or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military, or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXIX. Every Soldier who shall be found guilty by a Court- Forfeiture martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, guilty of De-or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, Qnd

with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for viction for

Service, Felon7-

536 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (India).

Service, or of tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or of any Crime or Offence by any Court of Criminal Jurisdiction in the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty or the East India Company, which would, if committed in the United Kingdom, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement under Sentence of Court-martial or for Debt, &c .;

XXX. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or being an Apprentice by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge;

or in Confinement for Debt; or when Prisoner of War, until Inquiries shall be made;

or when convicted of Desertion or of Absence without Leave, or when absent without Leave not exceeding Five Days.

Officer or Soldier was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged; and no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which lie shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining the Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon a3 possible to the Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Soldier who shall be convicted of Desertion or of Absence without Leave shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned, and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead' of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture or any other Punishment which he has any Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented, himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself, and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished or ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Government under which any Soldier is serving to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any such Soldier during the Period of .Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXI. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of One Penny or Eight Pies a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty, or on Parade, or on the Line of March, to be deprived of One Penny or Eight Pies a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXII. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Soldier shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Soldier of such Portion of his Pay for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War for the East India Company's Troops, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay or Allowance for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War for

6 U the

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for for habitual Drunkenness.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny [East India).

the East India Company's Troops, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct, and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided always, that a Soldier so sentenced to the Forfeiture Of Pay who shall be quartered at or removed to a Station where Liquor forms Part of his Ration and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind instead of being deprived of One Penny or Eight Pies of his Pay daily for so long a Time as he shall remain at such Station and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXIII. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps:

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of or Damage or Injury to any Property whatsoever occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct: Any Loss or Destruction of or Damage or Injury to his Horse, or to any Beast used in Warfare, or any Loss or Destruction of or Damage or Injury to his- Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of, and ordered to wear, on the Recommendation of the Surgeon, for the Benefit of his Health, or the Amount or Value obtained by making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service in the Field or for general good Conduct, which may have been granted him by Order of Her Majesty, or by Order of the East India Company or their Government, or any Loss or Destruction of or Damage or Injury to the Arms, Horse Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries of any Officer or Soldier occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of any Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

also, that after satisfying the Charges for his Messing and Washing, so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny or Eight Pies a Day.

XXXIV. Whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of Deser- 1>.owor tion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, Soldier with and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Ignominy. Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence

passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from the Service: Provided always, that where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the General or other Officer having Authority to confirm the Sentence, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture,

Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

XXXV. On the First and on every subsequent Conviction for Marking Desertion, the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, Deserter&-may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches

below the Armpit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXVI. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may Power of Im-sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, by^ifferent and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Con- Kinds of finement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case s'mar"

. exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods, and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for anj- Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Soldier be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with an Interval between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement; provided that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or

Regimental

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Terms of Imprisonment under Sentence of Courts-martial.

Place of Imprisonment.

Keepers of Prisons to receive Military Offenders.

Regimental or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be solitary only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to such Imprisonment only, the Period shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XXXVII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude or of Transportation passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIII. Save as herein-before specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude, Transportation, or of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President.

XXXIX. The Place of Imprisonment under the Sentence of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding in the District, Garrison, or Place, and, under the Sentence of any other Court-martial, shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XL. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of the Territories under the Government of the East India Company or of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he shall be

discharged

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. C6.

Mutiny (East India).

discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose.

XLI. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Orders« to the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison or Gaol or ^uoners°to House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, it shall be lawful be obeyed, for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding in the District or Garrison or Place, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness or for Trial, or other Purpose, and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged, or be delivered over, as the Case may be': Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLII. The Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, House of Diet of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, shall diet and provide 1 r, soircr8" every Soldier imprisoned by the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries, according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, the Expense of which shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Expenses of such Prison, or as may be provided by any Laws or Regulations to be made in that Behalf.

XLIII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House ^ytice to be of Correction, or other Place of Confinement to whom any Notice Expiration6 shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe, of Imprison-that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Inent" Soldier liable to serve the East India Company on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or, if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof to the Adjutant General of the Army, or to the nearest Military Authority to whom such Notice may conveniently be given.

XLIV. Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Corps, Troop, Musters or Company in the East India Company's Service at such Times as shall be appointed, and no Officer or Soldier, or other Person liable to false Mus-be mustered, shall be absent from such Musters, unless properly ters' certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall 6 X make

542 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (India).

make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Beast, or shall wittingly, or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster, is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Officers, Soldiers, or other Persons, or for signing any Muster Rolls ,; or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, or shall give. or procure to be given any untrue Certificate whereby to excuse any Officer, Soldier, or other Person for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought.

to attend or perform, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial shall for such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the Presidency to which the Offender shall belong, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to, order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient. 1 .

Trials for XLV. Every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished after sub- for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully sequent En- enlisted, although he may of Right belong to another Corps, and be listment. a Defter therefrom; and whether such Soldier shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of Right belong, or for deserting from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

As to XLVI. Any Soldier who while serving in any of the East India

Confession Company's Forces shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of Desertion, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from the East India Company's Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Magistrate or of the Commanding Officer of the Place, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Corps of the said Company's Forces as the Officer commanding in chief at any of the said Presidencies shall appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not, and he shall be liable to Punishment in the same Manner as if he had actually enlisted, and had afterwards deserted.

Punishment XLVII. Any Person who shall, by Words or by any other Means o^aasUting8 whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Soldier to desert, or in Desertion. attempt

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person > who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof in any Court of Criminal Jurisdiction in the Dominions of Her Majesty or in the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

XLVIII. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate, within the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, or within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, and for any Person holding the Office of British Resident or performing the Duties of such Office within the Territories of any Foreign State, to enlist and attest any Persons desirous of enlisting or any Soldiers or others desirous of re-enlisting into the Service of the said Company, and all such Persons shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as by the Mutiny Act passed in the present Year for Her Majesty's Forces are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for the Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier in the Service of the said Company; and if any Person so enlisted shall designedly make any false Representation at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any enlisting Money or Bounty for entering into the Service of the East India Company, he shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial and punished in the same Manner as a Soldier guilty of disgraceful Conduct in fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him.

XLIX. Any Person who shall have enlisted into and been attested for the East India Company's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service, or unfit for the Service for which he shall have been enlisted, by reason of any Infirmity which shall have been concealed by such Person or not declared at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion or Company, or into any of the said Company's European Forces, or into Her Majesty's Land Forces or Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment or any particular Service, and every such Person shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as shall be allowed by the East India Company in that Behalf, in lieu and stead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, anything in any Act or Acts

or

.oa.o

Enlisting and attesting Recruits.

Recruits

concealing

Infirmities

punishable

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India),

Penalty on Militia Men enrolled under

15 & 16 Vict c. 50. enlisting wrongfully.

No Paymaster to receive Fees, or to make unusual Deductions out of Pay, or to detain Pay.

Penalty on Paymasters for so doing.

or any Rules or Regulations, relating to Soldiers to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Any Man, having been enrolled as a Volunteer under the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, or any subsequent Acts, to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom, who shall deny to the Justice or other Person before whom he sh^ll be attested for the Forces of the East India Company that he -belongs to the Militia, shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate, within the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, or before a Regimental Court of Inquiry, either upon his own Confession or upon Evidence, forfeit all Militia Bounty which would have become payable to him during the Period of his belonging to the Forces of the East India Company if he had not therein enlisted, and be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny or Eight Pies a Day from his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency to which the Offender shall belong shall in that Behalf direct, or if enrolled in the Militia as a balloted Man or Substitute shall, if convicted before any Justice, Magistrate, or Person as aforesaid, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for and during any Timo not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and every such Person shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act in the same Manner as if he had regularly joined the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted.

LI. No Paymaster or other Person shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay or Allowance of any Officer or Soldier in the East India Company's Service, or from their Agents, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required to be made according to the Regulations of the Service; and every Paymaster or other Person who, having received any Officers or Soldier's Pay and Allowances, shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the Regulations established by the Rules of the Service, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One thousand Company's Rupees, and the Informer if a Soldier shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Governor General in Council, or the Governor in Council at the said Presidencies respectively, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during

which

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66

Mutiny (East India).

which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty.

LII. Every Person, not having a Military Commission, who shall Penalty for give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service tere. which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Company's Rupees; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse or other Beast to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Magistrate residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Company's Rupees, and the Informer, if he belong to the Company's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged the said Service.

LIII. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or Penalty on receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be Necessaries, employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, ytorcs> &c-Ammunition, Medals or Decorations for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses or other Beasts belonging to or used in the East India Company's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Decorations, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Company's Rupees, together with the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person, having been so convicted, shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Company's Rupees but not less than Fifty Company's Rupees, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be liable to be imprisoned only, or imprisoned and kept to,

Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the convicting Justice or Magistrate, or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate, shall think fit; and upon any Information 6 Y against

546 .20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutini/(India).

against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath or solemn Declaration before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before mentioned, with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice, Magistrate, or Person aforesaid may grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods, and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice, Magistrate, or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate, to be dealt with according to Law.

Soldiers LIV. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge, either upon the

Discharge Expiration of any Period for which he shall have engaged to serve or

may claim otherwise, shall be entitled to be sent to Great Britain or Ireland

to be sent free of Expense, and shall be entitled on his Arrival to have and

home tree or.

Expense. receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Arrival in Great Britain or Ireland decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his landing than the Place of his original Enlistment, such Marching Money being at the Rate and Reckoning per Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service on Punishment the March: Provided always, that every such Soldier entitled to and on the ' claiming his Discharge, and to be sent to Great Britain or Ireland a6

Voyage. aforesaid, as also any other Soldier in the Service of the East India Company entitled to be sent to Great Britain or Ireland, shall, until his Arrival and Debarkation in Great Britain or Ireland, be subject to the Provisions of this Act, and the Articles of War framed or to be framed by Her Majesty for the better Government of the Company's Forces, and Her Majesty may by such Articles of War provide for the Punishment of any such Soldier who on the Passage shall bie guilty of Drunkenness, or of any dishonest, disorderly, cruel, indecent, or disgraceful Conduct, by Sentence of a Court-martial to be held under the Mutiny Act and Articles of War for the Time being in force for Her Majesty's Forces, and may direct that for the Purposes of such Court-martial and Punishment he shall be considered as belonging to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, and be punishable

20" & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

able in the sfcme ox* the like Manner as if the Offence had been committed whilst serving with such Regiment and as if any Advantages he may be entitled to by Service were Advantages arising from Service in Her Majesty's Forces.

LV. Any Officer or Soldier who shall be serving in the Territories Power to of any Foreign State, or in any Country under the Protection of Her General Majesty or the said Company, or at any Place (other than Prince Courts -

Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca,) in the Territories unaer the nar^here Government of the said Company, and situated above One. hundred* beyond 120 and twenty Miles from the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively* and who shall be accused of having deneies (ex-committed Treason, -or of any other Crime which if committed in England would be Felony, or of having committed.any Offence against island, Sin-the Person or Property of any Subject of Her Majesty, or any other |j^ec'aa^r Person entitled to the Protection of Her Majesty or of the Govern- the Trial of ment of the East India Company, or of any State in Alliance with Capital and the said Company, may be tried by a General Court-martial to be offences, appointed by the General or other Officer commanding in chief in such Place for the Time being, and if found guilty shall suffer Death, or be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude or to Transportation for Life or for a Term of Years, or other Punishment, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, as by the Sentence of any such General Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that no .Sentence of a General Court-martial for any such Offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been confirmed by the General or other Officer commanding in chief as aforesaid; and such Officer may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the Sentence, or in the Case of a Sentence of Death commute the same to a Sentence of Penal Servitude or Transportation for Life or for any . certain Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to Imprisonment,

.with or without Hard Labour, for such Period of Time as to him shall seem fit; provided also, that any Person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same Offence by any other Court whatsoever.

. j

LVI. Provided always, That where any Officer or Soldier shall, Proviso for

under the Clause lastly herein-before contained, have been found

guilty of any such Offence as therein mentioned, committed at any Governor in

Place within the Territories under the Government of the said Com- Council in

ccrt&m

pany, situated above One hundred and twenty Miles from the Cases. Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and the Offender shall have been tried within such Territories, no Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude or Ti*ansportation in respect of such Offence, whether original, revised, or commuted,

shall

20° &'21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

Government of Presidencies may suspend Proceedings.

Certain Offenders, if apprehended by Civil Authorities, to be delivered over for Trial by Court-martial.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

shall be carried into execution until such Sentence shall have been approved by the Governor General in Council or Governor in Council of the Presidency in the Territories subordinate to which the Offender shall have been tried.

LVII. The Government of any of the said Presidencies in India may suspend the Proceedings of any Court-martial which may at any Time be holden within such Presidencies respectively.

LVIII. If any Person liable, under the Provisions herein-before contained, to be tried by a Court-martial for any Crime or Offence alleged to have been committed within the Territories of any Foreign State, or in any Country under the Protection of Her Majesty or the said Company, or at any Place (other than Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca,) in the Territories under the Government of the said Company, situate above One hundred and twenty Miles from the said Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and for which no Proceeding shall have been commenced in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, shall be apprehended by the Authority of or brought before any Magistrate for any such Offence, such Magistrate shall deliver over such accused Person to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, or Detachment to which such accused Person shall belong, or to the Commanding Officer of the nearest Military Station, for the Purpose of his being tried by a Court-martial for such Offence as is hereinbefore provided in that Behalf.

LIX. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or of Misdemeanor (other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with any Order of Justices or Magistrates for the Payment of Money); and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, when Application is made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record in the United Kingdom or in India, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the said Company's Service in the East Indies; and a Certificate of such Conviction, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall within Two Months from the Time of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66. 549

Mutiny (East India).

such Conviction be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General of the Army to which such Offender shall belong: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to require the Delivery over to the Civil Magistrate of any such Person accused of any Offence who shall have been tried for such Offence by any Court-martial under the Provisions ' herein before in that Behalf contained, or against whom any Proceeding shall have been taken or ordered to be taken for the Purpose of bringing such Person to Trial by Court-martial under the Provisions herein-before in that Behalf contained; provided also, that no Person or Persons, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier, by Order of the Officer commanding in chief in the Presidency to which the Offender belongs, or in the Case of a Noncommissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Officer commanding in chief as aforesaid or of the Colonel; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier belongs, transmit to him a Certificate under his Hand containing the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, and containing also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of One Company's Rupee and Eight Annas; and every such Certificate purporting to be signed as aforesaid shall be sufficient Evidence before a Court-martial of such Conviction or Acquittal, and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of his Identity.

LX. Any Person enlisted into the East India Company's Service ^)°^'rrr^d as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken out of such Service for Debt only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony unless or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence (other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices or pany's Magistrates for Payment of Money), or on account of an original Kupees* Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff, or of some One on his Behalf, to amount to the Value of Three hundred Company's Rupees ' 6 Z at

Persons employed under Articles of War to collect Effects of Officers dying in Service abroad may do so without Probate or Letters of Administration.

20\& 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be 6worn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court Out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of the East India Company's Service, by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Three hundred Company's Rupees; and all Writs, Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Judgments, Sentences, and Executions on account of any such Debt for which it is herein declared that a Soldier is not to be taken out of the East India Company's Service shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Party by whom the Action shall have been brought or Execution sued as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon: Provided always, that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier.

LXI. It shall be lawful for all Officers or other Persons1 who, under the Authority of any Articles of War in force for the Time being for the European Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, may be authorized to take care of or collect or superintend or direct the Collection of the Effects or any Part of the Effects of any Officers or Soldiers dying in the Service of the said Company out of the United Kingdom, to ask, demand, and receive any such Effects to which their Authority shall extend, and to commence, prosecute, and carry on any Actions or Suits for the Recovery thereof, and to sell and dispose of or otherwise deal with the same, without taking out any Letters of Administration, either with any Will annexed or otherwise,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

otherwise, in the same Manner in every respect as if such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid had been appointed Executors, and had proved the Will, or had taken out Administration of such Effects; and no Administrator General nor Registrar of any Court in the East Indies, or any Person acting under the Appointment or Authority of such Court, ad colligenda or otherwise, or any other Person, shall in any Manner interpose in relation to any such Effects, unless empowered so to do by any such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Officers and Persons are, in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given, to follow any Orders and Directions which may from Time to Time be given on the Subject by the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency to which the deceased Officer or Soldier shall have belonged.

LXII. All Sums of Money due from deceased Officers and Soldiers in respect of Military Clothing, Appointments, and Equipments, in respect of Servants Wages, in respect of Household Expenses incurred during the current Month or since the last Issue of Pay, or in respect of Quarters, or of Mess, or Band, or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of Money due to any Agent, or Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer Upon any such Account, or on account of any Advance made for any such Purpose, and also any Charges or Expenses attending or relating to the Illness or Funeral of any such Officer or Soldier, and any Sums of Money due from deceased Officers or Soldiers which, by any Articles of War to be made under the Powers of this Act, shall be directed to stand on the same Footing as any of the Matters before mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts, ' and shall be paid out of any Arrears of Pay or Allowances, or out of any Prize or Bounty Money, or the Equipage, Goods, and Chattels of any" Officer or Soldier dying out of the United Kingdom while in the Service of the said Company, and out of any other Effects of such Officer or Soldier so dying which may be collected or received by any Officers or other Persons acting under the Authority of the Articles of War in manner hereinbefore mentioned, in preference to any other Debts, Claims, or Demands whatsoever upon the Estate and Effects of such Officer or Soldier; and if Doubt shall arise as to whether any Claim or Demand made in relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, or what is the proper Amount of the same, or whether any such Regimental Debt remains due, such Question shall be decided and concluded by any Order or Certificate to be made by the Military Secretary, to the Government of the Presidency to which such Officer or Soldier shall have belonged, or by any other Person whom such Military Secretary shall authorize to act for that Purpose

on

What Debts to be deemed Regimental Debts, and to have Priority accordingly.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

on his Behalf, and all such Payments shall be good and valid in Law; and every Person who shall make any such Payment out of any such Arrears of Pay or other the Premises aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, or in pursuance of any such Order or Certificate as aforesaid, or into whose Hands any such Money shall come, shall be and is hereby indemnified for and in respect of such Payments, and all other Acts, Matters, and Things to be done in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act or of any such Order or Certificate, anything in any Acts or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

Regimental LXIII. All such Regimental Debts shall and may be paid without ^dwithout Pr°hate of any Will being obtained or any Letters of Administration Probate or or any Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative Adudifistra being taken out by any Person, and the Surplus only of such Arrears tion, and the of Pay or Allowances, Prize or Bounty Money, Equipage, Goods tS7lurl.v and Chattels, and other Effects to be collected and received as afore-the Personal said, or the Proceeds thereof, shall be deemed the Personal Estate of Estate to be the Deceased for the Payment of any Duty which may be claimable intered. respect of the same; and it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary Military aforesaid to order and direct the Payment or Distribution of any such Secretary to Surplus, to any Amount not exceeding One thousand Company's such Surplus Rupees, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Con-when not firmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Pay-l^wo'comment of any Duty; and it shall also be lawful for any Paymaster or pany's Ru- other Person to issue any Sum, not exceeding the Value of One pfobatcor111 thousand Company's Rupees, which may be due to any deceased Administra- Officer or Soldier, unto the Widow or Relative of any Officer or Duty-free Soldier deceased, or unto the Representative or Representatives of any such Officer's Widow or Relative in India, in like Manner, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty, the same to be paid to the Person who shall be notified by the said Military Secretary aforesaid as being entitled thereto or as being a proper Person to receive the same; and all such Payments respectively shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made by or to any Executor or Administrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, anything in any Act or Acts or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

Effects, &c. LXIV. Any Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of any Effects

tTbedeemed wh*ch shall he collected or received under the Authority of any

Assets in the Articles of War as aforesaid, if and when remitted to any Person

Place to under any Order of the said Military Secretary or to such Military which re- J

bccrciftryj

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66. 553

Mutiny (East India).

Secretary, shall hot, by' reason of coming to the Hands of such Person mitted so as or Military Secretary, be taken to be Assets or Effects in the Place Admfaiati*-to which such Proceeds or Surplus may be remitted, so as to render tion neces-it necessary that Administration should be taken out in respect 8ary' thereof; and it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary aforesaid to Power to order that such Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of any 'such Effects shall be remitted to any Place in, either to himself or to order Re-to any other Person or Persons by whom the same can more conveniently be paid over to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and any other the Obedience to the Orders of such Military Secretary in respect to in the Payment and Disposal of any such Effects, Proceeds, or Surplus of such Effects shall be a sufficient Discharge from all Actions, Suits, and Demands in respect thereof to all Persons to whose Hands any such Effects, Proceeds, or Surplus shall have come, and by whom the same shall have been paid and disposed of under the Order of such Military Secretary.

LXV. The Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of the Effects Mode of ad-collected or received under the Authority of any Articles of War as aforesaid, which shall remain after satisfying such Regimental Debts scribed, as aforesaid, and subject to any such Payment, Distribution, or Disposal thereof as is herein-before authorized, shall with all convenient Speed be transmitted to such Military Secretary as aforesaid by the Officers or Persons employed or required to take care of, collect, and receive the same, and such Military Secretary shall cause the same or the Surplus thereof remaining after satisfying such Debts, and subject to such Payment and Distribution as aforesaid, to be paid to the Executor or legal Representative (if in India) of such Officer or Soldier, or if there shall b<? no such Executor or legal Representative in India, or no such Executor or legal Representative shall within Twelve Months from the Death of such Officer or Officers claim such Surplus, then and in that Case such Military Secretary shall remit the said Surplus to the Court of Directors of the East India Company in London, to be by them paid to the Executor or legal Representative of such Officer or Soldier so deceased, and such Remittance at the End of Twelve Months as aforesaid shall be a Discharge to such Military Secretary from all Actions, Suits, and Demands in respect of such Surplus: Provided always, that the Registrar of Administrator General or Registrar of Her Majesty's several Supreme Courts in India shall not, nor shall any other Person by virtue of his take out Ad-Office, be required or entitled totakeout Letters of Adtinnistration ministration with the Will-annexed or otherwise in respect of such Surplus, nor in aDy Manner to interpose in relation thereto, unless expressly authorized so to do by the said Military Secretary and in all Cases in which the Surplus so to be remitted by the said Military Secretary 7 A to

Power to Her Majesty to make Provision for the Collection and Administration of the Effects of Deserters.

Where Troops are serving beyond the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Requests, Actions of Debt not exceeding 400 Company's Rupees to be cognizable by a Military Court.

Composition and Constitution of the Court prescribed.

President, &c. of Court to take the following Oath.

Powers of such Court defined.

20?> & 2J° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (EastJru^a).

to the said Court of Directors in London shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors to order and direct the Payment and Distribution thereof to such Persons as they shall determine to be entitled thereto, without any Probate, Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty.

LXVI. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Articles of War to be made by Her as aforesaid, to make Provision for .collecting any Effects of Deserters, and for Payment out of the same of any Regimental Debts and Quarters of the Deserters, and for carrying the Balance to the Credit of the East India Company for the Use of the said. Company, and all Questions respecting any such Regimental Debts may be determined and concluded in such Manner as hereinbefore is provided.

' ' ' . i

LXVII. In all Places where the said Company's Forces now are or may be employed, or where any Body of Her Majesty's Forces may be serving with the Forces of the said Company situate beyond the jurisdiction of any Courts of Requests, or other Courts for enforcing small Demands, established at the Cities of,

Madras, and Bombay respectively, Actions of Debt, and all personal Actions against Officers or against Persons licensed to act as Sutlers, or other Persons amenable to the Provisions of this Act not being Soldiers, shall be cognizable before a Court of Requests composed of Military Officers, and not elsewhere, provided the Value in question shall not exceed Four hundred Company's Rupees, and that the Defendant was a Person of the above Description when the Cause of Action arose, which Court the Commanding Officer of any Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment is hereby authorized and empowered to convene; and the said Court shall in all practicable Cases consist of Five Commissioned Officers, and in no Instance, of less than Three, and the President thereof shall in all practicable Cases be a Field Officer, and in no Case be under the Rank of a Captain, and every Member shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned Officer; and the President and Members assisting at any such Court, before any Proceedings be had before it, shall take the following Oath, which Oath shall be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having first taken the Oath; (that is to say,)

J swear, That I will duly administer Justice

according to the Evidence in the Matters that shall be brought ' before me. So help me GOD. '

And all Witnesses before any such Court shall be examined in the same Manner as in the Case of a Trial by Court-martial, and it shall

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66. 555

Mutiny (East India).

be competent for such Court, upon finding or awarding any Debt or Damage, either to award Execution thereof generally, oir to direct specially that the Whole or any Part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the Plaintiff out of any Part not exceeding One Half of any Pay or Allowance, or out of any'6ther Public Money which may respectively be coming to the Defendant in the current or any future Month or Months, or to direct the same to be so paid by Instalments; and in all Cases where the Execution shall be awarded generally the Debt, if not paid-forthwith, shall be levied by Seizure and public Sale of such of the Defendant's Goods and Property as may be found within the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment -under a written Order of the Commanding Officer, grounded on the Judgment of the Court; and all Orders of such Commanding Officer as to the Manner of such Sale, or the Person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any Goods and Property of the Defendant found within the Limits of the Camp,

Garrison, or Cantonment to which the Defendant shall belong at any subsequent Time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like Manner in satisfaction of any Remainder of such Debt or Damages; and if any Question shall arise whether any such Effects or Property are liable to be taken in execution as aforesaid, the Decision and Order of the said Commanding Officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient Goods shall not be found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment, then any Public Money or any Part not exceeding One Half of the Pay or Allowances . accruing to the Defendant shall be stopped in liquidation of such Debt or Damages; and if such Defendant shall not receive Pay as an Officer or from any Public Department, but be a Sutler, Servant, or Follower, he may be arrested by like Order of the Commanding .Officer, and imprisoned in some convenient Place within the Military Boundaries for any Period not exceeding Two Months, unless the Debt be sooner paid-; and the said Commanding Officer shall not, nor shall any Person acting on his Orders in respect of the Matters aforesaid, incur any Liability to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Act done by him in pursuance of the Provisions aforesaid; and in Cases where the said Court shall direct specially that the whole or any Part of the Debt or Damages shall be stopped and paid out of Part of any Pay or Allowances, or out of any Public Money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with such Direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such Action as aforesaid to be brought in the said Court by any Officer or Soldier against any Officer.

LXVIIL Any Action which shall be brought against any Person Term and for anything to be done; in pursuance of this Act ahaR be brought L, iD"tation

. °. of Actions, within

Mode of Procedure.

Mode of

receiving

Penalties.

One Moiety to Informer; Remainder to Military Secretary of the Presidency.

Punishment for giving false Testimony.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

within Six Months after the doing thereof; and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at the Presidencies in, or in the Courts of Record at Westminster or in, or the Court of Session

in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

LXIX. All Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed may and shall be sued for and be recoverable in any Court of Record at the said Presidencies or in any other Court in India in which under any Laws made or to be made in India the Penalty would be recoverable if the same had been incurred by the Offender in breach of any other Law: Provided always, that no Action shall be brought or Prosecution carried on by virtue of this Act for any such Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, unless the same be commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

LXX. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency to which the Court by whom the Penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, and shall abide the Disposal of such Military Secretary; and the Court which shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall immediately report the same to the said Secretary.

LXXI. In all Cases where any Oath is hereby required to be taken, or any Person is hereby required to be sworn, a Bolemn Declaration or Affirmation may be substituted, if by the Laws for the Time being in force in India such Declaration or Affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the Place of an Oath in case the Party were about to depose as a Witness in a Civil Action in any of the Supreme Courts at the Presidencies; and any Person wilfully

and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66. 557

Mutiny (East India).

and knowingly giving false Testimony on Oath, or solemn Declaration or Affirmation, in any Case wherein such Oath ion solemn Declaration or Affirmation shall have been made for the Purpose of this Act or any Proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force in England or by any Law in force in India any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to, and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of the Court,

LXXII. All Crimes and Offences .which have been committed Offences against the said Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the fomer* Mu-Reign of Her present Majesty herein-before mentioned, or against any tiny Acts of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been all existing committed against this Act; and every Warrant or Order for holding Proceedings,

° J % ° continued.

any Court-martial under the said Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant or Order shall be still continued: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against the said Act or this Act, or the Articles of War made or to be made by virtue of the same Acts or either of them, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant or Order for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

LXXIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect Her Majesty's Royal Prerogative of Mercy.

in any Manner Queen's Prerogative of Mercy not affected.

LXXIV. Nothing herein contained shall affect the Provisions of Not to affect an Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Doubts as to the Power of, , c. 18.

and confirming the Sentences of Courts-martial in the East Indies, and all the Provisions thereof shall, after the passing of this Act, apply and be in full Force and Effect, unless and except so far as the Provisions thereof may in any respect be inapplicable.

LXXV. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after Act to com-the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty- tJan°1858 7 B eight,

From and after 1st Jan. 1858, Provisions of 12 & 13 Vict. c. 43., and Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, to cease, except as herein provided.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (East India).

eight, and from and after such Day all Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act of the Twelfth and-Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, except as herein-after is particularly provided, shall cease and determine, and from and after the same Day the Articles of War made by Her Majesty in pursuance of the said Act shall cease and determine; provided nevertheless, that full Effect shall be given to the Provisions herein-before contained respecting the Punishment of Offences against the said former Act and otherwise as hereinbefore is mentioned, and that, so far as may be necessary to give full Effect to such Provisions, the said Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, and the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, shall be deemed to be in full Force; and provided also, that the Repeal of the same Act shall not operate to revive any former Act; and provided also, that the Provisions contained in the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, concerning or in any way relating to the Indian Navy, shall not be affected by this Act.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 66.

Mutiny (Eas India).

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Oath to be taken by the President and Members of

Courts-martial.

You shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

You shall duly administer Justice according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of the Forces of the East India Company, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion of the said Forces and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases; and you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved or published in Orders; neither shall you upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover any Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law.

So help you GOD

Form of Oath to be taken by the Judge Advocate (or Person

officiating as such).

I, , do swear, That I will not, upon any account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence' thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

ANNO VICE1SIM0 & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORI/F, REGINAE.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to extend the Time for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to complete Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by the Seventy-eighth Chapter of the Statutes 15 & 16 Vict, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present c* 78- Majesty Powers were vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to enable them to complete certain Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace, therein mentioned or referred to: And whereas by 16 & 17 Vict, the Forty-fourth Chapter of the Statutes made in the Sixteenth and c*44* Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty the Powers of the said Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty were enlarged, and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings were thereby authorized to purchase and take certain Hereditaments in the Schedule to the said Act mentioned, for the Purposes of the before-mentioned Improvements: And whereas the Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are Part of the Hereditaments which by the last before-recited Act were autho-7 C rized

Power to purchase the Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act.

[Short Title.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 67.

Pimlico Improvements.

rized to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Improvements, but which have not yet been purchased, and it is expedient that the Time for purchasing or taking the same shall be extended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, for the Purposes of the before-recited Acts and this Act, to purchase and* take all such of the Hereditaments comprised in the Schedule to this Act, or any Estate or Interest therein, as in their Opinion may be necessary fear making the stud Improvements |ind otherwise carrying into effect the Provisions of the before-recited Acts, and such Hereditaments may be purchased out of such Funds and in all respects as by the said recited Acts is provided, or out of such other Funds as Parliament may place at the Disposal of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, so that no Purchase shall be made after the Period of Two Years, to be computed from the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and all and singular the Powers and Authorities by the said herein-before recited Acts granted to or vested in the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to purchase, take, and use any Hereditaments or Parts thereof, or Rights or Interests therein, required for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Acts, and the Improvements thereby authorized to be made, and also the Powers for enabling Persons and Bodies to sell and convey, shall remain in force and be exercised by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in all respects as if the same were herein repeated and made applicable to the said Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased.

II. It shall be sufficient for all Purposes to cite this Act as " The Pimlico Improvement Act, 1857."

The

563

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 67.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

THE PARISH OF SAINT MARGARET IN THE, CITY AND LIBERTY OF WESTMINSTER IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

Stafford Place.

Number in Street Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

30 Dwelling House and Yard Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney, The Crown.

Jane Elizabeth Downing

Walker, the Crown.

31 Dwelling House and Yard Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney, Edward Roper.

Jane Elizabeth Downing

... _. Wftlkw, Hpnry Sngg _ _ . 

32 Dwelling House and Yard Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney, Charles Stubbles.

Jane Elizabeth Downing

Walker, Henry Busby.

33 Dwelling House and Yard Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney, George Law.

Jane Elizabeth Downing *

34 Dwelling House and Yard Walker, Henry Sugg J&jnes Holland.

35 Dwelling House and Yard Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney, Thomas Oliver.

- Jane Elizabeth Downing-

36 Dwelling House and Yard Crown Walker, Charles Pye William Hillier.

37 Dwelling House and Yard Joel, Pinney, Susannah Pinney, Joseph Pritchard.

Jane Elizabeth Downing

Walker, Adeline Papera.

38 Dwelling House and Yard 1 Rees Thomas.

39 Dwelling House, Shop, Henry Edwards.

and Yard.

40 Dwelling House, Shop, William Hart

and Yard. Joel Pinney, Susannah Pinney,

41 Dwelling House, Shop, - Jane Elizabeth Downing Empty.

and Yard. Walker -

53 Dwelling House and Yard Frederick Hughes Gascoyne.

54 Dwelling House and Yard Charles HounselL

55 Dwelling House and Yard Elizabeth Cotington.

56 Dwelling House and Yard L Thomas Carter.

100 Public Street - - The Board of Works for the Westminster District

and the Public.

THE PARISH OF SAINT GEORGE HANOVER SQUARE IN THE CITY AND LIBERTY OF WESTMINSTER IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

Dwelling

Dwelling

Dwelling

Dwelling

Dwelling

Dwelling

Dwelling House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard

Stafford Place.

The

Crown

Joel Pinney, Jane Elizabeth Downing Walker

I

Elizabeth Murrell. Thomas Botley. John Lead.

William Foy. Francis Strugnell. George Kitchener. William Kilminster.

Stafford Row.

12 Dwelling House, Shop," Thomas Bew - Frederick Berry.

and Yard. The Crown

IS Public House and Garden 1 r William Rackstraw'.

" The Gun Tavern." > William Rackstraw -

13 Dwelling House and Shop J 1 Charles Grover.

564 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 67.

Pimlico Improvements.

Number in Street Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

14 Dwelling House, Shop, and Garden. Edward Weatherley, # George Stevens. George Henry Stevens.

14a Garden at Back Edward Weatherley, George George Nisbet

Nisbet

15 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. Dwelling House, Shop, Charles Grover, James Booty - James Booty.

16 The Thomas Edy - Thomas Edy,

and Yard. Crown

17 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. John Imrie - John Imrie.

18 Dwelling House, Shop, and Yard. Adam Murgatroyd Adam Murgatroyd.

19 Dwelling House and Shop George Taylor George Taylor, David

Gilbert

Charlotte Street.

1 Dwelling House and Shop The Crown - Henry Rhodes, William Woolston. William Woolston.

101 Public Street The Vestry of Saint George Hanover Square and the Public.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Revising Barristers for the Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden

in the Second, and Third Years of the Reign of His late 2 & 3 w. 4. Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-eight, c'88-the Chairman of Sessions for the County of Dublin was empowered to register Voters for the City of Dubl, and to discharge the Duties of all Registries subsequent to the first by Deputy: And 13 & 14 Vict, whereas by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the c- 69, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, the said Chairman and his Deputy, having Jurisdiction under the said recited Act of King William the Fourth, were, and each of them was, empowered to hold a Court for the Purposes of the new Registration and the annual Revision of the Lists in the said Act of Her present Majesty mentioned:

And whereas by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the 14 & is Vict. Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, c* 57, Chapter Fifty-seven, the Lord Lieutenant was empowered, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the then Chairman of Sessions for 7 D the

16 & 17 Vict. c. 58.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to appoint Two

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 68.

Revising Barristers [Dublin).

the County of Dublin, to nominate and appoint an Assistant Barrister for the said County in the Place and Stead of a Chairman of Sessions, and also to nominate and appoint a practising Barrister, qualified as by the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty is provided, during good Behaviour, to discharge the Duties imposed upon the said Chairman by the said Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, with respect to the Registration of Voters in and for the City of Dublin, and subject to the like Provisions, with the like Powers, and to be remunerated in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Deputy of said Chairman: And whereas by an Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-eight, intituled " The Dublin Parliamentary Revising Act, 1853," it was recited, that by reason of the great Number of Persons claiming to be registered in and for the City of Dublin it was expedifent to empower the said Chairman of Sessions to appoint additional Deputies, and it was thereby enacted, that the said Chairman, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, should, by Warrant under his Hand, nominate and appoint any Number of Barristers of the Irish Bar not exceeding Three, of Six Years standing at the least, (to be called Revising Barristers,) to be in the Place and Stead of the said Chairman of Sessions in order, by Subdivision between them, to discharge the Duties imposed on the said Chairman by the said recited Acts of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth and Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty; but no Power was given to the Lord Lieutenant, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Chairman of the Sessions for the County of Dublin, to appoint more than One Barrister to discharge the Duties aforesaid: And whereas upon the Death of Henry Kemmis Esquire, late Chairman of Sessions for the County of Dublin, an Assistant Barrister for the said County was appointed, and the said Office of Chairman of Sessions for the said County has ceased to exist, and the Authority of the Deputies of the said Chairman has determined: And whereas by reason of the great Number of Claims and Objections to be disposed of in the Revision of the Lists and Registration of Voters for the City of Dublin it is necessary to make further Provision for the Purpose of securing a complete annual Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the said City: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

I. Instead of One Banister whom the Lord Lieutenant has Power to appoint, under Section One hundred and sixty-one of the said recited

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 68.

Revising Barristers (Dublin).

recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Barristers Majesty, the Lord Lieutenant shall have Power to appoint Two "ndeJ; ec;

 J. i, ., 0 . " tion 161 of

Barristers, qualified as by said Section is provided, to discharge the i4&i5 Vict.

Duties therein mentioned. c-57-

II. The Barristers so to be appointed shall be called " Powers,

Revising Barristers," and shall discharge the said Duties relating to R^nera^ the Registration of Voters for the City of Dublin as fully and tion of effectually as if the said Office of Chairman of the Sessions of the

Peace for the County of Dublin had continued, and the said Barristers had been appointed by the said Chairman under the said recited Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, and each Barrister so appointed shall be entitled to the Remuneration provided by Section One hundred and sixty-one ' of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty for the Barrister to be appointed under the said Section, such Remuneration to. be. paid out of such Monies as may be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

III. Upon any Vacancy by Death, Resignation, or Removal in the Vacancies in Office of any Revising Barrister so already appointed or to be from Time to Time appointed, the Lord Lieutenant shall have Power to Barrister to appoint a Barrister qualified as aforesaid to the Office of Revising be filled up> Barrister so becoming vacant.

IV. No Revising Barrister under this Act shall proceed to act as Oath to be such Revising Barrister until he shall have first taken the following Revising Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper or any Commis- Barrister be-sioner of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, who are fore acting' hereby respectively authorized to administer the same; that is to say,

J A.B. do swear, That I will execute the Office of Revising ' Barrister for the City of Dublin diligently, justly, and impartially,

and without Favour, Affection, or Malice; do equal Right to all the (Queen's Subjects that shall come within my Jurisdiction; and that I will in all Things, to the best of my Skill and Power, faithfully ' execute all the Duties imposed or that shall hereafter be imposed ' on me in virtue of such Office. So help me God. '

V. In case it shall appear, on Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Lord In case of Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland Abs^ceof for the Time being that any such Revising Barrister is unable, from Revising unavoidable Absence or Illness, to discharge his Duties as such Re- LotTow, vising Barrister, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Keeper, or cellor may any Commissioner of the Great Seal for the Time being to nominate

and appoint some other Barrister, qualified as by this Act is provided

in

Remuneration of Deputies.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 68.

Revising Barristers (Dublin).

in the Case of an original Appointment, to do the Duty of such Revising Barrister for such Time as such Illness or Absence shall continue; and every Person so appointed to do temporarily the Duty of a Revising Barrister shall have all and every the Powers and Authorities of such Revising Barrister during the Continuance of the Illness or Absence of such Revising Barrister.

VI. Every Barrister appointed temporarily to discharge the Duties of such Revising Barrister during the Illness or Absence of such Revising Barrister shall receive for the Discharge of such Duties the Remuneration to which such Dublin Revising Barrister would have been entitled had he discharged such Duties.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[25th August 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There, shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards There *h*u be making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service the *

of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the Sum of si^of " *he Sixteen million two hundred seventy-seven thousand four hundred }^79^482i and eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 7 E and

The Treasury may cause 16, 277, 482/.

15*. 9d. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 16, 277, 482/.

15*. 9 d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & f> W. & M. c. 20.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixteen million two hundred seventy-seven thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ninepence; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be^ made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixteen million two hundred seventy-seven thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ninepence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It

20°.& 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

IX. There shall and may be issued and applied for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven the Sum of Six hundred six thousand two hundred and thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Threepence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X. All

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may apply for the Service of the Year 1857 606, 234^ 4s. 3d. Surplus of Ways and Means.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

10 & 21 Vict c. 4.

There shall he issued 5, 782, 590/. for Navy Services; vis .:

1, 419, 4151 for Wages to 53, 700 Seamen and Marines, and 2,000 additional Seamen i

562, 198/1 for Victuals, &c. in the Navy, and for additional Seamen;

84, 217L for Salaries, &c. of the Admiralty Office;

118, 150/. for Coast Guard Service and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund

X. AH the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the Sum of Eight " Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year " One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven," and also the respective Sums of Sixteen million two hundred seventy-seven thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ninepence, and of Six hundred and six thousand two hundred and thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Threepence, by this Act granted, amounting in the Aggregate to the Sum of Twenty-four million eight hundred eighty-three thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five million seven hundred eighty-two thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds, for or towards the Navy Services hereinafter more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred nineteen thousand four hundred and fifteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Wages to Fifty-three thousand seven hundred Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, also of Wages to Two thousand additional Seamen, which will come in course of Payment during the Nine Months ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred sixty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, also for the Purchase of Provisions and Victualling Stores and other Charges for additional Seamen, which will come in course of Payment during the Nine Months ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight -hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-four thousand two hundred and seventeen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighteen thousand one hundred and fifty

Pounds,

20« & 2r> VICTORIA, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, and the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand and ninety-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-two thousand two hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty -first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums- of Money not exceeding Five hundred eighty-four thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred ninety-five thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds* to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred seventy-eight thousand four hundred and fifteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thou-7 F sand

Royal

Naval Coast Volunteers;

33, 09 U, for the Navy Scientific Departments;

92.224/. for Naval Establishments at home;

15, 423/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

584, 3901 for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

38*383/. for Wages of Artificers. &c. abroad;

895, 450/. for Naval Stores. &c .;

578, 4151 for New Works in Naval Establishments;

20,000*. for Medicine *, &c .;

46, 722*. for Naval Miscellaneous Services;

441, 6081 for Naval Half Pay, &c .;

278, 163*. for Military Pensions;

87, 682*. for Civil Pensions;

127,000*. for Freight of Ships, Conveyance of Troops, &c.

565, 0641 for Packet Service.

There shall be issued 2, 163, 115*. for Army Services, vis .:

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 09.

Consolidated Fund ().

sand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand seven hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred forty-one thousand six hundred and three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred seventy-eight thousand one hundred and sixty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand six hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and twenty-seven thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, Which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred sixty-five thousand and sixty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Packet Service which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

XII. Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million one hundred sixty-three thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing, Barrack Furniture, &c., Provisions, Forage, Fuel, and Light, and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea

Service,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Approp).

Service, and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-one 221, 8681 fop thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sums Arisen, &o. c.» necessary for defraying the Charge of the Wages of Artificers,

Labourers, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hun- 278, 5701 for dred seventy-eight thousand five hundred and seventy Pounds* to.

complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Clothing and Necessaries, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thirty-six thousand and nine hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum rack Furniture, necessary for defraying the Charge of Provisions, Forage, Fuel and &c-!

Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money 400, 191/. for not exceeding Four hundred thousand one hundred and ninety-one Land and s*a Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of SerTlCC: Warlike Stores for Land and Sea Service, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not yajaatfop exceeding One hundred sixty-three thousand one hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Fortifications at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 462, 45s! fop exceeding Four hundred sixty-two thousand four hundred and fifty- ^r^caM-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings and Barracks at home and abroad, which wfll come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 5, 976, 120/: for Money not exceeding Five million nine hundred seventy-six thousand s«^cevm .: one hundred and twenty Pounds, for defraying all the other Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million nine hundred twenty-one thousand and seventeen Pounds, to complete the Sum and stations necessary for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Allowances of Her EasTfodiw^' Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India, which

will

369, 055/. for Miscellaneous Charges at home and, abroad (except India);

36, 282/. for Volunteer Corps;

122, 909/. for Salaries, &c. of War Departments;

251, 238/. for

Manufacturing

Departments,

Military

Storekeepers,

Barrack

Masters, &c .;

147, 744/. for Educational and Scientific Branches;

17, 305/. for He wards for Military Service;

41, 994/, for Pav of General Officers;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 09.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred sixty-nine thousand and fifty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of the Miscellaneous Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand two hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-two thousand nine hundred and nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of the Departments of the Secretary of State for War, and of the General Commanding in Chief, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred fifty-one thousand two hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of the Manufacturing Departments, Military Storekeepers, Barrack Masters, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-seven thousand seven hundred and forty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary lor defraying the Charge of the Educational and Scientific Branches, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand three hundred and five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Rewards for Military Service, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of the Pay of General Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated. Fund (Appro).

sand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums 378, 706/. for of Money not exceeding Three hundred seventy-eight thousand seven Retired hundred and six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying 0fflce"5 the Charge of the Pay of reduced and retired Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums 127, 378/. for of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-seven thousand three Widows, and hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for lu acT*1* defraying the Charge of Pensions to Widows of Officers, and of Allowances on the Compassionate List, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 3i, 86oi for exceeding Thirty-one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three Pounds, tuities, &c. to to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Pensions officere*! and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money 20, 941/. for not exceeding Twenty thousand nine hundred and forty-one Pounds, of CMseaond to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or 776, 688/.for Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred seventy-six thousand or'che^*" six hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary Hoap, tal'&c-: for defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and 83, oooo/.for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-three thousand tlor^'Se-Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for defraying the Charge of l'nr^sfllow' Superannuation and Retired Allowances, which will come in course of '

Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money 450, 00a/. for not exceeding Four hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of ^£dfor Money not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, to defray Militia. Charges for the Embodied Militia, which will come in course of Payment in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

7 G XIII. Out

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

issued40000/ XIII. Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there

for Marriage shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money WnceL°Royai. not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion of Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal.

ironed 900 oooo/ XIV. Out of all or any1 the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall for Persian and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not

Expedition. excee<Jing Nine hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Reimbursement to the East India Company of a Moiety of the Extraordinary Expenses of the Expedition to Persia.

isroeif 400^000/ XV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall

for Naval and and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not Operations in exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, towards defraying the China. Expense of the Naval and Military Operations in China, beyond the ordinary Grants for Navy and Army Services.

There shall he XVI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall

for Account of and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not forChinsTny exceeding Five hundred ninety thousand six hundred and ninety-three Expedition. Pounds, for the Adjustment of the Account with the East India Company for the Expenditure in connexion with the late War in China.

There shall be XVII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall

issued 100,000l., ., , , rl o,

for Cmi Con- and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not

tingenaes. exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Contingencies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

Civil. Services. Class 1.

There shall be issued 39, 691/. for Repair of Royal Palaces, See .;

60, 38G/. for Maintenance, &c. of Public Buildings, temporary Accommodation, &c .;

36, 069/. for Furniture for Public Departments;

Civil Services.  Class 1.

XVIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied anj^ Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand six hundred and ninety-one Pounds, for the Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces, for One Year from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand three hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for Maintenance and Repair of Public Buildings, for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same, for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Public Departments and Charges attendant thereon, for One Year, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and sixty-

nine

579

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

nine Pounds, to defray the Charge for Supply and Repair of Furniture in the various Public Departments, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, ending Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-five thousand seven hundred and eighty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expense of maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal Parks, Pleasure Grounds, &c., and other Charges connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred two thousand eight hundred and sixty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Works and Expenses at the New Houses of Parliament, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pay of the Establishment and the necessary Works at Port Patrick Harbour, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expense of repairing and maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand one hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Works and Establishment of Kingstown Harbour, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, on account of the Works at the new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and twenty-four thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of constructing certain Harbours of Refuge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

75, 781/. for Repair of Royal Parks, &c .;

102, 861/. for New Houses of Parliament;

443*. for Port Patrick Harbour;

77, 557*. for Public Buildings in Department of Public Works in Ireland;

15, 100*. for Kingstown Harbour.

120,000*. for Holyhead Harbour; '

224,000*. for Harbours of Refuge.

Civil Services.  C2. Cim Sirv.ck.

Clan 2.

XIX. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there TLuJ-^7, shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not be issued

t gy 9671 for

exceeding Eighty-seven thousand nine hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, salaries, &e. of

to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Two Houses of u^t.of Par '

Parliament, and Allowances to the retired Officers, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any 35.171/. for the

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand one hundred and seventy-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Department' of Her Majesty's

Treasury,

16, 466/. for the Home Department;

45, 169/. for the Foreign Department;

20, 160/. for Department of Colonies;

46, 426/. for Privy Council, Railway and Marine Departments, & c .;

1, 700/. for Establishment of Lord Privy Seal, &c .;

11, 510/. for Paymaster General's Department;

4, 218/. for Department of Comp. Gen. of Exchequer;

18, 614/. for Office of Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings;

15, 145/. for Office of Woods, Forests, &c .;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund ).

Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand four hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand one hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and also of the Queen's Messengers and extra Couriers attached to that Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand one hundred and sixty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand four hundred and twenty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and Committee of Privy Council for Trade, including the Railway and Marine Departments, and the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, and the Expenses of his Establishment, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand five hundred and ten Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eighteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand six hundred and fourteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand one hundred and forty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, to the Thirty-first Day

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated, Fund (Approp

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and 13, 876/for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand eight Department hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to Spwoffice-, pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Public Records, including the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty* eight; and any Sum or Sums of 217, 240/. for Money not exceeding Two hundred seventeen thousand two hundred orttorLnwsj and forty Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money 36, mt for the not exceeding Thirty-six thousand one hundred and ninety-five Pounds, '

to defray the Charge of the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses of the Coinage, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money 14, 995/.for not exceeding Fourteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-five Pounds, ^Srsofof to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses of Factone»> &c-: the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or 6, 054/ for Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand and fifty-four Pounds, to pay the Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer and Offices in Scotland, of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Charges, formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray Lieutenant of the Charge of Salaries for the Officers and Attendants of the House- K hold of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of 15, 358/ for Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand three hundred and fifty-eight tary.&c., Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Irela, ld 5 Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand 5, 118/for one hundred and eighteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of the Department of the Paymaster of Civil Services Ireland s in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding i, 783Z for One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to complete of the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of A8yIam6: the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum 15, 997/ for or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand nine hundred and wwk^ireUndl ninety-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and-Expenses of the Board of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six 7 H thousand

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

26, 575/. for Department of Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts; 11, 753/. for Copyhold, &c. Commission;

8, 130/. for Imprest Expenses of Copyhold, &c. Commission *,

26, 300/. for General Register Office, England and Wales;

2, 432* for General Register Office, Dublin;

4, 085* for Department of Registrar Gen-end of Births, etc. Edinburgh;

8, 921* for National Debt Office;

1, 805/. for Public Works Loan Commission;

1, 170* for West India Islands Relief Commission;

1, 320* for Lunacy Commission;

684* for General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales;

thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the .Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight ,; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Imprest Expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts of the Copyhold Inclosure and Tithe Commission, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the General Register Office, England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand four hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the General Register Office, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and eighty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and five Pounds ', to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Establishment under the West India Islands Relief Commissioners, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Contingent Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand &ight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent

20° & 21° VICTORIA; Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Approp).

of County Roads in South Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums 1*659t for

o hjt ° J Department of

oi Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and fifty-nine Friendly Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salaries and B^gUnd; 1" Expenses in the Department of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums 22,000l. for of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Pounds, to complete other Secret the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign Sl'nriccs; and other Secret Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of 300, 745/. for Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand seven hundred and ^pTbilc' &° forty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the 1)e Partments: Expense of Stationery, Printing, and Binding, for the several Public Departments, and for Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any 88, 045/. for Sum or Sums of-Money not exceeding Eighty-eight thousand and E^rTon the forty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge Public Sernce-for Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

Civil Services.  Class 3.

XX. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray Law Charges, and the Salaries, Allowances, and Incidental Expenses in the Office of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, also the Salary and Allowance of Counsel for advising the Treasury on Matters relating to the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray to- the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expenses of Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers under the Criminal Justice Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and five thousand nine hundred and eighty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray certain Charges connected with the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the Crown Office, Chancery, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money

not

Civil Services.

Class 3.

There shall he issued 24, 130/. for Office of Solicitor to the Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, &c.

250,000l. for Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions;

105.9S0/. for Police in Counties and Boroughs in England tnd Wales;

1, 140/. for Crown Office, Chancery;

2, 140/L for Crown Office, Queen's Bench;

16, 319/. for Expenses incurred by Sheriffs and Deficiency of Fees in the Exchequer; 6, 480/. for Department of Registrar of the Admiralty;

7, 226/. for Insolvent Debtors Court;

109, 062/. for Treasurers of County Courts;

19, 625/. for Police Courts of the Metropolis;

63, 645/. for Metropolitan Police;

2, 715/. for Queen's Prison;

2, 342/. for Lord Advocate and Solicitor General, Scotland;

11, 767/. for Salaries, Court of Session, Scotland;

10, 029/. for Court of Justiciary, Scotland;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund ().

not exceeding Two thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the Crown Office, Queen's Bench, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand three hundred and nineteen Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expenses incurred by Sheriffs, and the Deficiency of the Fees in the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer in the Exchequer; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar of the Admiralty, and the Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Commissioners and other Officers, and the Expenses of the Insolvent Debtors Court, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and nine thousand and sixty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the County Courts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Police Courts of the Metropolis, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-three thousand six hundred and forty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expenses of the Metropolitan Police, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred and fifteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Queen's Prison, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for the Salaries of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General, Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Eleven thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Session in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand and twenty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Consolidated Fund (Appro).

exceeding Five thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the 5, 550 for Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions carried on under the Authority of seditions by the Lord Advocate, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand LordAdvo'atei eight hundred and fifty-eight: and any Sum or Sums of Money not i.°8o/. for cer-

°, i 1 tain Officers in

exceeding One thousand and eighty Pounds, to complete the Sum the Exchequer necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Legal Branch of m Scotl#ndi the Exchequer in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money 50,000 for not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first seditions, &c. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the m Scotland-Charge of Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries, and the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Sheriff Courts in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not wsAfor^ exceeding Seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to Fiscal in Scot-complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of such of the *andi Procurators Fiscal in Scotland as are no longer paid by Fees, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand 6, 553/. for five hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary g^Tri^?lerka' to defray the Salaries of such of the Sheriff Clerks, Scotland, as are not chargeable on the Revenues of Customs and Excise, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thou- 2, 200/. for sand two hundred Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Salary ScoUand! of the Solicitor of the Crown, and Expenses in Matters of Tithes, and the Expenses of the Agent of the Officers of State in maintaining Rights of the Crown in Civil Actions, &c. in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand n, °c7/. for and sixty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray gisterHow, the Salaries and Expenses of the several Officers in Her Majesty's Edinburgh; General Register House, Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum 739/. for or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and thirty-nine comnS£of Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and ^[*^.Edi"' Expenses in the Department of the Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding i, 878ifor One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray Ac^unumUtf the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Accountant in Bankruptcy in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of 51, 4701 for Money not exceeding Fifty-one thousand four hundred and seventy seditions, Pounds, to defray the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions and other IreIaDdi Law Charges in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money 7 I not

6, 979/. for Court of Chancery, Ireland;

1, 778/. for Court of Queen's Bench, Ireland;

1, 801/. for Court of Common Pleas, Ireland;

1, 510/. for Court of Exchequer, Ireland;

100/. for Clerk to Taxing Officers for Law Courts, Ireland;

3, 282/. for Registrars to Judges, Ireland;

1, 7881 for Office for Registration of Judgments in Ireland;

200/. for Fees to Advocates, Court of Delegates, Ireland;

1, 866/. for Salaries, &c. of Insolvent Debtors Court, Ireland;

1671 for Salary of Clerk to Court of Errors, Ireland;

1, 100/. for Salaries of Police Justices, Dublin;

20° & 21° VICTORIA; Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

not exceeding Six thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers of the Court of Chancery in Ireland formerly charged on the Consolidated Fund, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred and ten Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salary of the Clerk to the Taxing Officers for the Three Law Courts, Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray certain Salaries and the incidental Expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Fees to Advocates appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Insolvent Debtors Court in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salary of the Clerk to the Court of Errors in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred Pounds, to complete! the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries of the Police Justices of

Dublin

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69

Consolidated Fund ().

Dublin Metropolis, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred ninety-four thousand eight hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea Prison, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand five hundred and four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Inspection and General Superintendence over all the Prisons in the United Kingdom, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred twenty-six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge of Government Prisons and Convict Establishments at Home, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-three thousand five hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, Reformatory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums, and the Expenses of the Removal of Convicts, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-three thousand eight hundred and fifteen Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with the Transportation of Convicts, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred fifty-nine thousand four hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Convict Establishments in the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

Civil Services.  Class 4.

XXI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred sixty-one thousand two hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Public Education in Great Britain, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-eight thousand eight hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses

of

24, 500/. for Metropolitan Police, Dublin;

394, 820*. for Constabulary Force, Ireland;

!, 479/. for Four Courts, Marshalsea, Dublin;

11, 504/. for General Superintendence of Prisons, &c .;

426, 670*. for Government Prisons and Convict Establishments at home;

183, 523*. for Maintenance of Prisoners and Removal of Convicts;

43, 815/. for Transportation of Convicts;

259, 405/. for Convict Establishments in the Colonies.

Civil Services. Class 4.

There stall be issued 361, 233/. for Public Education in Great Britain;

48, 8551 for Department of Science and Art, and Geological Surreys

of the United Kingdom *,

143, 0302. fop Education, Ireland;

405/. for Salary of Secretary to Commissioners of Education, Ireland;

3, 602/. for London University;

5, 010/. for Grants to Scot' dsh Universities;

1, 625/. for Queen's University, Ireland;

3, 200L for Expenses, Queen's Colleges, Ireland;

300L for Royal Irish Academy;

200L for Royal Hibernian Academy;

46, 400/. for Salaries and Expenses of British Museum;

29, 314/. for new Buildings, &c. at British Museum;

944/. for Purchases for British Museum;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

of the General Management of the Department of Science and Art, of the Schools throughout the Kingdom in connexion with the Department, and of the Geological Surveys of Great Britain and Ireland, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-three thousand and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Public Education in Ireland, under the Charge of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay the Salary of the Secretary and the Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand six hundred and two Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the University of London, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand and ten Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay Grants to Scottish Universities, formerly defrayed from the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expenses of the Queen's University in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray certain Expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three, hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Irish Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand four hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum Establishment, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of New Buildings and Fittings at the British Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and forty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to

enable

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Approp).

enable the Trustees of the British Museum to defray the Expenses incurred for the Purchase of Objects for the Museum; and any Sum. MjWstfor or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand one hundred Gallery; and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and thirty-nine servatone«, 4c .; Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of Magnetic Observations abroad, including the Superintendent's Establishment at Woolwich, also, for Observations and Services under the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, and for Meteorological Observations at Sea, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed- sooz. for Royal ing Five hundred Pounds, to enable the Royal Geographical Society s<3etyfhical to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to enable the Royal Society, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, to carry on certain Experiments for public Objects; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum Academical necessary to pay the Salaries of the Theological Professors and the InstItation'&c-Incidental Expenses of the General Assembly's College at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

Civil Services.  Class 5.

XXII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies and certain other Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand 7 K four

Civil SEavicss, Class 5.

There shall be issued 3, 050/. for Civil Establishment of the Bermudas;

6, 878/. for Ecclesiastical Establishment, British N1A. Provinces;

3, 541/. for Indian Department inCanada;

24, 728/. for Salaries of Governors, &c. of West India Colonies, &c .;

21, 450/. for Salaries, &c. of Stipendiary Justices in

W.I. Colonies tnd the Mauritius;

10, 230/. for Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa;

19, 609/. for 6t Helena;

960/1 for Heligoland;

3, 831/.for Falkland Islands;

6, 7001 for Labuan;

10,000l. for Kong Kong;

13, 424/. for Emigration Board, &c .;

2, 175/. for Emigration in Canada and New Brunswick;

12,000L for Support of captured Negroes, &c.j

11, 050/. for Commissioners for suppressing the Slave Trade;

123, 089£fbrthe Consular Establishments abroad;

2D' & 21° VICTORIA; Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

four hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius, to the Thirty-first Day of March Otie thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand six hundred and nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray Charges connected with the Island of Saint Helena, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Heligoland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand eight hundred and thirty-one Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Falkland Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of Labuan, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum of Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to defray Expenses occasioned to the Colony of Hong Kong, for Measures of Precaution and Defence consequent upon the State of Affairs in China, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand four hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Emigration Board, and of the Emigration Officers at the different Ports of this Kingdom, also to defray certain Expenses connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and' any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand one hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to pay the Balance due to the Commissariat Chest on account of Emigration Expenses incurred in Canada and New Brunswick; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, Expenses incurred for the Support of Captured Negroes and Liberated Africans, and other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand and fifty Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-five thousand and eighty-nine Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Consular Establishments abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March

One

30* & %1?VICTORIA, Cap. 69,

Consolidated Fund (.).

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum, or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hjmdred and fifty-eight.

Civil Services.  Class 6.

XXIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and nine thousand eight hundred and forty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge of Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and fifty-eight Pounds, to enable Her Majesty to grant Relief, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the National Vaccine Establishment, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, towards the Support of "The Refuge for the Destitute," to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary for Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees, and Allowances to distressed Spaniards, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eighty-one Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, 8tcn and for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, to the Treasurers of Public Infirmaries in Ireland, the Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Lying-in Hospital,

22, 500/1 for

Missions

abroad.

Civil Services.

Class 6.

There shall be issued 109, 842/. for Superannuations, &c. to Public Officers;

2, 058/. for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

1, 300/. for National Vaccine Institution;

325/. for " The Refuge for the Destitute

2, 680/. for Polish Refugees and distressed Spaniards;

4, 281/. for Miscellaneous Allowances;

1, 895/. for Public Infirmaries, Ireland;

3, 135/. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital. Dublin;

700L for Lying-in Hospital, Dublin;

592

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

300/. for Coombe Lying-In Hospital;

J , 600/. for Hospital,

House of Industry, Dublin;

2, 500/. for House of Recovery, and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin;

4001 for Meath Hospital, Dublin:

150/. for St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin;

1, 805/. for Dr. Steevens* Hospital, Dublin;

427/. for Board of Superintendence of Hospitals, Dublin;

4, 338/. for Charitable Allowances, &c., Ireland;

39, 008/. for Protestant Dissenting Ministers, Ireland.

Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exeeding Three hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Coombe Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand six hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Expense of the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of the Meath Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary towards defraying the Expense of Saint Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and five Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of Doctor Steevens' Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and twenty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand three hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, Charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies^ &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand and eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of Non-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

Civil, soviets. Civil Services.  Class 7 *

Class 7.

m  XXIV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall

There shall be j rc

issued 7, i25/. and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not Board6of1 exceeding Seven thousand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to a*4hh! complete the Sum required to defray the Expense of the General

Board

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

593

Board of Health, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 2, 5431 for exceeding Two thousand five hundred and forty-eight Pounds, to coma^Snew complete the Sum required to defray a Portion of the Expenses of EngUnd: the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum n.osoifor or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand and eighty Pounds, fo?m" to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Salaries waiesf and and Expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Miu for nine hundred and eleven Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Salaries commission, and Expenses of the Statute Law Commission, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine Commissioner*; hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Salaries and Expenses of the Civil Service Commissioners, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex- 3, 524c for ceeding Three thousand five hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Salaries and won*! Expenses of sundry temporary Commissions, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum sorest for or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand nine hundred and &c. payable eighty-eight Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Stentiiw Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations -payable under the ^endment Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and 8, 843/. for any Sum or Sums or Money not exceeding Eight thousand eight hundred and forty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum required ScoU"d: to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 2,000 for exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first *° Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Charge on account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland, in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union; 5,0001 for and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand of Pounds, on account of the Commissioners of Highland Roads and Brid^ef"d Bridges, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not jo^oMor exceeding Ten thousand Poimds, to pay the Bounties on Slaves and suv* and the Tonnage Bounties on Slave Vessels captured, to the Thirty-first ^redT* Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any i, 3oot for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred And^tUw* Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Commission appointed to of Iwlwidi 7 L superintend

9,000l. for Pay of Process Servers, Ireland;

65, 800/. for Pensions to r Masters and Seamen, &c. under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act;

1, 593/. for Registration of Joint Stock Companies;

1, 783/. for Registration of Designs Office;

40,000l. for Payments under Treaties of Reciprocity;

4, 500/. for Inspectors of Com Returns, &c .;

20,000l. for distressed Seamen abroad;

3, 600/. for Expenses of Quarantine Arrangements;

11, 850/. for Revising Barristers in England and Wales;

2, 8921 for Constabulary Police at Military Camp, Aldershott;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

superintend the Publication of the Ancient Laws and Institutes of Ireland, and for the Publication of the Volumes of Laws and Institutes, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Pay of the Process Servers in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day-of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-five thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge for Pensions to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows and Children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund, Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Office for the Registration of Joint Stock Companies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Expenses in the Registration of Designs Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge for Payments on account of the Difference of Dues payable by British or Foreign Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand five hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries of Inspectors of Com Returns, and the Expenses defrayed by Counties for Cora Returns, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Charges on account of distressed British Seamen abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeditig Two thousand eight hundred and ninety-two Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Constabulary Police at the Military Camp of Aldershott, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

20° & 21° VICTORIA; Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

ing Two thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Expenses of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand six hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, for ordinary Maintenance and Repairs to British Embassy Houses, &e. abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and fifty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Salaries of certain Professors in the University of Cambridge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; - and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand seven hundred and thirty Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray the Charge for the Salaries and Expenses of the Incumbered Estates Commission, Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand and sixty Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expense of erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Cost of an Expedition for the Purpose of exploring the Region of British North America which lies along the Parallels of Forty-nine and Fifty Degrees North Latitude, and from One hundred to One hundred and fifteen Degrees West Longitude; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Cost of the Expedition to the Niger and other Rivers of Africa, under the Charge of Dr. Baikie; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Charge for Half Salary payable to the Officers lately employed in the Settlement of the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Hope); and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Cost of executing Public Works, maintaining Educational and Benevolent Institutions, and promoting Civilization among the Native Tribes in South Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Cost attending the Removal to Norfolk Island of the Descendants of the Mutineers of the " Bounty," heretofore resident at Pitcairn Island; and any Sum or

Sums

2,000l. for Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales;

6, 679/. for British Ambassadors* Houses abroad;

1, 053/. for certain Professors at Cambridge;

13, 730/. for Incumbered Estates Commission, Ireland;

37, 060/. for Lighthouses abroad;

5,000L for Exploring Part of British North America;

19, 325/. for Dr. Baikie*s Expedition to certain Rivers in Africa;

1,000l. for Arrangements connected with Orange River Territory;

40,000l. for promoting Civilization, &c. among Native Tribes in South Africa;

5, 580/. for Removal of Pitcairn Islanders;

7, 550/ for Collection of Agricultural Statistics in Ireland and Scotland;

6,000/ for Freight of Specie to Commissariat Stations abroad;

2,000l. for Formation of a Portrait Gallery;

2000/ for Inquiry into Ravages of Cholera in West Indies;

500/. for Works at Spurn Point, River Humber;

10.000/ for the London Diocesan Church Building

Society;

10, 300/. for Fortifications at Corfh;

2,000/ for Testimonial to Duke of Wellington in Phmnix Park;

1, 500/ for adjusting Boundaries^cc., Ireland;

3, 970/ for Preservation of Public Records;

24,000/ for Completion of Suspension Bridge at Chelsea;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, for defraying, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Cost of collecting Agricultural Statistics in Ireland and Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, to complete the Sum required to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Charge for Freight of Specie conveyed to the various Commissariat Stations abroad, including Expenses of Shipment; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards the Formation, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons in British History; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expenses connected with the Inquiry into the Ravages of the Cholera in the West Indies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Cost of certain Works at Spurn Point, River Humber, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, as a Contribution, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, on the Part of the Crown, towards the Fund of the London Dioces&n Church Building Society, for building additional Churches and Parsonage Houses; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand three hundred Pounds, to enable the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands to carry out a Plan for improving the Fortifications at Corfu, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards the Completion of the Testimonial to the Duke of Wellington in the Phoenix Park, Dublin, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Expense of adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, and Parishes in Ireland, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, to complete, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Expense of providing and fixing Wire Doors, Ends, and Divisions to the Presses, for the better Security of the Records and Documents in the General Repository for Public Records; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Pounds, for the Completion of the Suspension Bridge over the Thames at Chelsea, in the Year ending

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and ten Pounds, for the Completion of the Pimlico Improvements, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day ot March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, towards the Purchase of a Site for the proposed New Public Offices, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not .exceeding Seven thousand five hundred Pounds, towards the Erection, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, of a New Building, to contain additional Accommodation for Public Offices in connection with Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh.

Revenue Departments.

XXV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred seventy-five thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred seventy-nine thousand one hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenseis of the Inland Revenue Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-three thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Revenue Police, Ireland, and " Seamew " Steamer, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred sixty-eight thousand one hundred and eighty-one Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charges for Post Office Services, and the Collection of the Revenue, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Stuns of Money not exceeding Three hundred twenty-three thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum necessary to defray the Charge for Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other Non-effective Charges, in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

7 M XXVI. So

27, 810/. for Completion of Pimlico Improvements;

80,000L for Purchase of Site of proposed New Public Offices;

7, 500/. for additional Accommodation in connection with General Register House, Edinburgh.

There shall be issued 575, 482/, for Customs Department;

979, 133/. for Inland Revenue Department;

43, 120/. for Revenue Police, Ireland, and "Seamew" Steamer;

1, 268, 181/. for Post Office, &c .;

323, 150/. for Superannuations, Pensions, &c.

Application of Sums granted by this Act and Act of last Session,

Cap. 20.

Expenditure for Navy and Army Services respectively to be confined to the separate Services for which granted.

Treasury may, on Application alter the proportionate Amounts for such separate Services, provided the total Grant to each "Department be not exceeded.

20'.&2l? VICTORIA, Cap. 69.

Consolidated, Fund (Appropriation).

XXVI. So much of the Act Twentieth Victoria, Chapter Twenty, as limits or restricts the Issue or Application of the several Sums granted to Her Majesty to the Services voted in that Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the Sums granted by the said Act and those granted by this Act shall and may be issued and applied generally to any Use, Intent, or Purpose mentioned in or to defray any Payment directed to be satisfied by this Act, or by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty, aUything in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act, and by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, for Navy and Army Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sums of Five million seven hundred eighty-two thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds, granted by this Act, and of Three million three hundred and ninety thousand Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, for Naval Services; and in the Sums of Two million one hundred sixty-three thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds granted by this Act, and of One million and eighty-two thousand Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, for defraying the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing, Barrack Furniture, &c., Provisions, Forage, Fuel, and Light, and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea Service, and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad; and in the Sums of Five million nine hundred seventy-six thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds granted by this Act, and of Two million six hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds granted by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, for all other Army Services: Provided always, that if the Exigencies of the Public Service shall render it indispensably necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the separate Services comprised in the said aggregate Sums granted by this Act for Naval Services or for Army Services, the Department in which such Necessity shall have arisen shall represent the Circumstance which may have led to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and it shall be lawful for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect being signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sums of Nine million one hundred seventy-two

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated, Fund (Appropriation).

thousand five hundred and ninety Pounds granted by this Act and by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, for Naval Services, or the aggregate Sums of Three million two hundred forty-five thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eight million six hundred forty-eight thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds for the respective Army Services specified, shall not be exceeded: Provided also, that there shall be laid before the House of Commons, with the Navy and Army Estimates for each Year, a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to any Alteration in the Sums appropriated to the respective Votes aforesaid, during the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of December of the preceding Year, together with Copies of the Representations made to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the said Departments.

XXVIII. And as to the Sums of Two hundred and eighty-two Rules to be thousand Pounds, being the Proportion of the Sum of Three hundred A^u^oVof seventy-eight thousand seven hundred and six Pounds by this Act, ^prising' and of One hundred and forty-two thousand Pounds, being the Half Pay. Proportion of the Sum of One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds by the Act of last Session, Chapter Twenty, appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers which are applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Colonies or PossessionsJ beyond the Seas, except on the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (

the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment 6f Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay, or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary-at-War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary-at-War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond

the

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, Ac.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (App).

the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through the Secretary-at-War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with tary officer* Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Case*. Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

m

Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for Payment of Half Pay, without the requisite Oaths, indemnified.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 105.

Half Pay allowed to Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

XXX. And whereas a considerable Part of the Money appropriated on account of Half Pay by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to " apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of " Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in " this Session of Parliament," has been issued without requiring by Persons issuing or paying, and without the taking by the Persons receiving Half Pay, the Oaths or Declarations prescribed to be taken by Officers claiming Half Pay, and Part of the said Monies has been paid to Officers claiming or entitled to, Half Pay, who at the same Time held and may still hold the Situations of and serve respectively as Surgeons, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, or Privates in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, and it is expedient that all such Persons should be indemnified: Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons concerned in the advising, authorizing, or directing the issuing or in the issuing of any Half Pay, or any Monies for Half Pay, or in the Application of any Money appropriated by the said Act for that Purpose, or in receiving or being concerned in receiving any Portion of the Money so appropriated for such Half Pay, without requiring or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, or to or on account of any such Officers or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby fully exonerated and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Prosecutions, or Proceedings in respect of anything done in relation thereto, in all Cases in which such Half Pay, or Payment for or in respect of such Half Pay, shall have been or may hereafter be issued or received in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and the Uses heretofore established or observed in relation to the issuing, paying, and receiving of Half Pay in all other respects, except so far as relates to the demanding, requiring, or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, and all such Payments and Issues of Half Pay which shall have been or may be issued to any such Person as aforesaid shall be deemed valid and effectual Payments, and the Paymaster General, and all other Persons concerned in the issuing and paying the same, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified, and shall be and are hereby fully discharged and exonerated; in respect thereof, in all Accounts relating to such Issues and Payments, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Laws, Rules, or Regulations, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation contained in the Letter of Service under which they were raised that they should be allowed to received any Half Pay to which they might be entitled, notwithstanding their holding Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps, but no Provision has been made by Parliament for Payment ... of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69. 603

Consolidated Fund (Approp).

of such Half Pay, and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be now made for the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as aforesaid:

Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who were entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwithstanding their having held the Full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have been allowed to receive the same, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before any Person hereby authorized to administer a Declaration to Persons for the Purpose of receiving Half Pay, that they had not in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officer of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

XXXII. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been Hair Pay

i tt in n i it i xt ic* Allowances to

placed upon Halt Pay have not been allowed to receive such Halt chaplains of Pay in some Years in consequence of being in possession at the Time h^h^Eoei^ of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted,

That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Nine- SurpiM^Sum teenth and Twentieth Year of Her present Majesty the several c7l05. appro-Supplies which had been granted to Her Majesty as therein men- pay'offiMrato tioned were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein He?°M^«rty expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex- shall direct, ceeding Three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds in the whole,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 69.

Consolidated Fund (.

whole, was appropriated to be paid on account of Half Pay for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of that said Half Pay'as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That so much of the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise Her Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual as shall be signed in that Behalf, anything in this Act or the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Widow *, &&

XXXIV. And as to the Sum of One hundred and twenty-seven

iiong 'tcfiMke thousand three hundred and seventy-eight Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

peci&rationi to XXXV. Any such Declaration shall and may be made and sub-

be made aa J J

pacified in scribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the

16jfW'4 Peace, Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to provide for the Extension of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as Voters for Municipal Purposes.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide Means whereby Property situated without the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland may, in Terms of the Votes of the Persons interested therein, be included within the same: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Any Ratepayers, to the Number of Twelve or more, in respect Ratepayer* of Lands and Heritages situated beyond the existing Boundaries of to

any Royal or Parliamentary Burgh in Scotland, may present a Peti- the Sheriff tion to the Sheriff of the County in which such Burgh or Part of a for Exten-Burgh is situated, praying him to take the Steps provided by this Act j^°^Boun' for extending the Boundaries of the Burgh to the Extent to be specified Burgh.

, in such Petition; and the Sheriff shall, within Three Weeks from the Date of the Presentation thereof, define and specify, in a written Deliverance on the Petition, such Boundaries, which shall include an Area Two Thirds of which is wholly or partially built on or laid out for building, as in his Opinion would be suitable for the extended Boundaries of the Burgh, and the same shall be thereafter published 7 0 by

606

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 70.

Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland).

by Advertisement in such Manner as the Sheriff shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of any unbuilt-on Land within the proposed extended Boundaries, or to the Police Committee of the County to be appointed in Terms of any Act passed during the present Session of Parliament, within One Month after the last Advertisement so appointed, to appeal by Note of Appeal to any One of the Lords Ordinary of the Court of Session, who. shall have Power, in a summary Way, to dispose of such Appeal, after such Inquiry as to him shall seem fit; and the Judgment of such Lord Ordinary, dismissing such Appeal or sustaining the same in whole or in part, shall be final and conclusive.

Sheriff to call II. On the Lapse of One Month from the last Advertisement as

Meeting of aforesaid without any Appeal having been taken, or in the event of totKSL an APPeal having been so soon as the same shall have been

sideration of disposed of, the Sheriff shall, except where the Lord Ordinary shall Extensic^of 0n such APPeal bave found that no Part of the Lands and Heritages Boundaries? proposed to be included within the Boundaries of the Burgh should be included therein, by such Advertisement as he shall direct, call a Public Meeting, at such Time and Place as he shall appoint, of the Ratepayers in respect of Lands and Heritages situated beyond the existing Boundaries of the Burgh, and within the extended Boundaries thereof, as defined by the Sheriff or by the Lord Ordinary on Appeal, to consider the Proposal to extend the said Boundaries; and the Sheriff shall preside at the Meeting, and the Sheriff Clerk shall act as Clerk; and each Person attending such Meeting shall deliver in Writing to the Clerk his Name, Designation, and Address, before voting at or taking part in such Meeting; and in case a Majority of the Persons present thereat shall resolve to proceed in extending the said Boundaries, according to the Specification and Definition of the Sheriff or Lord Ordinary, they shall at such Meeting name a Committee of such Ratepayers, not being fewer than Three nor more than Nine in Number, to confer with the Council of the Burgh as to the proposed Extension of the Boundaries thereof.

In case Town Council consent to proposed Extension, the same shall be reconsidered by 'Meeting of Ratepayers.

III. In case the Town Council or a Majority thereof shall, after such Conference, resolve that it is expedient to carry into effect the proposed Arrangements, they shall publish such Resolution, with any annexed Conditions, in One or more local Newspapers, not later than the last Day of September in any one Year; and such Resolution shall be reconsidered at any Meeting of the Council to be held not sooner than the Second Week in the Month of November next following, and if the same shall be confirmed by the Council, the Sheriff shall call a Second Meeting of such Ratepayers, of which such Intimation shall be given by public Advertisement as he shall direct, and at which Meeting the Sheriff shall preside; and no other Question shall be put to the Meeting but " approve " or " disapprove " of the proposed Extension, on the Terms resolved on by the Town Council; and in case the Majority of Votes shall be in favour of the proposed Extension, the Boundaries and Conditions so agreed upon shall be set out at Length in the Minute of the Meeting, and authenticated by the Subscription of the Sheriff; and the Boundaries therein

expressed

.20°. 6i21? VICTORI., Cap. 70.

607

Boundaries 'Burghs Extension (Scotland).

Consent of Council required before Resolution considered.

Sheriff may, on Objection of Proprietors, suspend Proceedings until their Consent be obtained.

expressed shall thereafter, under the Conditions therein expressed, be the Boundaries of the Burgh for all Municipal Purposes only, including the Right-of voting for Town Councillors and all Matters connected with Police, and the District comprehended within such Boundaries, shall cease to belong to or form Part of the County in which it is locally situated, and shall belong to and form Part of such Burgh as regards all local Purposes, Rights, and Obligations; provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall affect in any way the Right of voting for a Representative in Parliament.

IV. Where such adjoining Lands and Heritages include any Burgh or Portion of a Burgh, the Consent of the Town Council of such Burgh shall be required to such Resolution before it shall be considered by such last-mentioned Meeting; and it shall be lawful for any Proprietor or Proprietors of Lands and Heritages within such adjoining District valued on the Valuation Roll in force for the Year at Two Thirds of the whole Value of Lands and Heritages within such District, at any Time prior to the last Meeting above mentioned, to lodge a Minute with the Sheriff stating that he or they object to the proposed Extension, and on such Minute being lodged the Sheriff, on being satisfied that the Value of the Lands and Heritages of such Proprietor or Proprietors is of the above Amount, shall suspend the Proceedings until the Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors to the proposed Extension be obtained, and if such Consent be not intimated within Three Months the Proceedings shall terminate.

V. In the event of such proposed Extension being rejected, it shall not be competent for the Sheriff to call another Meeting for the Purpose of considering any proposed Extension of the Boundaries of the Burgh until after the Expiration of Two Years from and after the Date of the said first-mentioned Meeting.

VI. Aqy Three Ratepayers entitled to be present and to vote at any Sheriff to Meeting called under this Act may present to the Sheriff, within Ten direct a Days after the Date of such Second Meeting, a Petition praying for

a Scrutiny; and he shall thereupon, at the Expense of the Petitioners, petition for direct a Scrutiny of the whole Votes to be taken in such Manner as one-he shall think fit, in order to ascertain whether the Majority of those entitled to vote and who have voted at the Meeting have approved or disapproved of the proposed Arrangement; and in the event of the Result of such Scrutiny being to prove to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff that the Majority of the Votes of those entitled to be present and vote was in Truth adverse to the Decision of the Meeting as authenticated by his Signature, the Sheriff shall reverse such Decision, and such Reversal being authenticated by the Subscription of the Sheriff shall have all the Effects which a Decision to that Effect would have had if declared at Such Meeting: Provided always, that no such Reversal shall be competent after the Expiration of more than One Month from the Date of such Meeting.

VII. Any Person who shall falsely represent himself to be entitled Penalties for to be present and to yqtq at any Meeting to be called under this Act, knowing; Jaimselfuqt fcO fcje$o entitled* and shall unlawfully attend and gentationsas

vote to voting.

If Proposal be rejected by Ratepayers, no Extension to be proposed for Two Years.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 70.

Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland).

vote at such Meeting, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which may be summarily recovered before the Sheriff by any Person suing therefor, and which shall be disposed of as the Sheriff shall direct.

Persons in- VIII. Whereas by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth ^Office6* ^ears o!^er Majesty, Chapter Fifty-eight, intituled An Act to fcfbe ex> °0t amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote in daded from the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Burghs in Voters* of Scotland, it is provided that the Register of Voters in any Burgh, as completed by the Court of Appeal in each Year, shall for all the Purposes of the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and for all other Purposes, come in place of the Register of Voters in such Burgh established by the Act passed in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-five: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons holding Offices which render them incapable to vote in the Election of a Member or Members of Parliament are entitled to be placed on the Register of Voters: Be it enacted, That nothing in the first-recited Act contained shall operate to exclude such Persons from the said Register: Provided always, that their being so placed on the said Register shall not enable them to do any Act from which they are by Law incapacitated.

Expenses of IX. The whole Expenses incurred in relation to the calling and to b<fpfo^°W folding of any Meeting or Scrutiny under this Act shall be borne and Tided. paid by the Persons signing the Petition to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff Clerk, before any such Meeting is called, may require the Petitioners to consign or find Security to his Satisfaction for such Sum as the Sheriff may think reasonable for that Purpose: Provided always, that in case the Boundaries of the Burgh shall be extended, the whole Expenses shall be ultimately defrayed from the Common Good or other Funds of the Burgh, or by means of an Assessment on the whole Ratepayers within the extended Boundaries, which the Council of the Burgh is hereby empowered and, if necessary, directed to impose and levy, along with and in like Manner as the Prison Rate within such Burgh; and in either Case such Expenses may be recovered, together with the Costs of Suit, by the Disburser thereof, by summary Process before the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final.

tfonofet&" The Word " Ratepayer" shall mean and include every Person

Terms. whose Name shall for the Time being appear as Proprietor or Tenant and Occupant of Lands and Heritages to the Value of Four Pounds or upwards on the Valuation Books of any County or Burgh, made up in Terms of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth 1^*8 Vict. Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for the c' Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland; and the Word

" Sheriff " shall include Sheriff Substitute.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late,

intitul/d '*An Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend certain Acts regulating Madhouses in Scotland, and to provide for the Custody of dangerous Lunatics;" and it is expedient that the said recited Acts be repealed, and that more efficient Provision be made for the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums in Scotland: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 7 P in

55 G. 3. c. 69.

9G. 4. C. 34.

4 & 5 Vict c. 60.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

On Jan. 1, I. From and after the First Day of January One thousand eight Acts're- hundred and fifty-eight, the recited Acts shall be and are hereby pealed- repealed.

Officers to continue till recalled, and Orders made under the repealed Acts to be good.

II. The Inspectors, Medical Officers, and all other Officers or Servants appointed under or in virtue of the recited Acts, or any of them, shall continue to discharge the Duties of their respective Offices until they shall be re-appointed, or superseded by the Appointment of other Persons, Officers, and Servants to discharge the Duties now performed by them; and all Licences heretofore granted under the recited Acts or any of them shall remain in force until the Expiration of the Periods for which they were respectively granted, or until they are revoked under the Powers of this Act; and all Orders, Matters, and Things granted, made, done, or directed to be done in pursuance of the recited Acts, or any of them, shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts had not been repealed, excepting in so far as such Orders, Matters, or Things are expressly made void or affected by this Act; and all Fees, Charges, Liabilities, and Expenses due, payable, or prestable under the said Acts, or any of them, shall be payable and prestable from the same Funds and Sources as would have been applicable to such Payments, and otherwise in the like Manner as if the said Acts had not been repealed.

Interpretation of Terms.

III. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,) the Words " the Board" shall mean the Board to be appointed under the Authority of this Act for the Superintendence and Care of Asylums and Lunatics; the Words " Public Asylum" shall mean and include all such Hospitals, Madhouses, or Asylums as are or shall be established for the Custody of Lunatics by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, or under any Deed or Mortification by which the Maker thereof has directed the Appropriation of Funds to the establishing and maintaining any Lunatic Asylum or Hospital, or any Establishment administering Funds for charitable Purposes, without any View to any pecuniary Gain or Profit arising to the Establishment or to the Estate or Funds of the Trust or Charity, and also all Hospitals, Madhouses, or Asylums, other than District Asylums, into which Lunatics committed by Order and Certificate, as herein-after provided, cannot be refused Access or Reception, without special Cause shown; the Words " Private Asylum "

shall

Lunatics (Scotland).

shall mean and include all such licensed Madhouses or Asylums as are established for the Reception of more than One Lunatic under the Provisions of this Act, and kept for the pecuniary Gain or Profit of the Proprietors or Superintendents thereof or others interested therein, and into which the Admission of Lunatics is a Matter of Arrangement between the Superintendent thereof and the Party seeking or promoting the Reception of the Lunatic therein; the Words " District Asylum" shall mean an Asylum, in Terms of this Act, of One of the Districts described in the Schedule (H.) hereunto annexed; the Word " House" shall mean any House in which a single Lunatic is kept under an Order of the Sheriff; the Word " Superintendent" shall mean the Person or Persons having the Management or Charge of any Asylum, and shall include the Proprietor, and all Persons having any pecuniary Interest therein or in the Profits to be derived therefrom; the Words " Medical Person" shall mean any Person being a Member or Licentiate of one or other of the Royal Colleges of Physicians or Surgeons in Edinburgh or London, or holding a Diploma from the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, or being a Fellow or Licentiate of the King and Queen's College of Physicians in, or of the College of

Surgeons in Dublin, or holding the Degree of Doctor of Medicine from One of the Universities of Scotland, England, or Ireland, or having a Right to practise Medicine or Surgery from having served in the Army or Navy, and being in actual Practice as such Physician, Surgeon, or otherwise as aforesaid; the Word " Lunatic" shall mean and include any mad or furious or fatuous Person, or Person so diseased or affected in Mind as to render him unfit in the Opinion of competent Medical Persons to be at large, either as regards his own personal Safety and Conduct, or the Safety of the Persons and Property of others or of the Public; the Word " Burgh " shall include and apply to the Cities, Burghs, and Towns which are Royal Burghs, or which send or contribute as Burghs to send a Member to Parliament; the Words " Magistrates of Burghs " shall include the Lord Provost, or Provost or Chief Magistrate, and the Magistrates and Council of- Burghs; the Expression " Landward Part of a County " shall include and apply to a County exclusive of the Burghs situated therein; the Word " Secretary" shall mean the Secretary to be appointed under this Act; the Expression "Judicial Factor" shall mean and include any Person having charge of Property of a Lunatic, whether as Judicial Factor, Factor Loco Tutoris, Factor Loco Absentis, Curator Bonis, or Tutor Dative, or by reason of Service as Tutor at Law, or as Curator; the Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff of and acting in the County of which he is Sheriff, and shall include the Sheriff Substitutes; the Words " Sheriff Clerk" shall mean the Sheriff Clerk and Sheriff Clerk Depute of the County of which he is Sheriff Clerk,

and

Lunatics (Scotland).

and shall include Steward Clerk and Steward Clerk Depute; the Word " Person" and the Word " Owner" shall extend to Trustees and to Bodies Politic or Corporate as well as to Individuals; and the Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month.

Constitution IV. There shall be constituted for the Purposes of this Act a of Board. Board to be called the General Board of Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland in manner following: 

1. Three Persons shall be appointed by Her Majesty, One of whom shall be an unpaid Commissioner and Chairman of the Board, and Two of whom shall be paid Commissioners, and shall receive such Salary, not exceeding One thousand two hundred Pounds each per Annum, as shall be fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

2. It shall be lawful to Her Majesty as often as shall seem expedient, by Warrant under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint not more than Three Persons in all at One Time to be unpaid Commissioners in Lunacy for such Period as may be specified in such Warrant:

4. All Vacancies in the Board maybe supplied in'like Manner from Time to Time as they occur.

Meetings of V. The Board shall have an Office at Edinburgh for the Transac-the Board. tjon Gf their Business, and shall meet there, or at such temporary Place as shall be fixed for the Purpose, upon the First Day of November next, or upon the first convenient Day within Ten Days thereafter (of which due Notice shall be given by the Secretary to each of the Members of the Board), and shall thereafter hold Two General Meetings in each Year, One upon the First Wednesday in March and the other upon the First Wednesday in and

at such First Meeting, and at all other Meetings of the Board, Three of the Members shall be a Quorum, with Power to act in all the Matters hereby committed to the Board; and the Board shall have Power to adjourn for such Time and to such Place as they shall see fit, and to hold Special or pro re nata Meetings, which may be called by the Secretary in such Manner as the Board shall direct; and at all Meetings of the Board the Chairman shall have both an original and a casting Vote.

Power to Board to name Committees.

VI. It shall be lawful to the Board, as often as they deem fit, to appoint any Two or more of their Number as a Committee for the Purposes of this Act, or for any Part of such Purposes as the Board may direct, and if more than Two to fix the Number of such Committee that shall be sufficient to transact Business; and it shall be lawful for such Committee, in transacting the Business committed to

them,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

them, to exercise all the Powers necessary for that Purpose which are by this Act given to the Board; and such Committee shall report to the Board at such Time or Times as the Board shall direct, and failing such Direction shall report to the Board at its next General Statutory Meeting.

VII. Every Commissioner shall, before he acts in the Execution of C°mims8ion-

, ere before

his Duty, take an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say,) acting to

take the fol-

J A.B. do swear, That I will discreetly, impartially, and faithfully lowing Oath.

execute all the Trusts and Powers committed to me by virtue of ' an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-first Year of the ' Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled [here insert the

Title of this Act], and that I will keep secret all such Matters as ' shall come to my Knowledge in the Execution of my Office, except ' when required to divulge the same by legal Authority, or so far

as I shall feel myself called upon to do so for the better Execution ' of the Duty imposed upon me by the said Act.

So help me GOD. '

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the Lord Justice General of Scotland to administer.

VIII. The Commissioners shall not derive any Profit or Emolument Commis-for the Discharge of the Duties of their Office, excepting as herein deriv^Profit mentioned, nor shall they be personally responsible for anything done for dis-bond fide in the Execution of this Act, or in the Exercise of the ^"of4*16 Powers herein contained, and the paid Commissioners shall devote their Office, their whole Time to the Duties of the said Office.

IX. The Board, over and above the Powers hereby specially Powers of committed to them, shall have the Superintendence, Manage- sioners." ment, Direction, and Regulation of all Matters arising under this Act in relation to Lunatics, and to Public, Private, and District Asylums, and to every House in which a Lunatic is kept or detained under an Order of the Sheriff, as herein-after provided, and shall have the Power of granting or refusing Licences to the Proprietors of Private Asylums, and of renewing or transferring any such Licences, and of recalling or suspending the same; and it shall be lawful for the Board from Time to Time to make and establish such Rules and Regulations as they may deem necessary towards the good Order aild Management of all Private and District Asylums, and the Conduct and Duties of the Superintendents, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Inspectors, Secretary, Clerk, Officers, and Servants appointed under the Authority of this Act, and to enforce such Rules and Regulations,

7 Q by

614

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Public Asylums founded after passing of this Act to be subject to it.

Commissioners may institute Inquiries, and summon Witnesses, and examine them on Oath.

Lunatics (Scotland).

by Forfeiture of the Licence of any Party not observing the same, and by Recovery of the Penalties authorized by this Act: Provided always, that all such Rules and Regulations shall, before being put into execution, be approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and such Rules and Regulations shall also be submitted to both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained, unless where otherwise specially provided, shall be construed to extend to any Public Asylum existing or in course of Erection at the passing of this Act, further than to enable the Board to authorize and regulate the Inspection and Visitation of such Asylums, and to make and enforce such Rules and Regulations as they shall think necessary in relation to the Books or Minutes to be kept or made, and the Returns of the Entries therefrom to be made to the Board by the Persons having the Management and Care of such Asylums.

X. Provided further, That all such Public Asylums as may be endowed, founded, or established after the passing of this Act, and all Additions to any existing Public Asylum to be hereafter made, shall be under and subject to such and the like Powers and Provisions as existing Public Asylums are by this Act made subject to.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Board to institute, in such Manner as they shall think fit, an Investigation or Inquiry into any Case falling under the Provisions of this Act which they shall think it necessary or proper to inquire into; and in any Case in which it shall be necessary to obtain Evidence, it shall be lawful for the Board, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, with the Concurrence of the Lord Advocate of Scotland for the Time being, or the Solicitor General for Scotland for the Time being acting for and in the Name of the Lord Advocate, to require, by Summons, according to the Form, as nearly as may be, of Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and which Summons, as well as the Execution and Service Copy thereof, may be either printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, any Person to appear before them to testify on Oath touching any Matter respecting which they are by this Act authorized to inquire, which Oath the Chairman of the Board is hereby authorized to administer; and such Summons shall contain a Warrant to Messengers at Arms and Sheriff Officers to serve the same; and it shall be lawful for any Messenger at Arms or Sheriff Officer to serve such Summons personally, or at the Dwelling Place of the Person named therein, in the same Form and Manner as Summonses and Citations may be served according to the Law of

Scotland;

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Scotland; and any Person who shall not appear before the Board pursuant to such Summons, or shall not assign some reasonable Excuse for not appearing, or shall appear and refuse to take the Oath or to be examined, shall, on being convicted thereof before the Sheriff, or before a Justice of the Peace of the County or Magistrate of the Burgh within which such Person has his ordinary Residence, or of the County or Burgh within which such Person shall have been by such Summons required to appear and give Evidence, for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds.

XII. It shall be lawful for the Board to direct the Secretary to pay to any Witness summoned as aforesaid the reasonable Expenses of his Appearance and Attendance in pursuance of such Summons, and the same shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by the Board in the Execution of this Act, and be taken into account and paid accordingly.

XIII. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a fit Person to be Secretary to the Board, to whom there shall be paid such Salary, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds per, as shall be

fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and such Secretary, and every Secretary to be hereafter appointed, shall be removeable from his Office by Her Majesty, on the Application of the Board; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Secretary, Her Majesty, and Her Heirs and Successors, shall appoint a Secretary in the Room of the Secretary so dying, resigning, or being removed; and the Secretary shall*perform such Duties in the Execution of this Act-as the Board shall direct, and shall in all respects be subject to the Inspection, Direction, and Control of the Board; and each Secretary shall find sufficient Security for his Intromissions and Management to the Satisfaction of the Board.

XIV. The Secretary shall annually transmit to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and there shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, a Return exhibiting the Number of Orders granted by the Sheriffs for Admission of Lunatics into any Public, Private, or District Asylum or House, stating the Asylum or House to which such Order was sent, also the Number of Licences granted by the Board for the Continuance, Establishment, or Renewal of Private Asylums, and the Transfer of any such Licence from any one Asylum to another, and describing such Public, Private, and District Asylums by their respective Localities, and stating the Names of the Superintendents of each Asylum, and showing also the Number of Patients, Male and Female, received into and discharged

Payment of Expenses of Witnesses.

Power to Her Majesty to appoint a Secretary.

Secretary to make annual Returns.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Secretary to keep Books, Minutes, and Accounts, and Accounts to be annually furnished to the Commissioners of the Treasury, &c.

Power to Board to appoint a Clerk.

Du»i« of Commissioners.

charged from each Asylum, or removed or transferred from any one House to another, classifying those discharged into Three Divisions of " Cured," " Relieved," and " Unaffected by Treatment," during the preceding Year.

XV. The Secretary shall, under the Directions of the Board, keep regular Books and Minutes of all the Proceedings of the Board, and accurate Accounts of all Monies received and paid by the Board or Secretary, and of all Charges and Expenses incurred under or by virtue of or in the Execution of this Act; and such Account shall be made up to the First Day of August in each Year, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Board and by One of the paid Commissioners, and shall specify the several Heads of Charge and Expenditure, and be transmitted to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who shall thereupon audit such Account, and may, if they shall deem it expedient, and where not inconsistent with any other Provision of this Act, direct the Balance (if any) to be paid into the Exchequer to the Account of the Consolidated Fund; and an Abstract of such Accounts shall be laid before Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, then within One Month after the next Sitting of Parliament.

XVI. It shall be lawful for the Board to appoint a Clerk, to whom there shall be paid a Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum f and such Clerk shall be removable from his Office by the Board; and upon the Dejath, Resignation, or Removal of any such Clerk the Board shall appoint a Clerk in his Room; and every s.uch Clerk shall perform such Duties in the Execution of this Act as the Board shall require of him, and shall, in the Performance of his Duties, and in all lespects, be subject to the Inspection, Direction, and Control of the Board; and each Clerk shall, when so required by the Board, find sufficient Security for his Intromissions and Management to the Satisfaction of the Board.

XVII. The Board shall, as soon after their First Meeting as may be convenient, make General Rules for the Inspection and Visitation of Public, Private, and District Asylums; and it shall be the Duty of the Two paid Commissioners to visit and inspect, at least Twice in each Year, all the Public and Private and District Asylums, and every Outhouse, Place, or Building thereto belonging, and every House in which any Lunatic is detained under any Order of a Sheriff; and at each such Visitation they shall examine and inquire into the Condition of the Lunatics then confined in such

Asylum

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Asylum or House, and also whether any Coercion or Restraint has been imposed on any such Lunatics, and shall record in the Patients Book of such Asylum the State of the Health generally, as well mental as bodily, of such Lunatics, and what Coercion or Restraint has been imposed upon any such Lunatics, and the Cause thereof, and specially such particular Cases as may appear to them to require Remark, and they shall also inquire into the Particulars of the Management and the Condition of each Asylum, as to its State of Repair, Heating, Ventilation, Cleanliness, Supply of Water, Diet, and otherwise, and shall see that the Number of Patients, of whom a correct List shall be furnished to them by the Superintendent of each Asylum, does not exceed the Number for which the Asylum is licensed, and that the Books or Registers hereby directed to be kept in each Asylum are regularly and correctly kept; and each Individual in the Management of any such Asylum or House, or connected therewith, shall disclose to the said Commissioners or either - of them every Particular in relation to the keeping and Management thereof, and the Care of the Lunatics therein, into which they shall think fit to inquire; and the said Commissioners shall record in a Book to be kept by them all Inspections, stated and occasional, made by them, and the Particulars thereof, and shall communicate the same from Time to Time to the Board, for their Information; and, in addition to the stated Inspections before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall on all Occasions make any particular Visitation or Inquiry which they may think fit into the Condition of any Public, Private, or District Asylum or House, or any special Circumstance therewith connected, and shall also be entitled, by Night or by Day, to visit any such Asylum or House, and to report to the Board the Condition thereof; and a Copy of all Entries of the said paid Commissioners, of the Sheriff and Justices of the Peace, and of the Medical Inspectors herein-after appointed under this Act, in the Patients Book of such Asylum, shall be transmitted to the Board by the Superintendent of such Asylum within Eight Days after such Entries respectively are made, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Offence in case of Failure.

XVIII. The Commissioners shall and may, once or oftener in each Year, on such Day or Days, and at such Hours in the Day or Night, and for such Length of Time as they shall think fit, visit any Prison in which there shall be, or be alleged or supposed to be, any Lunatic, and shall make all such Inquiries as to the Lunatics in such Prison as they shall deem proper, or as the Board may direct.

XIX. The Commissioners shall and may, on such Day or Days, and at such Hours in the Day or Night, and for such Length of Time as

7 R they

Commissioners to visit Lunatics in Prisons.

Commissioners to visit Poor-houses.

<08 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

they shall think fit, visit all Poorhouses in which there shall be, or be alleged or supposed to be, any Lunatic, and shall inquire whether the Provisions of the Law as to Lunatics have been carried out in the Parish in which any such Poorhouse shall be situate, and tdso as" to the Dietary, Accommodation, and Treatment of the Lunatics in each such Poorhouse, and shall report in Writing thereon to the Board.

Commissioners may take Assistance of Medical Persons.

XX. It shall be lawful for the Board, where they shall deem it necessary for the beneficial Execution of the Purposes of this Act, to take the Assistance of such Medical Persons as may be required, and the Expense attending such Assistance shall be defrayed in the Manner in which the Allowance of Medical Persons to be employed by the Board and the Sheriff are herein-after directed to be defrayed.

Secretary of XXI. If it shall appear to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secre-app<rint One Varies of State to be necessary for the Discharge of the Duties imposed or Two by this Act, he shall have PoVrer to appoint, for such Period as he aon^to be6*" think fit, One or more Medical Persons, not exceeding Two in Deputy all, to be Deputy Commissioners under this Act, and shall take the Commission- Oath prescribed to be taken by the Commissioners, and such Deputy Commissioners shall have such of the Powers of the Commissioners, and shall perform such Duties, as the Board may direct; and sqch Deputy Commissioners shall receive a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds per Annum each, to be paid in like Manner, and out of the like Fund, as the other Salaries payable under this Act; provided always, that no such Appointment shall subsist after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act.

Board to XXII. The General Board of Commissioners in Lunacy for Fire Years, Scotland appointed by this Act shall exist for Five Years from and and the paid after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-w'to'be the and no longer; and from and after the Expiration of said

Inspectors Period of Five Years the Two paid Commissioners then acting under

General in this Act shall become Inspectors General in Lunacy for,

subject to the Orders and Direction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and the said Inspectors General shall have all the like Powers and Duties of Visitation and Inspection of Public, Private, and District Asylums, and Houses in Terms of this Act, and of Prisons and Poorhouses, and generally of all Houses and Places in which any Lunatic is kept, which are by this Act conferred upon the Board, and shall do and perform all Duties in connexion with the Objects of this Act which may be prescribed to them from Time to Time by such Secretary of State, and all Notices required by this Act to be given to the Board or to the paid Commissioners shall thenceforward be given to the said Inspectors General, and they shall be

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

be paid for the Performance of their said Office of Inspectors General under this Act such Salary not exceeding One thousand Pounds per Annum as shall be fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and on the Occurrence of any Vacancy in' any Such Office of Inspector General the same shall be filled up by Her Majesty and Her Heirs and Successors; and every such Inspector General so to be appointed shall take such Oath as is by this Act directed to be, taken by the Commissioners under this Act, which Oath it shall be lawful for the Lord Justice General of Scotland to administer.

XXIII. From and after the Expiration of the said Period of Five After Five Years it shall be lawful to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries

of State from Time to Time to empower the Inspectors General to mayeu-exercise, in any Case in which he shall consider it necessary, the Powers of the Board in regard to enforcing any General Regulations General to made by the Board, or in regard to providing the requisite Accommodation for Lunatics in any District, or in regard to the Citation Board, and Examination of Witnesses, and generally any of the special Powers of the Board which the Circumstances of the particular Case may seem to require; and from and after the same Period of Five Years the Power of granting Licences tinder this Act shall be vested in the Sheriff, who shall exercise all the Powers of the Board in that Matter: Provided always, that no Licence shall be granted without a Certificate from the Inspectors General that it should be granted, and no Licence shall be continued if the Inspectors General report to the Sheriff that it ought to be discontinued; and the Sheriff Clerk shall receive and account in Exchequer for all the Fees and Duties herein-before provided in respect of Licences.

XXIV. Every Person appointed to be Secretary, Clerk, or Medical Oath to b« or District Inspector under this Act shall, before he acts in the qa^7 Execution of his Duty as such Secretary, Clerk, or Inspector, take before

an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say,) acting.

J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute all such Trusts and ' Duties as shall be committed to my Charge as Secretary [or ' as Clerk, or as Medical or District Inspector, as the Case may 4 be,] to the Board of Lunacy for Scotland, and that I will keep (secret all such Matters as shall come to my Knowledge in the ' Execution of the Duties of the said Office (except when required by legal Authority to divulge the sameJ.

So help me GOD. '

And which Oath it shall be lawful for the Chairman of the Board to administer. '

XXV. It

Sheriff to visit and inspect Asylums.

Lunatics (Scotland).

XXV. It shall be lawful for the Sheriff at all Times to visit and inspect, either alone or with some Medical Person, every Public, Private, and District Asylum and House within his Jurisdiction in which any Lunatic is kept or detained under any Order of the Sheriff, and to institute Inquiry into the Care and Management of such Asylums and Houses, and into the Conduct of the Superintendents, Medical Persons, Officers, and Servants therein or connected therewith, and he shall insert in the Patient Book of such Asylum or House any Observations which he may deem necessary.

Justice* of XXVI. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of every to visit and County to appoint, at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in*pect annually on the same Day on which the Michaelmas Meeting of Asylums. ^he Commissioners of Supply takes place, any Three of their Number to visit and inspect any Public, Private, or District Asylum situated in such County, and insert in the Patients Book of such Asylum such Observations as they may deem necessary.

Licence* And with respect to the licensing of Private Asylums, and to Aylunu'and ^r(^ers for the Reception of Lunatics, and Medical Certificates,

and Order *, under this Act, be it enacted:

Certificates.

On Appli* cation for Licence, Plan of the House to be exhibited.

XXVII. All Private Asylums shall be licensed by the Board, such Licences being granted to the Superintendent of the Asylum; and all Applications for Licences to keep Private Asylums, and Applications for Leave to transfer any Licence from any one House or Asylum to another, shall be made to the Board; and with the Application there shall be laid before them a Statement of the Name and Qualification of the Superintendent, with a Plan, upon such Scale as the Board shall direct, of any House used or proposed to be used as a Private Asylum, showing accurately the Number and Dimensions of the Apartments, and Offices, and Airing Places, and the Courts, Gardens, and other Accommodations, with a Statement as to the Supply of Water, and all further Particulars which the Board may require to be communicated; and such Application shall state also the greatest Number of Lunatics of each Sex proposed to be received into such House; and if any Alteration shall at any Time be made on any such House and Premises between the first granting of any Licence for the same and the subsequent Renewals of such Licence, such Alterations shall be fully and distinctly stated and exhibited upon a Plan when the Application for the Renewal is made.

begmuedby XXVIII. Every Licence to be granted by the Board shall be the Board according to the Form in the Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed,

or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

621

Lunatics (Scotland).

or as near thereto as conveniently may be, and shall bear a Stamp

denoting a Duty of Ten Shillings, and shall be granted for such

Period, not exceeding Thirteen Months, as the Board shall think fit; and for every Licence to be so granted (exclusive of the

Sum to be paid for the Stamp) there shall be paid to the Secretary

the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for every Patient, not

being a Pauper, and the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence

and no more for every Patient, being a Pauper, proposed to be

received into such House, and if the total Amount of such Sums

payable to the Secretary shall not amount to the Sum of Fifteen

Pounds, then so much more for each Patient in proportion to the

above Charges of Ten Shillings and Two Shillings and Sixpence as

will make up the Sum of Fifteen Pounds; and no such Licence shall

(be delivered until the Sum of Fifteen Pounds at least shall be paid for the same: Provided always, that if the Period for which the Licence

is granted shall be less than Thirteen Months, it shall be lawful for the Board to reduce the Payment proportionably as they shall think

just, and the said Duty of Ten Shillings shall be under the Care

and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and be subject to all the Rules and Regulations applicable to Stamp Duties.

XXIX. In any Case in which the Board shall refuse to grant Renewal of a Licence, the Board may continue, without any further Payment, such existing Licence for a Period not exceeding Three Months from the Date at which the same would expire; and during the Period of such Continuation the Asylum in respect of which the Application is made, and the Superintendent, Medical Persons, Officers, and Servants thereof, shall be under and subject to all the Regulations imposed upon such Asylums by this Act in the same Manner as if the existing Licence had been renewed.

XXX. If any Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted under this or the said recited Acts shall become incapable of keeping, or be desirous to discontinue keeping, the Asylum in, respect of which such Licence was granted, or shall die, it shall be lawful to the Board, on Application to that Effect, to transfer such Licence, if the Board shall think fit, for the Term then unexpired of such Licence, to such Person as the Board shall in Writing approve, and such Licence shall be held to be unexpired and good and efficient from its original Date; and in case of a Licence granted to Two or more Persons, such Licence, in the event of the Death of any One or more of such Persons, shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, remain in force to the Survivors or Survivor of such Persons until the Expiration thereof.

7 S XXXI. For

according to Form in Sched. (B).

In case of Refusal to renew Licence, existing Licence may be continued for a Time.

Licence and Patients may be transferred.

Sums to be paid for Orders of Admission to Public Asylums.

Monies received for Licences, &c. to be applied in Payment of Salaries and other Expenses of Act.

Balance of Payments over Receipts may be paid out of

Monies to be] voted by Parliament.

2T & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (

XXXI. For every Order to be granted by the Sheriff for the *Admission of a Patient, not being a Pauper, into any Public-Asylum, there shall be paid for the general Purposes of this Act the Sum of Five Shillings; and for every such Order for the Admission of a Pauper Patient there shall be paid for the like Purpose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and such Sums shall be paid to the Sheriff Clerk, and shall, from Time to Time as the Board shall direct, be remitted by the Sheriff Clerk to the Secretary; and every Sheriff Clerk failing to make such Remittance shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Offence.

XXXII. All Monies received fox Licences, and for Orders of Admission, and for Searches tu be made in pursuance of this Act, as after mentioned, shall be retained by the Secretary, and be applied by him in or towards defraying the Salaries and also the travelling: and other reasonable Expenses of the Commissioners, and the Salaries and Allowances of the Secretary and Clerk, and of the Inspectors and Medical Persons employed by the Board or by the Sheriff in examining and visiting Lunatics, or Persons supposed to be Lunatics* as well before as after their Detention, and the Expenses. attending the same, and the Expense of providing a Place for the Office of the Board, and for the necessary Accommodation of them, and the Secretary, Officers, and Servants of the Establishment, and also Stationery, Postages, and other1 Office Expenses; and in the event of there being in any Year any Surplus of such Monies, after providing for the Salaries and Expenses aforesaid, such Surplus shall be paid to and divided among the District Boards, for the Purposes of this Act, in the Proportion of the Sums raised by each such District Board for the Purposes of this Act in the Year in which such Surplus arises; and all Monies payable and that shall be paid under this Act to the Board or the Secretary shall be lodged in an Account to be opened in one of the Banks of Issue in Scotland, said the Payments thereout shall be made by Orders which shall be signed by the Board; provided that the Accounts for all such Expenditure shall be audited, passed, and authenticated as the Board may direct.

XXXIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby directed and empowered, from Time to Time, on Application to them by the Board, to cause to be issued and

paid to the Secretary, out of Monies to be voted for that Purpose by Parliament, such a Sum of Money as the Board shall in such Application have certified to be requisite to pay andi discharge so much of the Salaries, Costs, Charges, and Expenses herein-before directed to be paid out of the Monies received for Licences^ and otherwise as aforesaid, as such Monies shall in each or any Year be inadequate to pay, and the v I T Secretary

2fr' & 2P VICTORIA, Cap. 71. 623

Lrunatks (Scottimd).

Secretary shall thereupon apply such Money, under the Directions of the Board, in or towards the Payment or Discharge of such Salaries, Costs, Charges, Mid Expenses respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, on the Recommendation of the Board, to advance by way of Imprest to the Secretary such Sum or Sums of Money as to such Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may appear requisite and reasonable for or towards the Payment or Discharge of all or any such Salaries, Costs, Charges, or Expenses as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums to be accounted for in the then next Account to be furnished to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under this Act.

XXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Sheriff to grant Orders for the Lunatic to Reception of Lunatics into any Public, Private, or District Asylum or

House in Terms' of this Act; but no such Order shall be granted of sheriff, unless upon a Petition subscribed by the Party applying for the same, accompanied by a Statement of Particulars in the Form of certificates. Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed, and also accompanied by Certificates in the Form of Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, bearing Date within Fourteen dear Days next preceding the Date of the Petition, under the Hands of Two Medical Persons, one of whom maybe the Medical Superintendent or Consulting Physician of a Public or District Asylum; and such Orders shall be in the Form of Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed; and no Superintendent of any such Public, Private, or District Asylum or House shall receive or detain any Person as a Lunatic therein* unless there shall be produced to and left with such Superintendent such Order by the Sheriff, dated within Fourteen Days prior to the Reception of such Lunatic, or, such Order be granted by the Sheriff of Orkney and Sh, within Twenty-one Days prior thereto; provided that the Superintendent of any such Public, Private, or District Asylum or House may receive and detain therein, for any Period not exceeding Twenty-four Hours, any Person >:* as a Lunatic whose Case is duly certified by One Medical Pesrson to be a Case of Emergency.

XXXV. Every Medical Person signing any Certificate under or Medical '

for the Purposes of this Act shall specify therein the Facts upon "

which he has formed his Opinion that the Person to whom such Facte on Certificate relates is an insane Person, an Idiot, ora Person of unsound Qhj^on J Mind, and distinguish in such Certificate Facts observed by himself of Insanity from Facts communicated to him by others; and no Person shall be received into any Asylum or House in Terms of this Act under any Certificate which purports to be founded only upon Facts communicated by others.

XXXVI. I£

Orders and Medical Certificates may be amended.

Copies of Orders, Medical Certificates, &c., to be sent to the Board.

No Certificate to be granted with out Examination.

Penalty on granting false Certificate.

Penalty for

receiving

Lunatics

20° & 21 VICTORIA, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

XXXVI. If, after the Reception of any Lunatic, it appear that any Order or Medical Certificate upon which he was received is in any respect incorrect or defective, such Order or Medical Certificate may be amended by the Person signing the same, at any Time within Fourteen Days after the Reception of such Lunatic; provided never* theless, that no such Amendment shall have any Force or Effect unless the same shall receive the Sanction of the Board.

XXXVII. The Superintendent of every Public, Private, or District Asylum or House in Terms of this Act shall, after Two clear Days and before the Expiration of Fourteen clear Days from the Day on which any Patient shall have been received, transmit to the Board, along with a Copy of the Order, and Medical Certificates, and Petition and Statement accompanying the same, on which such Person shall have been received, a Notice of such Admission, and a Report, signed by the Medical Attendant of such Asylum, or by the Medical At* tendant of the Lunatic in such House, according to the Form in Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed; and every Superintendent of any such Asylum or House who shall neglect to transmit as aforesaid such Copy, Notice, and Report shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and the Sheriff' Clerk shall, within Seven Days after any such Order shall have been granted, send -to the Board a Notice, stating the Party by whom the Application was made, and the Party to whom the Order applied, the Medical Persons granting the Certificates, the Sheriff by whom the Order was granted, and the Asylum or House to which it was addressed; and any Sheriff Clerk failing to send such Notice within such Time shall for every such Neglect forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXVIII. If any Person shall grant any such Certificate or Statement as aforesaid without having seen and carefully examined the Person to whom it relates, at the Time and in the Manner specified in such Certificate, with a view to ascertain the Condition of such Person to the best of his Knowledge and Power, he shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall wilfully and falsely grant any such Certificate to the Effect of any Person being a Lunatic, the Person so granting such Certificate shall be guilty of an Offence, and for every such Offence be liable in a Penalt}' not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, or be liable to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months.

XXXIX. Any Person who shall be convicted of receiving, concealing, detaining, or harbouring any Lunatic, or any Person as such,

in

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71. 625

Lunatics (Scotland).

in any Asylum or House kept for the Reception and Care of Lunatics in unlicensed requiring to be licensed in Terms of this Act, but which shall not be wi°thout°r so licensed, and any Person who shall be convicted of sending or the required delivering any Lunatic, or Person as such, for Custody in any such °rder' Asylum or House, knowing the same not to be so licensed, and any Person who shall be convicted of receiving, detaining, or harbouring any Lunatic, or Person as such, in any Public or Private or District Asylum or House, without an Order, where such Order is by this Act required, or notwithstanding an Order to liberate in Terms of this Act, and any Person who shall be convicted of sending or delivering any Lunatic, or any Person as such, for Custody in any Public, Private, or District Asylum or House, without an Order, where such Order is by this Act required, shall severally be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Space not exceeding Twelve Months.

XL. If any Person shall apply to the Board in order tp Board may be informed whether any particular Person is confined in any f^derfor Asylum or House by this Act made subject to the Visitation of Search of the Board, the Board, if they shall think it reasonable to permit Aether any such Inquiry to be made, shall issue an Order to the Secre- particular tary, and the Secretary shall, on Receipt of such Order, and on j^n^nfined Payment to him of a Sum not exceeding Seven Shillings, (to be as a Lunatic applied for the Purposes of this Act,) make search amongst the Returns made in pursuance of this Act, whether the Person inquired Months, after is or has been within the last Twelve Calendar Months confined in any such Asylum or House; and if it shall appear that such Person is or has been so confined, the Secretary shall deliver to the Person so applying a Statement in Writing specifying the Situation of the Asylum or House in which the Person so inquired after appears to be or to have been confined, and also (so far as the Secretary can ascertain from any Register or Return in his Possession) the Name of the Superintendent or Principal Officer of such Asylum or House, and the Date of the Admission of such Person into such Asylum or House, and (in case of his having been removed or discharged) the Date of his Removal or Discharge therefrom.

XLI. No Person shall receive or keep any One Lunatic, or As to Luna-Person alleged to be a Lunatic, in any Private House in which not more than One Lunatic is kept, without the like Order by the Sheriff Vate House, and Medical Certificates as are required in respect of the Reception of a Lunatic into a Private Asylum, unless such House shall be the Dwelling Place or temporary Private Lodging of such Lunatic; and any Person who shall so receive any Lunatic shall, within Seven 7 T clear

2$ 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

dear Days thereafter, transmit to the Board a Copy of the Onlen and Medical Certificates, and Petition and Statement accompanying, the same, on which such Lunatic shall have been received, stating the Date of Reception, the Situation of the House, and the Christian. Name and Suruame of the Owner and Occupier thereof and of the Medical Person attending upon such Patient, and shall also upon the First Day of January in every Year, or within Seven Days-thereafter, transmit to the Board a Certificate, signed by a Medical Person, describing the State of the Health, mental and bodily, of the Lunatic; and every such Lunatic shall be visited at least once in every Fortnight; unless the Board shall otherwise regulate such Visits, by a Medical Person, who shall enter in a Book to be kept at such House the Date of each Visit, and the Condition of the mental and bodily Health of the Lunatic at each such Visit; and it shall be in the Power of the Board to order such Inspection and Visitation of every such House from Time to Time as to them shall seem proper; provided that this Enactment shall not apply to any Case where the: Party so received and kept has been sent to any such House for the Purpose of temporary Residence only, not exceeding Six Months, and . under the Certificate of a Medical Person, which Certificate sjiaU be in the Form of Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed; and every Person who shall receive and keep in any unlicensed House. excepting as before mentioned, any Lunatic, or Person alleged to be a Lunatic; without such Order and Medical Certificates, or who, having so received and kept such Lunatic, shall not transmit to the Board such Copies and Statements as aforesaid, or shall .fail to cause or permit such Lunatic to be visited las aforesaid and such' Book to be kept, and every Medical Person who shall knowingly make a false Entry- in such. Book, shall severally1 bo guilty of an Dffence, and shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty 'Pounds, or be liable to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Three Months.

House where XLII. It shall be in the Power of the Board to order such Visita-tadned'undVr t'OQ an Inspection as they may deem proper of every -House in Order of the which any Lunatic is detained by Order of the Sheriff, -though not a be v7sTteday Public, Private, or District . Asylum, and, if the Board shall see Cause, by the Board, by reason of improper Treatment of such Lunatic, to transfer such Lunatic to any other such House, or to any Public, Private, or District Asylum, as may be deemed most expedient; and the Expense of maintaining such Lunatic , in such other House, or Public, Private, or District Asylum, shall be chargeable on the Property of such Lunatic (if he any have), or on the -Party or Parish legally bound for his Maintenance and Support.

XLIII. If

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

XLIII. If any Occupier or Inmate of any Private House shall keep or detain therein, without an Order by the Sheriff, any Person as a lunatic, although One of the Family or a Relative of such Occupier or Inmate, beyond the Period of a Year after the Malady becoming apparent and confirmed, and where it has been such as to require during' any Part of such Period Coercion or Restraint, such Occupier or Inmate, or the Medical Person attending such Lunatic or Person so' detained, shall intimate such Detention to the Board, and shall .transmit to the Board a written Certificate* signed by One Medical Person, of the Condition of the Person so detained, and shall st^te to the Board the Reasons which render it desirable that such Person should remain under private Care; and if the Board shall have reason td believe or suspect that any Lunatic, or any Person treated as a Lunatic, of whose Condition no such Intimation shall bfeve been'made, is detained or kept or is dwelling in any Private "House* and that the Malady' of such Person has endured for any Period beyond a Year after the same has become apparent and confirmed, and is such as to have required Coercion or Restraint, or if such Intimation shall have been made, and the Reasons stated appear to the Board to be insufficient, and they shall be of opinion fcbat it is necessary that Inquiry should be made into the Case, they shall' apply to the Sheriff, Who shall have Power to make such Inquiry as he thinks it; and if upon such Inquiry it shall appear that pnch" Person' is a Lunatic, and has been so for a Space exceeding a Year after the Malady shall have become apparent and confirmed, and such as to have required Coercion or Restraint, and that there are Circumstances rendering the Removal of such Lunatic to the' Care of an Asylum necessary or expedient, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff to grant Warrant for the Removal of such Lunatic to an Asylum, and the Order of the Sheriff shall be sufficient Authority to the Proprietor or the Keeper of any Public or other Asylum to which the Lunatic shall be sent to receive and detain such Lunatic accordingly; and any Person who shall, in the contrary hereof, keep, harbour, or conceal, or be aiding in the keeping, harbouring, or concealing of any Person as a Lunatic, without such Intimation thereof to the Board as aforesaid, or otherwise than under the Authority of this Act, and any Medical Person attending on such Person confined as a Lunatic beyond such Period who shall wilfully neglect to disclose the Condition of such Person so confined to the Board, shall severally be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Three Months.

XLIV. If

Board maj order Examination of Lunatics in Private Houses.

628

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71

Lunatics (Scotland).

Patients may be transferred.

Medical

Attendance

upon

Asylums.

Board, where Licence is for less than 11 Persons, may lessen the Number ot Medical Visits.

Access of Friends and others to Lunatics.

Power to Ministers

XLIV. If the Superintendent of any Asylum shall have obtained Leave to transfer the Licence granted to such Superintendent from one House or Building to another House or Building, and shall be desirous on that Account, or for other good Cause, to be subnutted to the Board, and of which they shall judge, to transfer the Patients under the Care of such Superintendent to such other House or Building, and shall make Application to the Board to that Effect, it shall be lawful for the Board on being satisfied that due Notice has been given1 of such Application to the Persons respectively on whose Application the several Patients proposed to be transferred were confined, to grant written Authority for the Transfer of such Patients accordingly, without any new or additional Order from the Sheriff, or new or additional Medical Certificates; and such Superintendent shall, within Eight Days after such Transfer, transmit to the Commissioner a List of the Patients transferred, and in case of Failure so to do shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XLV. In every Asylum licensed for One hundred Patients or more there shall be a Medical Person resident therein as the Medical Attendant thereof; and every Asylum licensed for more than Fifty and less than One hundred Patients, in case there shall be no resident Medical Person therein, shall be visited daily by a Medical Person; and every such Asylum licensed for Fifty or less than Fifty Patients, in case there shall be no resident Medical Person therein, shall be visited at least twice in every Week by a Medical Person: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Board to decide that any Asylum shall be visited by a Medical Person at any other Times not being oftener than once a Day; provided also, that the Board shall be entitled, if they shall see Cause, to require that a resident Medical Person shall be appointed to any Asylum licensed for more than Fifty Patients.

XLVI. Provided further, That where any Asylum is licensed to receive less than Eleven Lunatics, it shall be lawful for the Board, by written Authority, to permit that such House shall be visited by a Medical Person at such Intervals, more distant than twice in every Week, as the Board shall appoint, but not at a greater Interval than once in every Two Weeks.

And with respect to the Access of Friends and others to Lunatics, be it enacted:

XLVII. The Minister of any Parish wherein any Public, Private, or District Asylum or House in Terms of this Act is situated, or the Minister

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Minister of the Congregation of any Denomination of Christians to which any Patient detained in any such Asylum or House belongs, or any Relative of any such Patient, or when such Patient is a Pauper, any Member of the Parochial Board liable to maintain such Patient, shall, subject to such general Conditions or Regulations as the Superintendent' and Medical Attendant of such Asylum or House may, with the Sanction of the Board, think it proper to impose, have Liberty to visit any Patient in any such Asylum or House: Provided always, that such Superintendent and Medical Attendant may, where any special Circumstances of the Case may render it proper and expedient, refuse to admit such Minister, Relative, or other Person, or may accompany the Permission to visit any Patient with such Conditions, and Regulations as the Circumstances may require; provided that in every such Case where such Refusal is complained of by the Person or Persons interested, he shall intimate such Refusal, and the Grounds of it, to the Board; and the Decision of the Board therein, after Consideration of the Matter, shall be final and conclusive; and an Entry of every such Refusal, and of the Proceedings had thereon, shall be forthwith made in the Register of such Asylum or House; and a Copy of every such Entry shall, within Two Days after the same is made, be transmitted to the Board.

XLVIII. It shall be lawful for the Board at .any Time to give an Order in Writing for the Admission to any Patient confined in any House or Asylum of any Relation or Friend of such Patient (or of any Medical or other Person whom any Relation or Friend of suqh Patient shall desire to be admitted to him), and such Order of Admission may be either for a single Admission, or for an Admission for any limited Number of Times, or for Admission generally at all reasonable Times, and either with or without any Restriction as to such Admission or Admissions being in the Presence of a Keeper or not, or otherwise; and if the Superintendent or Keeper of any such Asylum or House shall refuse Admission to or shall prevent or obstruct the Admission to any Patient of any Relation, Friend, or other Person, who shall produce such Order of Admission as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

And with respect to District Asylums, be it enacted:

XLIX. With a view to the Erection of Asylums for the Reception and Care of Pauper Lunatics, and for the Purposes of this Act, Scotland shall be divided into such Districts or Divisions as are set forth and described in the Schedule (H.) hereunto annexed: Provided always, that the Board shall have the Power, on the Application of 7 U the

and Friends of Patients to visit them, subject to Regulations of Asylum.

Power to Board to grant Orders for Access to Patients.

District

Asylums.

i

Districts

fixed.

630

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland),

the Prison Board of any County interested, to alter or vary the said Districts, either by combining Counties or Parts of Counties, or dividing Counties, ot otherwise, as they may think fit.

District L. Within Six Months after the passing of this Act, and jointed1* thereafter at the First Meeting of the Prison B<>afd in each Year, there shall be chosen, for each District' respectively, out of the Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates of Burghs hi each County respectively by the Members of the County Prison Boards of the Counties included in such District acting tinder 2 & 3 Vict., the Act of the Second and Third Of' Her Majesty, Chapter c'42' Forty-two, a Board, -to be called "The District Board," the Number of the Members whereof shall be fixed by the Board, who shall > also fix the Number of the Members of each District Board to be elected by each County Prison Board respectively, and such Number shall be proportioned as nearly as may be: to the real Rent of the Property situated in each County, as the sanft is directed to be1 ascertained and: estimated; according to the real annual Value thereof in reference to; the Assessments authorized do be levied upd^" the said, last-mentioned Act; and-in the event of the Decease, or permanent Absence or Incapacity, of any of the Members of the District Board, the Vacancy thereby occasioned shall be filled up at the First Meeting -after the Occurrence of such Vacancy of the County Prison Board of the County from which the Member occasioning such Vacancy was elected; and such District Board shall meet: at such Times and Places as shall be fixed by the Board from Time to Time, and shall have Power to adjourn, and also appoint Committees of their Number, to whom may be delegated all or any Part of the Powers hereby -committed to such District Boards; provided always, that the Meetings-of such District Board shall be ealled and conducted in all respects as Meetings of a Prison Board are in use to be called and conducted.

Board to in- LI. The Board shall, as soon as may be, make Investigation N^cesritiesof *nto Population and Necessities, as regards Accommodation the Districts, for the Pauper Lunatics, of the several Districts hereby esta-Asyluma'to blished, and into the Accommodation for the Care of such Pauper be provided. Lunatics (if any) already existing for such Districts; and upon Consideration of the Result of such Investigation it shall be lawful for the Board to determine, either that the existing Accommodation for the District, with or without additional Accommodation, is sufficient, or that a District Asylum for Pauper Lunatics shall be provided for the District, and the Board shall communicate the Result of such Investigation to the District Board of such District, and may require the District Board to order Plans of the District Asylum to be prepared,

together

20-.& 21 ° VICTORIA," Cap. 71. 681

Lunatics (Scotland).

together with Specificiations/aw^ Estimates of the probable Expense df erecting and completing- the same, or of filtering or enlarging 4ncl adapting any existing Asylum, House, or Accommodation to the '

Purposes of a District Asylum under this Act, and to report the >

same, and also their Opinion of an eligible Site for sutih District Asylum, where a new one is to be. provided, to the JBoard;

LII. If and when the Board shall have approved of the Board tt> Plan, .Specification, Estimate, and Site proposed in the Report to J^£[tthe be so wide by the District Beard, it shall; be lawful for them Boards to to require the District Board, as soon as practicable thereafter, and within a Period not exceeding Two Years after .being so <required Asylums, by the Board in Writing, to erect and provide a suitable District Asylum, with all , the Accommodation, Upfitting, and Furniture necessary for the Reception, Confinement, and Care therein of the Pauper Lunatics of; the District; and all the Powers and Provisions of of the said last-meptiqped Act relative to acquiring and holding Lands c. 42. applied aqd Heritages shall be applicable to and be construed along with and to th!s Act; as Part of this Act, and shall be of the dike Force and Effect for enabling, the District Board tp acquire and hold Lands and Heritages for the Purposes of this Act as for enabling the County Prison Boards to, acquire and hold: Lands. and Heritages fdr the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Act, i>; , i, i.

LIII. Al^ the district; iVsylqms, -pot otherwise .vested by the District Constitution or Endowment thereof, shafi, subject to the Use of the same ..for the Purposes of this -Act, as herein pro-District vided, together with, the whole IVfoveable Property, ' Goods, and Boards-Effects in such District Asylums, subject to., the like Use, be vested in the District Boards of the Districts who shall be entitled to acquire, hold, qnd administer the same as aforesaid; and if, , from any Change , of Circumstances in a District, the Accommodation for the Lunatics of such District shall have become insufficient, it shall be lawful for the . Board to call upon the District Board of such District to provide such farther Accommodation as is required, and where Enlargement or Alteration is required, to add- to or alter any existing Asylum in, such Manner and to such Extent as shall be necessary for the Wants of the District, and where a new District Asylum shall be necessary, to provide and erect such new District Asylum; and it shall be lawful for the District Boards to sell or dispose of the old District Asylum, and to apply the Price to be obtained for the same towards Payment of the Expense of providing and completing the new Distinct Asylum; and the Expense of providing such new District ABylum, or such Part thereof as may be necessary, shall be raised and levied in such and the

Assessments.

Expense of District Asylum how to be raised.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE. Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

the like Manner as the Expense of providing the original District Asylum is herein directed to be raised and levied.

And with respect to Assessments for the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted:

LIV. The Expense of providing, building, altering, enlarging, and repairing, and fitting up and furnishing District Asylums, and the whole Expense of maintaining the Establishment for the First Year after the opening of the same, and also the after Expense of altering, repairing, and keeping in repair such District Asylums, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Investigations in relation thereto, shall be ascertained by the Board from the Estimates or Reports to be made thereof by the District Boards; and the gross Amount of such Expense shall be apportioned by the Board upon the Landward Parts of Counties, and upon the Burghs respectively, within such Districts, according to the Real Rent of the Lands and Heritages in Terms of the Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one, within such Landward Parts of Counties and Burghs respectively; and the Board shall give Notice to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of each County respectively, for such County, and to the Chief Magistrate or Administrator of the Affairs of each Burgh, for such Burgh, of the whole Sum or Proportion to be levied on such Burgh and the Landward Part of such County respectively; and the Portion of the gross Amount of such Expense which shall be apportioned as aforesaid on the several Landward Parts of Counties shall, together with such further Sum as may be necessary to cover Expenses of Assessment, Collection, and Remittance, and any Arrears where such shall occur of preceding Years, be assessed, laid on, and collected by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of Supply of each County respectively; and the Portion thereof which shall be apportioned as aforesaid on the several Burghs shall, together with such further Sum as may be necessary to cover Expenses of Assessment, Collection, and Remittance, and any Arrears where such shall occur of preceding Years, be assessed, laid on, and collected by or under the Authority of the Magistrates of each Burgh respectively, in the same Way and Manner in all respects, and upon such and the like Property, according to the real Rent of such Property, and from such Persons, and by such and the like Process and Means of Recovery, and under the like Deductions and Exemptions, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions as to any disputed Matter and otherwise, and generally in all respects as if such Portions of the said gross Amount apportioned under this Act were Portions of a gross Amount of Sums estimated in Terms of the Fortieth Section of the said Act of the Second

and

633

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, and directed by that Act to be assessed on the said Counties and Burghs respectively; and the said last-mentioned Act shall, in so far as the same is hereby made applicable to the raising Assessments for the Purposes of this Act, be construed herewith as if the same were a Part of this Act; and the Collectors or other Persons employed in reference to Assessments under the last-mentioned Act, or any other Act, may be employed, and shall be bound to act, in the like Capacity under this Act; and the Assessments under this Act may, if thought proper by the said Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates of Burghs respectively, be assessed, laid on, and collected along with any Assessments under the said last-mentioned Act, or along with any Assessments under any other Act.

LV. The Commissioners of Supply in each County, or their Expense of Convener or Collector, and the Magistrates in each Burgh, or their j^efwyed Collector, shall, at their Risk, and free of all Expenses, remit the outofAs-whole Sum apportioned on such County and Burgh respectively, 8es8ment* within Eight Months after Notice by the Commissioners aforesaid, and in the Manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act, to or on account of the District Board, who shall apply the same in defraying the Expense to be incurred in erecting and providing such District Asylums, and fitting up and furnishing the same, add also in defraying the Expense, for a Period not exceeding One Year after the opening of such Asylum, of the Superintendent, Clerk, Officers, or Servants, and of the Medical Attendants to be employed therein; provided that the Expenses of the Superintendent and other Officers and Servants shall not be so defrayed for such Period if the Amount of the Monies to be received as herein-after provided shall be adequate to defray the same, or longer than while such Monies shall be inadequate so to do.

And with respect to special Arrangements, be it enacted: Special

LYI. Where any Property or Money is or shall be mortified,

conveyed, or made over, in trust or otherwise, for the Erection or -

Establishment of any Asylum or Hospital for Lunatics, for the Use M^neyheld of any County or Counties or Parish or Parishes, and such Property in trust for or Money shall be vested, in whole or in part, in the Hands of the Trustees of such Trust or others, they shall be entitled to apply Asylum may such Money or Proceeds of such Property in Payment of the Assess- lieu

ments leviable for the Purposes of this Act upon such County of Assessor Counties, or Parish or Parishes, or to apply the same towards ment-the Trust Purposes of the Mortification or Endowment, in the Erection of the Asylum, Hospital, or other Establishment thereby prescribed; and in such last Case such Asylum, Hospital, or other 7 X Establish *

County making over Asylum to the District Board to have Deduction from Amount of Assessment.

Right of Accommodation may be bought up.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics, (Scotland).

Establishment may be transferred, made over, or be otherwise made available to the District Board in which the same is situated, for the Purposes of this Act, in such and the like Manner as is herein provided in respect of any existing Asylum, Hospital, or available Accommodation in any District; and such County or Counties or Parish or Parishes shall thereupon be relieved to the Extent of the Payment made from such Assessment, or to the Extent of the Value of the Asylum, Hospital, or Accommodation, or Part thereof transferred, made over, or made available to the District Board, such Value to be fixed by the Board.

LVII. If in any County or Counties, or Parish or Parishes, there shall be any Asylum or Hospital or other available Accommodation for Lunatics provided for such County or Counties, or Parish or Parishes, or Part thereof, the Use whereof can be validly transferred or made over, or can be made effectually available to the District Board of any District, for their exclusive Use, for the Reception and Confinement of Pauper Lunatics therein, under the Provisions of this Act, such County or Counties, or Parish or Parishes, or Part thereof, by which any such Asylum or Hospital or Accommodation shall be so transferred, made over, or be made available to the District Board, shall be entitled to Deduction from the Amount of the Assessments leviable upon such County or Counties, or Parish or Parishes, or Part thereof, to the Extent of the Value of the Asylum or Hospital or Accommodation to be thereby made over to the District Board of such District, such Value to be fixed by the Board.

LVIII. If in any District there shall be any Public Asylum whereiu any other District, or any Parish or Parishes or others within any other District, have any Right to Accommodation, it shall be lawful for the District Board of the District. in which such Asylum is situated to apply so much of the Assessment leviable in such District under this Act as may be necessary towards the purchasing up such Right of Accommodation, by Payment of the Value thereof to the District Board of the District which has such Right, or in which any Parish or Parishes having such Right is or are situated; and the District Board receiving the same shall apply the Amount towards the procuring Accommodation for the Pauper Lunatics of the District of the District Board making such Payment; and the Parish or Parishes or others in whom such Right is vested shall be entitled to Deduction from any Assessment to be levied for the Purposes of this Act upon such Parish or Parishes or others to the Extent of the Sum to be paid as the Value of their respective Rights of Accommodation to be so purchased.

LIX. In

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

----  __________i__________

Lunatics (Scotland).

LIX. In case there shall be any Asylum established in any District District which shall have sufficient Accommodation for the Recep- Board8

i Agree with

tion of the Pauper Lunatics of such District, or can be easily existing rendered adequate to the Reception of such Pauper Lunatics or for any Portion of them, the District Board of such District shall, tion of Pau-before proceeding to assess for or erect any District Asylum, contract perLunatics. with the Proprietors or Parties interested in any such Asylum for the Use of the whole or any Part of the same, or for the Reception and Maintenance of the Pauper Lunatics of such District, or any Portion of them, upon such Terms as shall be arranged between the District Board and such Proprietors or Parties interested; and in case of Difference, between the District Board and Proprietors or Parties interested relative thereto, such Difference shall be subject to the Decision of the Board; and where any such Agreement shall be completed with a public Asylum, the Portion of such Asylum which shall, in Terms thereof, be appropriated to the Reception of such Pauper Lunatics, shall be and remain under the Care and Management of the Proprietors or Parties interested therein, subject to the Power of Inspection and Visitation, and Power of making Regulations herein-before conferred upon the Board.

LX. The Trustees and Directors of the Crichton Royal Institu- As to Pauper tion for Lunatics at Dumfries shall be obliged to receive in such lunatics to

v o Kg received

Asylum or in the Southern Counties Asylum the Pauper Lunatics into the who shall be sent thereto by the Parochial Boards of the Counties of Crichton^ Dumfries and Wigtown and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, upon at Dumfries the Conditions herein provided and prescribed in respect of Pauper Lunatics sent to the District Asylums to be established in virtue Counties of this Act; and the .Monies to be received by the said Trustees Asylum, and Directors shall be paid and applied towards the Expense of keeping and maintaining the said Crichton Royal Institution or the Southern Counties Asylum: Provided always, that if any Difference shall arise between the said Trustees and Directors and Parochial Boards, the same shall be decided by the Board.

And with respect to the borrowing of Money for the Purposes of Borrowing this Act, be it enacted: °ney '

LXI. It shall be lawful for any District Board, from Time to bonw*0 Time, to borrow on the Security of the Assessments to be levied Money on under this Act in and for such District, or any Part thereof, all or Assess, any of the Monies required in such District, or in any County or ments. Burgh within the same, for the Purposes of this Act; and such Money may be so borrowed at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and every such Security may be by Assignation in Security in the Form contained in the Schedule

(K. No. 1.)

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend Money for Purposes of this Act.

Provision for Payment of the Interest on borrowed Monies and a Portion of the Principal in each Year.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE. Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

(K. No. 1.) to this Act annexed, or to that or to the like Effect, and shall be duly executed if signed by Three or more Members o£* the District Board; and every such Deed of Security shall be effectual for securing to the Person advancing the Sum of Money in such Deed expressed to be advanced, and to his Heirs, Executors, and Assignees, the Repayment thereof, with Interest for the same after such Rate and at such Time and in such Manner as in such Deed of Security provided; and the said Deeds of Security shall be numbered in the Order of Succession in which they are grafted; and a Copy of each such Deed of Security shall be transmitted to the Secretary appointed under this Act; and a Memorandum of each such Deed shall be entered by the Secretary in a Book to be called the Register of Securities, to be kept by him for that Purpose; and every such Deed of Security, and the Monies secured thereby, shall be deemed to be Personal Property, and may and shall pass as such Property passes by the Law of Scotland, and shall be validly transferred by simple Endorsation on such Deed of Security by the Party entitled thereto for the Time being of a Transfer in the Form of the Schedule (K. No. 2.) hereunto annexed; and the Parties in right of such Deeds of Security shall be Creditors upon the Assessments thereby expressed to be assigned in Security in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference or Priority other than is provided in such Deeds of Security under the Powers of this Act.

LXII. It shall be lawful for any District Board to make Application for any Advance of any Sum for the Purposes of this Act to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, and any Act or Acts amending or continuing the same, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered, if they think fit, to make such Advance upon the Security of any such Assignation in Security as aforesaid.

LXIII. Every District Board by whom any such Assignation in Security as aforesaid shall be granted shall annually make" Payment, out of the Monies coming to its Hands under this Act, of all Interest due for the Time on the Suqis contained in any such Assignations in Security, and also of a further Sum to Account of the Principal Sums contained in such Assignations in Security, being not less than One Thirtieth Part of the whole Sums contained in and due by the whole Assignations in Security granted by such District Board at the Time such Assignations in Security were made, until the whole Principal Suras for which such Assignations in Security shall have been granted, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said District

Board

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71. 637

Lunatics [Scotland).

Board shall, by Agreement with the Persons advancing any Money for the Purposes of this Act, determine the Order and Priority in which the several Sums advanced shall be respectively discharged; and every District Board so borrowing Money is hereby required to appoint a proper Person to keep an exact and regular Account of all Receipts and Payments in respect of Principal Monies borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts; and the District Board is hereby required carefully to inspect all such Accounts, and to make such Orders for carrying the several Purposes aforesaid into execution as to them shall seem meet.

LXIV. Every District Board borrowing Money as aforesaid shall Provision for make Provision that the whole Principal Money to be so borrowed, rowed7being and all Interest for the same, shall be fully paid and discharged within p«icl a Time to be limited by such Board, not exceeding Thirty Years year8t from the Time of borrowing the same.

LXV. No Person lending Money to any District Board, and Persons taking an Assignation in Security for securing Repayment of the Money on same, executed in manner directed or allowed by this Act, and Security of purporting to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be bound protected0 to require Proof that the several Provisions of this Act have been against duly complied with; and it shall not be competent to any Ratepayer ^"comply or other Person to question the Validity of any such Assignation in with Pro-Security on the Ground that such Provisions have not been complied ^-g0c£f with.

LXVI. In every Case where Monies shall have been borrowed P<?WCT under the Powers of this Act, it shall be lawful for the District Board to pay off67 by which such Monies shall have been borrowed (with the Consent of Sums the Parties to whom the same shall be owing) to pay off the Monies borrowed, so borrowed, and to raise and borrow the Monies necessary for that Purpose, and also to repay the said last-mentioned Monies, and the Interest thereof, under the Powers of this Act, as if such Monies were borrowed under the Powers herein contained, but so nevertheless that all Monies borrowed shall be discharged within Thirty Years from the Time of first borrowing the same.

LXVII. Every District Board shall annually, and whenever required District by the Board, transmit to them a full and detailed Report and famish*0 Statement of all Sums falling to be paid by the District Board, Annual whether for Principal or Interest, to the Holders of Assignations in Statements. Security granted by the District Board under this Act; and the Board shall, in each Year, in their Ascertainment of the Amount 7 Y necessary

638 20° &2l° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

necessary to be raised within such District for the Purposes of this Act, take care to include and provide for the whole Sums so falling to be paid as aforesaid.

District© LXVIII. Excepting in the Case of Public Asylums, with which take charge Agreements shall have been made by the District Boards in Terms of Asylum of this Act, when any District Asylum shall be ready for the Reception

finished. of Lunatics, and shall have been approved of and adopted by the Board as a District Asylum, the District Board is hereby required to assume the Charge of the District Asylum, and it shall be the Duty of such District Board to appoint any necessary Officers and Servants, and also a Clerk, if necessary, to the said District Board, whom, or any of them, they shall have Power to suspend or remove; and they shall also have Power to fix the Amount of the Salary or Remuneration to be paid to such Clerk, Officers, and Servants respectively; and the Management and Superintendence of such District Asylums, and the well-ordering and Discipline of the same, shall thereafter be under the Care of such District Board.

Notice of the District Asylum being ready for the Reception of Patients to be given.

LXIX. Upon the Completion and Approbation and Adoption of any District Asylum for Pauper Lunatics, the District Board shall forthwith cause Notice of the Day on which such District Asylum will be open for the Reception of Lunatics to be given once in the " Edinburgh Gazette and the Day on which the Asylum is to be opened as aforesaid shall be not less than One Week subsequent to the Publication of such Notice.

District In- LXX. It shall be lawful for the District Board, in each of the bea'ppointod 8evera-l Districts constituted by this Act, to appoint Medical Persons, and their One or more, as may from Time to Time be sanctioned by the

Duty' Board, to be the Inspector or Inspectors of such District, and

such Inspector or Inspectors shall hold their Offices respectively at the Discretion of the District Board, and shall be paid such Fees as the District Board, with the Sanction of the Board, may fix; and it shall be the Duty of such Inspectors to visit the Public, Private^ and District Asylums and Houses in Terms of this Act, within their respective Districts, at all such Times as they shall be called upon so to do by the District Board, or the Board, or the Sheriff, and otherwise in Terms of this Act; and upon all such Visitations of Asylums they shall enter in a Book to be kept in each such Asylum, to be called the " Patients Book," the Condition of the Asylum, and the general State of the Health, mental and bodily, of the Lunatics kept therein, and also the Particulars of any Case requiring Remark: Provided always, that where in any District more than One District Inspector shall be appointed, it shall not be necessary

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap '71; 039

Lunatics (Scotland).

necessary that more than One of such Inspectors shall be a Medical Person.

LXXI. It shall not be competent to any Person not qualified in Unqualified

Terms of this Act as a Medical Person to practise or to be employed Medical Per-

f sons not to

or to. grant any Certificate under the Provisions of this Act, nor practise shall it be competent to any Medical Person who shall have any under this pecuniary or patrimonial Interest or Concern with or in any Asylum or House in Terms of this Act, or any Copartnership or Participation of Profits with any Superintendent of any such Asylum or House, or whose Father, Brother, or Son shall be Superintendent of any such Asylum or House, to practise or to be employed or to grant any Certificate under the Provisions of this Act; and any Person who shall do in the contrary of this Enactment shall be guilty of an Offence, and be liable for each Offence, in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Three Months: Provided always, that any Medical Person may practise, be employed, or grant Certificates under this Act in or with reference to any Asylum or House, not being an Asylum or House in or with which such Person, or his Father, Brother, or Son, is so interested or connected as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall prevent the Medical Officer of a District Asylum from granting Certificates with reference to any Lunatics of the District to which such Asylum belongs.

LXXII. In case the Convener or Commissioners of Supply of any Provision for County, or Persons appointed or directed by them, or any Magis- Locution of trates of Burghs, or Persons appointed or directed by them, shall Act. refuse or neglect to do what i3 herein or in the said Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, so far as the same is made applicable to this Act, required of them respectively, dr in case any Obstruction shall arise in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Board to apply, by summary Petition, to the Court of Session, in either of the Divisions thereof, or, during the Vacation of the said Court, to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, which Court and Lord Ordinary, are hereby authorized and required to do therein as "to such Court or Lord Ordinary shall seem just and necessary for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIII. There shall be paid to the District Board, for each Pauper Charge for Lunatic sent to and detained in any District Asylum, such Summer Lunatics, Week, and by such periodical Payments, as shall from Time to and Appli-Time be fixed by the District Board, with the Approbation of the ^onirato'be Board; and the Monies to be so paid shall be applied by the received.

District Boards to keep Books.

Pauper Lunatic to be held to belong to the Parish of hia Settlement.

Parish of the Settlement to be liable in the Repayment of Expenses.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

District Board of each District in defraying the Maintenance and Expenses of the Patients, the Salaries and Allowances of the Superintendent, Clerk, Officers, and Servants, and all other the necessary Expenses of such District Asylum; and if such Monies shall prove inadequate to defray such Maintenance and Expenses and Salaries, the District Board of such District shall, with the Approbation of the Board, make such additional Charge for each Pauper Lunatic kept in such District Asylum as may be necessary to make up any Deficiency which shall have arisen or may arise.

LXXIV. The District Boards shall keep regular Books and Accounts showing distinctly the Amount of the Monies received by them, and of the Outlay and Expenditure thereof, and shall also keep Minutes of the Proceedings of the District Boards in the Execution of this Act; and at all Meetings of the District Boards Three Members thereof shall form a Quorum, and shall be capable of acting in the Execution of the Matters intrusted to such District Boards by this Act; and the District Boards shall keep a distinct Account of all Assessments and other Monies levied or received, under the Provisions of this Act, and of the Application and Disbursement of the same, in such Form and Manner as the Board shall direct; and a Copy of the Account so kept shall be transmitted half-yearly to the Board; and the District Boards shall also keep Minutes of their Proceedings in the Execution of this Act.

LXXV. Every Pauper Lunatic detained in any District Asylum under this Act shall be deemed and held to belong and be chargeable to the Parish of the legal Settlement of such Lunatic at the Time the Order for his Reception in such Asylum was granted, and the Expense of his Maintenance in such District Asylum shall be defrayed by such Parish accordingly; and the Residence of any Pauper Lunatic in any such District Asylum shall be deemed to be the Residence of such Lunatic in the Parish legally chargeable with the Maintenance of such Lunatic.

LXXVI. All the Expenses attending the taking and sending a Pauper Lunatic to any District Asylum in or from any Parish which is not the Parish of the Settlement of such Lunatic, including the Sum paid for the Order for Admission of such Lunatic, and the Maintenance of such Lunatic therein, shall be recoverable by the Party or Parish defraying such Expense from the Parish of the Settlement of such Lunatic; and it shall be competent for the Sheriff of the County in and from which such Lunatic was taken and sent to ascertain and fix the Amount of the same, and the Expense so fixed shall be recoverable by summary Process from the Parish of the Settlement

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

tlement of the Lunatic before the Sheriff of the County in which such Parish is situated.

LXXVII. The Expense incurred by any Superintendent of any Expense in* Asylum, or by any other Party, for or in relation to the Examina- Lunatic?* tion, Removal, and Maintenance of any Lunatic, shall be defrayed from whom out of the Estate of such Lunatic, or if such Lunatic has no adequate Estate, and if such Expense shall not be borne by the Relations of such Lunatic, then the Lunatic shall be treated as a Pauper Lunatic, and such Expense shall be defrayed by the Parish of the Settlement of such Lunatic, and the Superintendent or other Party disbursing such Expense shall be entitled to recover the same from or out of the Parties or Estate liable to defray the same as aforesaid. v

LXXVIII. If the Parish of the Settlement of any such Pauper Expenses to Lunatic cannot be ascertained, and if the Lunatic has no Means of defraying the Expense of his Maintenance, nor any Relations who instance by can be made liable for the same, the Expenses attending the taking ?he and sending such Lunatic, and of his Maintenance in the District Lunatic was Asylum, shall be defrayed by the Parish in and from which he committed, was taken and sent, but with recourse, nevertheless, to such Parish, at any Time when it shall appear that such Expenses are legally chargeable to any other Party or Parish, against such Party or Parish, and who or which shall be liable also in Interest and Expenses; and the Sheriff of the County in which the Parish defraying such Expenses in the first instance is situated shall certify under his Hand the Amount of such Expenses; and such Certificate shall be final and conclusive as to such Amount, and shall not be subject to Review by any Process whatsoever under any Proceeding instituted for Recovery of the same; and the Party entitled to recover such Expenses shall proceed as accords of Law against the Party or the Parish liable for the same, by summary Process before the Sheriff of the County within which such Party resides, or in which such Parish is situated, and the Judgment of such Sheriff shall be final: Provided Notice to always, that the Parish of Settlement shall not in any Case be liable settlement, in Repayment of the Expenses incurred in relation to any Lunatic as aforesaid, unless written Notice shall have been given by the Parish or Party disbursing the same to the Parochial Board of the Parish of Settlement, and shall then only be liable for the Expenses incurred subsequent to such Notice, and for the Year preceding.

LXXIX. In any Investigation or Dispute regarding the Settle- Access to ment of any Pauper Lunatic, the Inspector of the Poor of any Lunatics Parish, and the Relations of the Lunatic, and other public Officers or by Parties 7 Z Parties interestedi *

ayfo gryjCTORm Cap. 7i,

Lunatic# __________

e^Expense parties. bavfog an Interest in the Investigation, shall, on Warrant Mainte- of the Sheriff, have free Access to the Lunatic, in. the Presence

nance, &c. of Inspector of the District, or other Medical Person appointed by the Board or the Sheriff, for the Purpose of seeing or examining the Lunatic touching the Matter in question.

Where Die- LXXX. Where it may appear to any District Board that any ca^accom-01 Asylum under its Charge is more than sufficient for the Accommoda-modate more tion of all the Pauper Lunatics of the District, or for whom Accorm than the modation therein falls to be provided, it shall be lawful for such

Lunatics oi

the District, DiwStrict Board, if they think fit, having obtained the Sanction thereto ticTm^be" Board, to give Notice thereof by Advertisement in some

admUtei. Newspaper, One or more, commonly circulated in such District or Part thereof, and to permit the Admission of so many Pauper Lunatics of any other District, and (if such District Board, and the Board think fit) Lunatics not Paupers, but who may be deemed proper Objects to be admitted into a Public Asylum, as to such District Board may seem expedient; and such District Board may at any Time rescind any such Resolution, and, with the Sanction of the Board, may vary the same; and such District Board may, if they think fit, require that no Pauper Lunatic shall be admitted into such Asylum under this Enactment without an Undertaking by the Parochial Board or Inspector of the Poor of the Parish to which such Lunatic is chargeable, or, in the Case of a Lunatic not a Pauper, by the Person signing the Application for the Admission of such Lunatic, for the due Payment of the weekly Charge for the Lodging, Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing1, and Care of such Lunatic during his Continuance in such Asylum, and of the Expenses of his Burial in case he die therein, as well as for the Removal of such Lunatic from such Asylum within Six Days after Notice given in Writing by the Superintendent of such Asylum; and such Lunatic, not being a Pauper, shall have the same Accommodation in all respects as the Pauper Lunatics.

of>L*ar And with respect to the Property of Lunatics, be it enacted:

Where Property of Lunatic not under judicial Management, and not properly applied for .* his Benefit,

Application to be made to the Court:

LXXXI. Whenever the Board, or the Accountant of the Court of Session, shall have Reason to believe or suspect that the Property of any Person detained or taken charge of as a Lunatic is not duly protected, by being placed under the Management of a Judicial Factor, and that the same, or the Income thereof, is not duly applied for his Maintenance, the Board or Accountant, as the Case may be, shall report thereon in Writing to the Lord Advocate; and it shall be competent to the Lord Advocate, in any Case in which be shall be of opinion, either by reason of

20" &'2P VK/POftlA, ' Cap. 71. 643

Lunatics (lSc<ki&ndft

* such Report, or from Inquiries made by himself or by his Order, or otherwise, that such Proceeding is expedient and proper, to make Application to the Court of Session in regard to any Person tWhom hie believes to be detained or taken charge of as a Lunatic, setting forth that he is informed, or has Reason to believe or suspect, that the Property of such Person is not duly protected, or that the same, or the Income thereof, is not duly applied for his Maintenance, and praying the Chutt to cause the Matter to be investigated, and to appoint a Judicial Factor to such Lunatic, with a view to the proper Care and Protection of his Property, and to the Application of it, or the Income thereof, to his Maintenance and Support, or to do otherwise as may be just and expedient; and the Court, after such Intimation or Service, and such Investigation as they may deem fit, may appoint a Judicial Factor on the Property of such Lunatic, or may take any other Measures with a view to the Benefit of such Lunatic, and generally may do under such Application as to them shall seem proper.

LXXXII. Where in the Case of any Lunatic whose Property shall, by reason' of his being a Lunatic, have been placed under the Management of a Judicial Factor, the Board, or the Accountant of the Court of Session, shall be informed or have Reason to believe or suspect that such Property, or the Income thereof, is not applied to the due Maintenance of such Lunatic, the Board or Accountant, as the Case may be, shall report thereon in Writing to the Lord Advocate; and it shall be competent to the Lord Advocate, in any Case in which he shall be of opinion, either by Teason of such Report, or from Inquiries made by himself, or otherwise, that such Proceeding - is expedient and proper, to make Application to the Court (Jf Session in regard to any such Lunatic as aforesaid, setting forth that he is informed or has Reason to believe or suspect that the Property of such Lunatic, or the Income thereof, is not duly applied for the Maintenance of such Lunatic, and praying the Court to cause the Matter to be investigated, and to take such Measures with a view to the Benefit of such Lunatic, and the securing the Application of the Property or Income of such Lunatic to his due Maintenance and Support, as may be proper; and it shall be lawful for the Court to make such Orders and take such Proceedings under such Application as it may deem proper and expedient: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall derogate from any Powers already possessed by the Accountant of the Court of Session, or be construed to prevent such Accountant from himself making any Investigation or taking any Proceedings which may at present be Competent at his Instance.

Where Property of Lunatic, though under Management of J udicial Factor, not properly applied for Benefit of Lunatic, Application to be made tQ the Court,

LXXXIII. The

644

Expenses in* curred as to Property of Lunatics to be defrayed from such Property.

Accountant of Court of Session to see that Caution for judicial Factors to Lunatics is sufficient.

Dangerous and Criminal Lunatics.

Sheriff may commit Dangerous Lunatics.

20* & 21* VICTORIES, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

LXXXIII. The Expenses attending such Inquiries and Applications as aforesaid in reference to the Property of Lunatics shall be chargeable against the Property of the Lunatics to whom they respectively relate, and may be decerned for by the Court of Session, under any such Application as aforesaid, or be otherwise recovered in due Course of Law.

LXXXIV. In any Case in which, after the passing of this Act, Judicial Caution falls-to be taken for any Judicial Factor of a Lunatic, such Caution shall not be received as sufficient until the Accountant of the Court of Session shall approve thereof by a Marking to that Effect on the Bond of Caution; and where, with reference to any Judicial Caution received prior to the passing of this Act for any such Judicial Factor, such Accountant shall have Reason to believe or suspect that the Caution found is or has become insufficient, it shall be lawful for, and the Duty of, such Accountant to inquire into the Matter, and, if he shall think proper, to call upon such Judicial Factor to find other or additional and satisfactory Caution, and failing such Caution being found, to bring the Matter under the Notice of the Court of Session, in the Division thereof by which such Judicial Factor was appointed, with a view to the Court making such Order on the Subject as to it may seem fit.

And with respect to Dangerous and Criminal Lunatics, be it enacted:

LXXXV. Where any Lunatic shall have been apprehended charged with Assault or other Offence inferring Danger to the Lieges, or where any Lunatic, being in a State threatening Danger to the Lieges, shall be found at large, or in a State offensive to public Decency, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, upon Application by the Procurator Fiscal, or Inspector of the Poor, or other Person, accompanied by a Certificate from any Medical Person bearing that the Lunatic is in a State threatening such Danger, forthwith to commit such Lunatic to some Place of safe Custody, and the Sheriff shall thereupon direct Notice to be given in some Newspaper circulated within the County of such Commitment, and such farther Notice as he shall think fit, and that it is intended to inquire into the Condition of such Lunatic on an early Day to be named; and the Sheriff shall accordingly proceed to take Evidence of the Condition of such Lunatic, and upon being satisfied that he is a Lunatic, and threatening to be dangerous, he shall commit the Lunatic to any Public, Private, or District Asylum; and in case there shall be no such Asylum within the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff, he shall commit such Lunatic to some such Asylum of an adjoining County; and an Order, such as is herein-before prescribed, shall be granted

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

granted by the Sheriff in respect of every such Commitment; and the Person or the Parish liable in the Maintenance of such Lunatic shall be liable for the Expense of apprehending and of keeping and maintaining such Lunatic in such Asylum; and such Lunatic shall be detained in such Asylum until cured, or until Caution shall be found for his safe Custody, in which last Case it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, upon Application to that Effect, and being satisfied as to such Caution, and the Safety and Propriety of such Custody, to authorize the Delivery of the Lunatic to the Person so finding Security.

LXXXVI. If any Pauper Lunatic in respect of whom Application Power to shall be made to the Sheriff of any County as aforesaid shall have his known Settlement in another County, then it shall be lawful for the Lunatic to Sheriff either to follow out the Provisions of this Act in regard to such Lunatic, or at once to transmit along with the said Application such Lunatic in safe Custody to the Sheriff of such other County, to whom it shall be lawful to proceed as if the Application had been made to him in the first instance.

LXXXVII. Where any Person charged under any Indictment or Provision for Criminal Libel with the Commission of any Crime shall be found j^.^here insane, so that such Person cannot be tried upon such Indictment, or stands in if upon the Trial of any Person so indicted such Person shall appear bar of Trial, to the Jury charged with such Indictment or Criminal Libel to be insane, the Court before whom such Person shall be brought to be tried as aforesaid shall direct a Finding to that Effect to be recorded, and thereupon such Court shall order such Person to be kept in strict Custody until Her Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to give such Order for the safe Custody of such Person so found insane, during Her Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as to Her Majesty shall seem fit.

LXXXVIII. In all Cases where it shall be given in Evidence upon thp Provision for Trial of any Person charged under any Indictment or Criminal Libel with committing any Crime or Offence that such Person was insane at acquitted of the Time of committing such Crime or Offence, and such Person shall Charge on be acquitted, the Jury shall be required to find specially whether such the Ground Person was insane at the Time of the committing such Crime or of Insanity. Offence, and to declare whether such Person was acquitted by them on account of such Insanity; and if they shall so find and declare, the Court before whom such Trial shall be had shall order such Person to be kept in strict Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to the Court shall seem fit, until Her Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and it shall thereupon be lawful for Her Majesty to give such Order for the safe Custody of such Person during Her 8 A Pleasure,

Provision for Case of Prisoner exhibiting Insanity when in Confinement as a Prisoner.

Provision for Detention of Lunatics in remote Places.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as to Her Majesty shall seem fit.-

LXXXIX. If any Person, while imprisoned in any Prison or other Place of Confinement under any Sentence of Death, Transportation, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment, or under Charge of any Crime or Offence, or under any Civil Process, shall appear to be insane, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff of the County where such Person is imprisoned to inquire, with the Aid of Two Medical Persons, as to the Insanity of such Prisoner; and if it shall be certified by such Sheriff and such Medical Persons that such Prisoner is insane, it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon Receipt of such Certificate, to direct, by Warrant under his Hand, that such Person shall be removed to such Asylum as the said Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint; and every Prisoner so removed under this Act, and every Person removed previous to the Date of this Act, from Prison to an Asylum, by reason of his Insanity, shall remain in Confinement in such Asylum until it shall be duly certified to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Two Medical Persons, that such Person has become of sound Mind, whereupon the said Secretary of State is hereby authorized, if such Person shall remain subject to be continued in Custody, to issue his Warrant to the Superintendent of such Asylum, directing that such Person shall be removed back from thence to the Prison or other Place of Confinement from whence he shall have been taken, or, if the Period of Imprisonment of such Person shall have expired, that he shall be discharged.

XC. And whereas it may, be difficult in remote Parts of the Country to obtain the Order of the Sheriff and Medical Certificates necessary for the Reception and Detention of Lunatics under this Act, ip respect of Persons alleged to be dangerous Lunatics, or Persons in pauper or reduced Circumstances alleged to be Lunatics: It shall in such remote Places be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County in which such alleged Lunatic may be, upon being satisfied by sworn Information of the Minister or any Elder of the Parish, or other credible Person, that such alleged Lunatic is a Lunatic or a dangerous Lunatic, to grant Warrant for his Detention and Transmission in safe Custody to the nearest Town in which a Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute shall reside; and the Person in whose Custody the Lunatic is so detained and transmitted shall forthwith take all necessary, and proper Steps to obtain the requisite Medical Certificates and Order of the Sheriff of the County in which he has been apprehended, or to which he has been conveyed, by this Act required; and such

Case

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

Case shall thereafter be dealt with as a Case in which the Lunatic had been transmitted under an Order in Terms of this Act.

XCI. If the Procurator Fiscal or any of the Commissioners shall Lunatics make Application to the Sheriff for the Removal of any Lunatic from movedffrom any Asylum or House in Terms of this Act, accompanied by a Cer- one Asylum tificate of Two Medical, Persons to the Effect that such Asylum or toanother° House, is unsuitable for the Confinement of such Lunatic, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff thereupon to grant an Order for the Removal of such Lunatic from such Asylum or House to some other Asylum or House, either in his own or in some adjoining County: Provided always, that Intimation of the intended Application shall be given (to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff) to the Party by whom or at whose Instance such Lunatic was confined, or if such Party be dead or cannot be found, to his nearest known Relative; and the Expenses attending such Application for Removal, and attending the Keeping and Maintenance of such Lunatic in the Asylum to which he shall be so removed, shall be defrayed by the Party or Parish liable for the Expense of the Keeping and Maintenance of such Lunatic in the Asylum or House from which he shall be so removed.

XCII. It shall be lawful for any Person, having procured and Liberation of produced the Certificate of Two Medical Persons, approved by the EeUtion^r Sheriff, of the Recovery of any Lunatic, or bearing that such Lunatic others, may, without Risk of Injury to the Public or to the Lunatic, be set at large, and also an Order from the Sheriff for the Liberation of the Lunatic, to require the Superintendent of the Asylum in which such Lunatic is to liberate such Lunatic, and such Lunatic shall be liberated accordingly; and it shall in like Manner be lawful for the Board, upon being satisfied by the Certificate of Two Medical Persons whom they may think fit to consult of the Recovery or.

Sanity of any Person confined as a Lunatic, to order the Liberation of such Person; and, previous to the Liberation of any such Person by Order of the Board or the Sheriff, Eight Days Notice in Writing shall be given of such intended Liberation to the Person at whose Instance such Lunatic was detained, or, in the Absence of such Person, to the nearest known Relative of such Lunatic, and, in the Case of a Pauper Lunatic, to the Party or Parish by whom the Expense of the Maintenance of the Pauper Lunatic was defrayed; and in all Cases of Removal or Liberation of any Lunatic the Superintendent of the Asylum shall enter or cause to be entered in the Register to be kept by such Superintendent the Particulars of the Removal or Liberation of such Lunatic, and the Date thereof, and the Authority on which such Removal or Liberation took place; and when auy Lunatic has been discharged from any Asylum as incurable, the Fact of such Discharge

648 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 7l.

Lunatics (Scotland).

charge shall thereupon be entered in the Register of the Asylum, with a Specification of the Place to which, and Person to whose Care, such Lunatic has been sent; and Copies of all such Entries shall, within Two clear Days of the same being made, be transmitted by the Superintendent to the Board.

Exception of Lunatics detained by Courts of Law.

XCIII. Provided always, That no such Removal or Liberation shall be competent or take place in regard to any Lunatic detained under the Sentence of any Court of Justice, without the Authority of such Court, or the Warrant of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: Provided further, that if, by the Expiration of the Period of Confinement awarded by the Sentence of any Court of Law, any Lunatic would be entitled to be set at large, and such Lunatic be then uncured, it shall be lawful, upon Certificate to that Effect by Two Medical Persons, and upon an Order granted by the Sheriff, to detain such Lunatic in the Asylum in which such Lunatic then is, or to remove him to some other Asylum, as may be proper.

Patient XCIV. In the event of the Release from Confinement in any

rolcftscd *

to have Copy Asylum or House of any Person who shall consider himself to have

of Order, ' been unjustly confined, a Copy of the Order, Petition, Statement of

cate^&c. 6* Particulars, and Certificates upon which he has been confined, shall,

on which he at his Request, be furnished to him or his Agent by the Clerk to the

was confined. j}oanj without any Fee or Reward for the same.

Pauper Lu- XCV. Every Pauper Lunatic to be detained under the Powers of

b° this Act shall be sent to the Asylum for the District in which the District Parish of the Settlement of such Pauper Lunatic is situated: Pro-esfce'ptu'nder v^et^ al'vays, that, under special Circumstances, it shall be lawful special Cir- for the Parochial Board, with Consent of the Board, to dispense cumstances. wjtjj the Removal of any Pauper Lunatic to such Asylum, and to provide for him in such other Manner and under such Regulations as to Inspection and otherwise as shall be sanctioned by the Board; and provided further, that the Provisions of this Act as to the requisite Licence and Order, and Returns or Reports to the Board, shall be duly complied with.

Lunatics to XCVI. In every Public, Private, and District Asylum there shall be kept in be regularly kept a Book, to be entitled " Register of Lunatics, "

Asylums. in -which shall be distinctly set forth all the Particulars relating to every Lunatic who shall be received or detained in such Asylum in the Manner and Form set forth in the Schedule (I.) hereunto annexed; and a Copy of such Register shall be transmitted to the Board at such Times as they shall direct; and any Superintendent of any such Asylum who shall fail or neglect to keep such Book, or to transmit

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 7t. 649

Lunatics [Scotland).

suet Copy as so directed, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XCVII. In case of the Death of any Lunatic in any Public, Private, Registration or District Asylum or House in Terms of this Act, a Statement of Death of setting forth the Time and Cause of the Death, and the Duration of Lunatics, the Disease of which the Lunatic died, shall be prepared and signed by the Medical Person who attended the Lunatic during the Illness which terminated in Death, or who attended at the Time of such Death; and in every Public, Private, or District Asylum such Statement shall be entered in a Register to be kept in such Asylum in the Terms set forth in the Schedule (J.) hereunto annexed; and a Copy of such Statement, certified by the Superintendent of such Asylum or House, shall within Three Days of the Date of the Death be transmitted to the Board, and also to the Party or Parish by whom the Expense of the Maintenance of the Lunatic is defrayed, and to the Person on whose Application the Lunatic was confined; and every such Medical Person or Superintendent who shall fail in the Duties prescribed to them as aforesaid shall be guilty of an Offence, and for for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XCVIII. The Board, on receiving such Copies of such Register General Books and Entries, shall, after making such Examination thereof to

as they may deem proper, cause the same to be preserved in the Office of the Board; and from the Reports and Returns and Copies of Registers, and other Documents transmitted to the Board, shall cause to be prepared and completed, from Time to Time, as they shall direct, a General Register of all the Lunatics who shall be kept or taken care of under the Provisions of this Act, and such Register shall exhibit the Asylum or House under this Act into which each Lunatic is received, and the Time of his Reception, and also the respective Dates of the Removal, and the Place to which and the Person to whose Care the Lunatic is removed, and also the Date of the Liberation or Death of each Lunatic; and the Board may, at their Discretion, give Information to any Party inquiring into any of the Facts set forth in such Register, or may refuse such Information; and no Inspection of the Contents of such Register, or of any such Copies of Register Books or Entries, shall take place without their written Authority; and any Person making or permitting to be made any Inspection of the Contents of such Register,

Register Books, or Entries, without such written Authority, shall be guilty of-an Offence, and for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

Punishment for maltreating any Lunatic.

Power to the Lord Advocate to inspect Books of Commissioner.

Penalty on false Statements, or Refusal to comply with Act.

Board annually to report to Secretary of State.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

XCIX. If any Superintendent, Inspector, Officer, or Servant, or other Person employed in any Public, Private, or District Asylum or House in Terms of this Act, or otherwise having the Care of any Person detained as a Lunatic Patient under this Act, shall wilfully maltreat, abuse, or neglect any Person so detained, to the Injury of such Person, or if any Person detaining or taking or having the Care or Charge, or concerned or taking part in the t Custody, Care, or Treatment, of any Lunatic or Person alleged to be a Lunatic, in any way abuse, illtreat, or wilfully neglect such Lunatic or alleged Lunatic, such Superintendent, Inspector, Officer, Servant, or other Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Six Months, without Prejudice to any Action for Damages at the Instance of the Party aggrieved, or of the Person on whose Application he was detained acting on his Behalf, or of any other Person having Interest, in any competent Court of Law: Provided always, that where any such Maltreatment or Abuse shall amount to an Assault, the Party committing such Offence may be prosecuted, at the Discretion of the Public Prosecutor, either for such Assault or for the Offence under this Act.

C. It shall be lawful for the Lord Advocate of Scotland for the Time being at all Times to examine and inspect all the Books, Registers, Minutes, Proceedings, Reports, Returns, Accounts, and Documents of every Description kept by and in possession of the Board, who shall afford all such Information regarding every Particular under their Charge, and the Execution of the Duties therewith connected, as the Lord Advocate shall at any Time require.

CI. Any Person who shall wilfully make any false Statement or Return or Report, or who shall wilfully make any false Representation upon any Plan or Writing to be used under this Act, or who shall refuse to give any Information which by this Act is required of him, or who shall conceal or refuse to divulge any Matter or Thing as to which Inquiry shall be made of him under this Act, shall be guilty of an Offence, and for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months.

CII. The Board shall annually, on or before the First Day of February in each Year, report to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State regarding the Condition and Management of all Public, Private, and District Asylums and Houses in which any

Lunatic

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatic? (Scotland).

Lunatic is kept or detained under an Order of the Sheriff in Terms of this Act.

CIII. Orkney and Shetland, with their respective Dependencies, Orkney and shall be taken to be separate Counties for the Purposes of this Act. Shetland

r r separate

Counties.

CIV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of Provision for State for the Home Department, at any Time, by Order in Writing J^na under his Hand, to require the Persons or Person to whom such Order tics under shall be directed, or any of them, to visit and examine any Person detained or taken charge of as a Lunatic, or represented to be a state. Lunatic, or to be under any Restraint as a Lunatic, and to make a Report to such Secretary of State of such Matters as in such Order shall be directed to be inquired into; and all and every Person or Persons having the Care, Custody, or Charge of any Person to whom such Order in Writing applies shall give every Facility for the due Execution of such Order.

CV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department to employ the Board or any Person to inspect and inquire into the State of any Asylum, House, or Place wherein any Lunatic, or Person represented to be a Lunatic, shall be confined or alleged to be confined, and to report to him the Result of such Inspection and Inquiry; and every such Person so employed may be paid such Sum of Money for his Attendance and Trouble as such Secretary of State shall deem reasonable; and every such Person so employed shall be allowed his reasonable travelling and other Expenses while so employed; and such Sum of Money for Attendance and Trouble, and such Expenses, shall be charged on and shall be paid out of any Monies to be voted for that Purpose by Parliament.

Power to Secretary of StatQ to order a special Visitation of any Place where a Lunatic is represented to be confined.

CVI. All the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed may Penalties, be sued for in the Name of the Secretary or of the Procurator Fiscal how to

v recovered

of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed or in /

which the Offender may be found, and may be recovered by summary Proceeding in the Name of such Secretary or Procurator Fiscal, or of any Agent appointed by the Board, upon Complaint in Writing to the Sheriff of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, or to the Sheriff of any County in which the Offender may be found; and on such Complaint the Sheriff shall issue a Warrant for bringing the Party complained against before him, or shall issue an Order requiring such Party to appear on a Day and at a Time and Place to be named in such Order; and every such Order shall be served on the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics [Scotland).

Application of Penalties.

Informalities.

Powers granted to Sheriffs to be without Prejudice to their Power at Law.

Any County may constitute itself into a District under this Act.

the Party by delivering to him in Person, or by leaving at his usual Place of Abode, a Copy of such Order, and of the Complaint whereupon the same has proceeded; and upon the Appearance, or upon the Default to appear, of the Party, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff to proceed to the Hearing of the' Complaint, and upon such Proof of the Offence as shall satisfy the Sheriff, and without any written Pleadings or Record, the Sheriff shall convict the Offender, and upon such Conviction shall decern and adjudge the Offender to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, as well as such Expenses as the Sheriff shall think fit, and shall grant Warrant for imprisoning the Offender until such Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrant shall specify a Period at the Expiration of which the Party shall be discharged, notwithstanding such Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses shall not have been paid, which Period shall in no Case exceed Six Months, unless herein otherwise specially provided.

CVII. The Amount of the Penalties or Forfeitures to be so awarded and recovered in respect of any Public or Private Asylum shall be paid and applied towards the general Expenses of the Board; and the Penalties or Forfeitures to be awarded in respect of any District Asylum shall be paid to the District Board of the District in which the Offence shall have been committed, as the Case may be, to be by such District Board applied in Payment of the Expenses of the District Asylum under their Charge as aforesaid; provided that no Person shall be liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by virtue of this Act unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been prosecuted for within Six Months after the Commission or Discovery of the Offence for which it was incurred.

CVIII. No Proceeding for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act shall be set aside for Want of Form, nor shall the same be removed by Suspension, Advocation, Appeal, or otherwise, or be in any Manner subject to Review.

CIX. The Powers and Authorities granted by this Act to Sheriffs shall be in addition and without Prejudice to the Powers and Authorities otherwise competent to Sheriffs by Law, all which Powers and Authorities, as well as the Powers hereby granted, may be exercised by them in aid and in the Execution of this Act.

CX. If the Prison Board of any County shall so resolve, at a Meeting to be held within Six Months after the passing of this Act, called by public Advertisement for the special Purpose of considering the Propriety of passing such Resolution, such County shall be severed

from

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

from the District of which by this Act it forms Part, and be a separate District in itself; and such Resolution shall be communicated to the Board, and shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette and North British Advertiser Newspaper by the Clerk of such Prison Board within Twenty-one Days after the passing thereof, and on being so communicated and published shall receive Effect; and such County shall then be and become a District under this Act, in the same Way and Manner as if it had been herein specially constituted such District, and the Remainder of the District from which it is so severed shall thenceforward be and become a District under this Act, in the same Way as if such County had never been joined with it.

CXI. It shall be competent to the Board, during the Period of Provision* Five Years from and after the First Day of January One thousand of ttis Act

J *' may be en *

eight hundred and fifty-eight, and to the Inspectors General in Lunacy forced sum-

under this Act, or either of them, after the Expiration of such Period, marily *

to enforce the Provisions of this Act or any of them, by summary

Application to the Court of Session, or to any Sheriff Court having

Jurisdiction over the Respondent in such Application, and it shall not

be necessary to proceed by way of ordinary Action.

CXII. Every Inspector of the Poor shall, within Seven Days Inspectors of after he shall have become aware of any Pauper Lunatic being within j^ation the Parish of which he is Inspector, notify the same to the Chairman of Pauper of the Parochial Board, and he shall also within the same Period ^"^cs^ intimate to the Board of Commissioners in Lunacy under this Act Parishes, the Name and Residence of such Pauper Lunatic, and all the Circumstances he may have ascertained regarding his State and Condition, together with the Steps that may have been taken in reference to the Care and Custody of such Pauper Lunatic; and if any such Inspector shall fail within the said Period to make such Notification and Intimation, or either of them, he shall be liable in a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

CXIII. Whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament Certain holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present g^g1'vict^ Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Adminis- c. 83 tration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor1 in Scotland, repealed* the Board of Supervision thereby established is authorized and empowered, on any Parochial Board refusing or neglecting to provide for the Removal of an insane or fatuous poor Person to an Asylum or Establishment legally authorized to receive any Lunatic Patients, to take such Measures as may be necessary for removing such insane or fatuous poor Persons to such Lunatic Asylum or Establishment; and it is thereby provided, that under special Circumstances in par-8 C ticular

Lunatics (Scotland).

ticular Cases the said Board of Supervision might dispense with such Removal: The said Act, in so far as it grants such Powers to the said Board of Supervision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Clauses8 CXIV. The assessing Clauses of this Act shall not extend to the

not to apply County of Shetland. to Shetland. '

Lunatics (Scotland).

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Summons by the Commissioners.

In the Matter of A.B., a Lunatic [or an insane Person, or an Idiot, or a Person of unsound Mind].

I, one of the Board of the Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland, in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled [insert the Title of this Act], do hereby grant Warrant to Messengers-at-Arms and

Sheriff Officers conjunctly and severally to summon, warn, and charge and each of them, personally or at their respective Dwelling Places, in common Form, to appear before me at [insert Place], on the Day of 18 at o'Clock

noon, and then and there to testify and bear witness, so far as they and each of them know and shall be asked, concerning the aforesaid Matter, under the Penalties specified in the said Act.

Given at Edinburgh this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

C.D., Commissioner.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Licence by the Commissioners.

1, one of the Board of the Commissioners in Lunacy for Scotland, do hereby certify, That E.F. of in the Parish of

and County of has delivered to me a Plan and Description of a House and Premises proposed to be licensed for the Reception of Lunatics situated at in the County of in which it is proposed to receive Patients not exceeding in

Number [or, in the Case of a renewed Licence, has delivered to me a List of the Number of Patients now detained in a House and Premises situated at in the County of in which there

are at present Patients], and the Board having considered

and approved of the same do hereby authorize and empower the said E.F.

[he intending or not intending to reside therein] to use and employ the said House and Premises for the Reception of

Male

Lunatics (

Male [or Female or Male and Female]

Lunatics, whereof are Paupers, for the Space of

Calendar Months from this Date.

Given at Edinburgh this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

, Commissioner.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Fobm of Statement to be lodged with a Petition to the Sheriff for the Reception of a Lunatic.

1. Christian Name and Surname of Patient at Length.

2. Sex and Age.

3. Married, single, or widowed.

4. Condition of Life, and previous Occupation (if any).

5. Religious Persuasion so far as known.

6. Previous Place of Abode.

7. Place where found and examined.

8. Length of Time insane.

9. Whether first Attack.

10. Age (if known) on first Attack.

11. When and where previously under Examination, and Treat-

ment.

12. Duration of existing Attack.

13. Supposed Cause.

14. Whether subject to Epilepsy.

15. Whether suicidal.

16. Whether dangerous to others.

17- Parish or Union to which the Lunatic [if a ] is

chargeable.

18. Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode of nearest known Relative of the Patient, and Degree of Relationship (if known), and whether any Member of his Family known to be or to have been insane.

19. Special Circumstances (if any) preventing the Insertion of any of the above Particulars.

I certify, That to the best of my Knowledge the above Particulars are correctly stated.

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

[To be signed by the Party .]

Lunatics (Scotland).

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Medical Certificate.

I, the undersigned, (set forth the Qualification entitling the Person certifying to grant the Certificate, e.g., being a Member of the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh,] and being in actual Practice as a [Physician, Surgeon, or otherwise, as the Case may be), do hereby certify on Soul and Conscience, That I have this Day at [insert the Street and Number of the House (if any) or other like Particulars,] in the county of , separately from any other Medical Practitioner visited and personally examined [insert Designation and Residence, and if a Pauper state so], and that the said A.B. is a Lunatic [or an insane Person, or an Idiot, or a Person of unsound Mind], and a proper Person to be detained under Care and Treatment, and that I have formed this Opinion upon the following Grounds, viz.: 

1. Facts indicating Insanity observed by myself [state the

Facts].

2. Other Facts (if any) indicating Insanity communicated to me

by others [state the Information, and from whom].

(Signed) [Name and Medical Designation and Place of Abode.]

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Order to be granted by the Sheriff for the Reception

of a Lunatic.

I, G.H., Sheriff [or Sheriff Substitute, or Steward, or Steward Substitute] of the County [or Stewartry] of having

had produced to me, with a Petition at the Instance of I.K.

[Name and Designation], Certificates under the Hands of and being Two Medical Persons duly qualified in

Terms of an Act [specify this Act], setting forth that they had separately visited and examined A.B.

[describe him, and if a Pauper state so], and that the said A.B. is a Lunatic, [or an insane Person, or an Idiot, or a Person of unsound Mind,] and a proper Person to be detained and taken care of, do hereby authorize you to receive the said A.B. as a Patient into the Public [or Private] Asylum of ' and I authorize his Transmission to the said

Asylum accordingly, and I transmit to you herewith the said Medical 8 D Certificates,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71 *

Lunatics [Scotland).

Certificates, and a Statement regarding the said A.B. which accompanied the said Petition.

Dated this Day of 18

(Signed)

To the Superintendent of the Public Asylum "1 r 1

[or Private Asylum] of J

SCHEDULE (F.)

Notice of Admission.

I hereby give Notice, That A.B.

[] was received into

this House as a Private [or Pauper] Patient, on the Day of

, and I hereby transmit a Copy of the Order and Medical Certificates and Statement on which he was received.

Subjoined is a Report with respect to the mental and bodily Condition of the above-named Patient.

(Signed) Superintendent.

Dated at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Report.

I have this Day seeii and personally examined A.B., the Patient named in the above Notice, and hereby report and certify, with respect to his mental State, that [insert Part], and with respect to his bodily Health and Condition, that [insert ].

(Signed) L. M., Physician [or Surgeon].

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (G.)

I, L.M., a Medical Person duly qualified in Terms of the Act

[specify this Act], certify, on Soul and Conscience, That C.D.

[name and design the Patient] is afflicted [state the Nature of the ],

but that the Malady is not confirmed, and that I consider it expedient, with a view to his Recovery, that he should be placed [specify the House in which the Patient is to be ] for a temporary Residence of [specify a Time, not exceeding Six Months].

Lunatics [Scotland.)

SCHEDULE (H.)

Districts or Divisions of Scotland.

1. The Edinburgh District to comprise the Counties of 

Edinburgh.

Haddington.

Berwick.

Linlithgow.

Roxburgh.

Selkirk.

Peebles.

Orkney.

2. The Inverness District to comprise the Counties of 

Sutherland.

Ross and Cromarty.

Inverness.

Elgin and Nairae.

3. The Aberdeen District to comprise the Counties of 

Caithness.

Banff.

Aberdeen.

Kincardine.

Shetland.

4. The Perth District to comprise the Counties of 

Forfar.

Perth.

Fife.

Clackmannan.

Kinross.

5. The Dumfries District to comprise the Counties of 

Dumfries.

Kirkcudbright.

Wigton.

6. The Glasgow District to comprise 

Lanarkshire.

7. The Stirling District to comprise the Counties of 

Argyll.

Bute.

Dumbarton.

Stirling.

8. The Renfrew District to comprise the Counties of 

Renfrew.

Ayr.

SCHEDULE (I.)

REGISTER OF LUNATICS.

0

01

D

cq '

o

0

c§

C/5

o

33

W

Date of last previous Admission (if any). Number in order of Admission. | Date of Admission. Christian and Surname at full Length. Sex and Class. &> <; Condition as to Marviage. Condition of Life and previous Occupation.

Private. Pauper. Married. Single. 1 Widowed.

M. F. M. F.

r 1850.

1 January 3 William Johnson - - 1 - 23 - 1 - Carpenter

2

3

1852.

3 4 June 9 William Johnson - - 1 - 25 - 1 -

5

6

1856.

7 May 6 William Johnson - - 1 - 29 - 1 -

8

jas

it

S3

5 -a o

O

<0

1 *

.§ e JJ8 s *

SS

3"

.1

Form

of

Mental

Disorder.

Melancholia

Duration

of

existing

Attacks.

I e <0

0 j v 0 to i C

Date of

Discharge,

Removal

or

Death.

"i

I

17

1850. Sept 1

1852. Dec. 2

1857.]une 8

Discharged.

8

t

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71.

Lunatics (Scotland).

SCHEDULE (J.)

REGISTER of DEATHS.

SCHEDULE (K.)

No. 1.

Form of Assignation in Security to be granted for Monies borrowed on the Security of Assessments.

Assignation in Security No.

[insert Number].

We Members of the

District Board under the Act [specify this Act], in pursuance of the Powers of the said Act, do hereby, in consideration of the Sum of [specify Sum advanced], assign to [name and design Creditor], and his, Heirs, Executors, and Assignees, [or as the Case may be], all the District Assessments to be raised and paid within the said District under the said Act, in Security of the Repayment of the said Sum of and of the Interest thereof

after the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day of until Payment, which

Sum is to be repayable, with the Interest at the Rate foresaid, as follows: [state the Terms of Repayment according to the Arrangement]. And we consent to Registration. In witness whereof [insert Testing Clause in common Form].

8 E

No. 2

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 71

Lunatic* (Scotland).

No. 2.

Form of Transfer of Assignation in Security.

I (Name and Designation], transfer to (Name and ],

and his Heirs, Executors, and Assignees, an Assignation in Security, numbered (insert the Number of the ], and dated (insert

Date], granted by the District Board of the

District to (Name and Designation], for (insert the and the Interest thereof from the Day of, And

I consent to Registration. In witness whereof (insert Testing Clause in common Form).

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the First (Chapter Twenty-six), "for more effec- HG.l-c. 26. " tual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and " Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," whereby the Freeholders of every Shire, County, or District in Scotland were authorized to assess the several Shires or Stewartries for raising a sufficient Fund to defray the Charges of apprehending, subsisting, and prosecuting Criminals; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter 2 & 3 W. 4. Sixty-five) ," to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland" c* 65, whereby the Collection and Application of the said Fund commonly called " Rogue Money " was transferred from the Freeholders to the Commissioners of Supply; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty 2 & 3 Vict. (Chapter Sixty-five) ," to amend the Mode of assessing the Rogue c *

" Money in Scotland, and to extend the Purposes of such Assessment," whereby the Commissioners of Supply of any County were authorized to levy with and as Part of the Rogue Money an additional

666

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

tional Assessment for the Maintenance of a Constabulary or Police Force in such County, and such additional Assessments have been levied and such Force has been established in some Counties in Scotland: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in 3 fc 4, W. 4. the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter c' ' Forty-six) ," to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general " System of Police," which Act was subsequently amended by an Act 10 & 11 Vict. passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth and Eleventh c. 39. Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Thirty-nine); and an Act was passed 13& u Vict. in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth c. 33. Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Thirty-three) ," to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous " Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and " improving the same and the Three last-recited Acts have been adopted in whole or in part in some Burghs in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that further and other Provision be made for securing an efficient Police Force throughout Scotland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows

Commis- I. On the Twenty-ninth Day of September, or on some other Day Supply to thereafter not later than the Thirty-first Day of October One thou-establish sand eight hundred and fifty-seven the Commissioners of Supply of Police Force. every County in Scotland shall hold a Meeting on such Day and at such Hour and Place as may be publicly notified by the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply by Advertisement at least Twenty-one v Days previous to such Meeting in the Edinburgh Gazette and in some One or more Newspapers published in such County, or, if there be no such Newspaper, then in some One or more Newspapers published in an adjoining County or Counties, and at such Meeting Or at any Adjournment thereof (not later than the said Thirty-first Day of October) the said Commissioners of Supply shall proceed to .establish, from and, after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, a sufficient Polioe Force for such County, and for that Purpose shall declare the Number of Constables they propose should be appointed, and the Rates of Pay whiph it would be expedient to pay to the Chief and other Constables, and shall report such their Proceedings in Writing to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. 1

Commission- j[. The Commissioners of Supply of every County shall at tibeir tTappoint 7 First Meeting for the Purposes of this Act, or at any Adjournment Police Com- thereof as aforesaid, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, or on carry Act some other Day thereafter not later than the Thirty-first Day of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

October, and in all subsequent Years at their statutory Meeting on into »iec»-, dhe . Thirtieth Day of April, appoint certain of their own Number1, taon-:> being not more than Fifteen and not less than Three, which Persons *-to appointed; along with Her Majesty's Lieutenant and the Sheriff of the County (or, in the Absence of such Sheriff, One of his Substitutes to be by him nominated for that Purpose), shall be called "The Police Committee," to manage and transact all or any Matters which such Police Committee is hereby required or authorized to do, execute, or perform; and every such Committee shall also have such' or so many of Powers and Authorities and Discretion by-this Act given 'to and toposed in such Commissioners of Supply as such Commissioners of Supply shall think proper to. delegate to such Committee; and such Police Committee shall elect One of their own Number to be their Chairman, and any Three Members of such Police Committee shall be a Quorum, and entitled to exercise all the Powers of such Police Committee; and at all Meetings of such Police Committee the Majority present and voting shall rule the Decision; and where the Votes of those present shall be equal the Chairman -of the Police Committee, or in his Absence any Member chosen by said Committee to be Preses of the Meeting, shall have a Casting Vote.in addition to his own Vote; and such Committee may from Time to Time appoint Sub-Committees with such of the Powers of the said Committee as they may think fit.

III. Rules for the Government, Pay, Clothing, and Accoutrements Rules for and Necessaries of such Constables as may be appointed under this Act shall from Time to Time be made by One of Her Majesty's &c. of Con-Principal Secretaries of State, but not so as to increase the Number stables to

r r, be made by

of Men proposed to be appointed; and the Rules so made shall be Secretary of

sent to the Clerk of Supply for every County, and shall be by him State-

communicated to the Chairman of the Police Committee, the Sheriff

Clerk, and Justice of Peace Clerk of such County respectively; and it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State, upon the Representation of the Commissioners of Supply of the County setting forth any special Reasons, from Time to Time to suspend any Part of such Rules, or to amend or add to such Rules, so as to make them applicable to the special Circumstances of such County; and all such Rules shall be binding on all Persons whom they may concern; and Copies of all such Rules shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting then within Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament.

IV. As soon as any such Rules, as finally settled, shall have been Chief Con-redeived from the Secretary of State, the Chairman of the Police tountyftobfc

<*'*> Committee appointed;

and may serve for more than One County.

Number of Constables may be increased or diminished.

Chief Constable to appoint the other Constables.

Additional Constables may be appointed at

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

Committee of the County shall call a Meeting of the said Committee on not less than Ten or more than Twenty Days Notice, and at such Meeting or at any Adjournment thereof such Police Committee shall, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, appoint a Person duly qualified according to the Rules to be Chief Constable of the County from and after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and in every Case of Vacancy of the Office of Chief Constable the Chairman of the Police Committee shall call a Meeting of the Police Committee as aforesaid, and at such Meeting or at any Adjournment thereof such Police Committee shall, subject to the like Approval, appoint a fit Person to be Chief Constable; and every Chief Constable may hold his Office until dismissed by the Police Committee; and it shall be lawful to appoint the same Chief Constable for Two or more adjoining Counties, if the Commissioners of Supply of such Counties shall agree to join in such Appointment.

V. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply, on the Recommendation of the Police Committee of any County, from Time to Time, with the Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to increase or diminish the Number of Constables appointed under this Act for such County.

VI. The Chief Constable shall, subject to the Approval of the Police Committee, appoint the other Constables to be appointed for the County, and a Superintendent to be at the Head of the Constables in each Division of the County, and may dismiss all or any of them, and shall have the general Disposition and Government of all the Constables so to be appointed, subject to such lawful Orders as he may receive from the Sheriff, or from the Justices of the Peace in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and to the Rules established for the Government of the Force in Terms of this Act: Provided always, that in the Case of any conflicting Orders being issued by the Sheriff and Justices of the Peace assembled as aforesaid, the Orders of the Sheriff shall be followed by the Chief Constable, until the Decision of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall be pronounced on the Subject, which Decision, unless in so far as the same may be afterwards altered or modified by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall be final and conclusive.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Chief Constable of any County, with the Approval of the Sheriff or of the Justices of the County in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, (if he shall think fit,) on the

Application

669

Police (Scotland).

Application of any Person or Persons, setting forth the Necessity the Cost of thereof, to appoint and cause to be sworn in any additional Number Indmdu»k. of Constables, at any Place within the Limits of his Authority, at the Charge of the Person or Persons by whom the Application shall be made, but subject to the Orders of the Chief Constable, and for such Time as he shall think fit; and every such Constable shall have all the Powers, Privileges, and Duties of other Constables appointed under this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons on whose Application such Appointment shall have been made, upon giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Chief Constable, to require that the Constables so appointed shall be discontinued, and thereupon the Chief Constable shall discontinue such additional Constables.

I

VIII. It shall be lawful for the Sheriff of any County within power to whose Jurisdiction the Works of any Railway, Canal, or other Public appoint Work of a similar Nature shall be in progress of Construction, upon Constables the Application of the Company or other Parties carrying on any to keep the such Public Work, or for any Two Justices of the Peace of such p^uc°n County usually acting in the District in or through which any such Works. Public Work may be in the Course of Construction, on similar Application, to direct from Time to Time the Chief Constable of such County to appoint such additional Number of Constables as such Sheriff or Justices may think fit, for the special Purpose of keeping the Peace, and for the Security of Persons and Property against Crimes and unlawful Acts, within the Limits of such Public Works, and within a Mile therefrom, and such Constables so appointed shall be specially charged with such Duties, and shall have all the Powers, Privileges, and Duties of other Constables appointed under the Act; and such Sheriff or Justices shall decern the Company or Company or other Parties carrying on such Public Works to make Payment to p*rtie8 car'_

o / rying on such

the Clerk of Supply of the County of the Wages and Allowances of Works to such Constables so appointed, at such Rate and at such Time and Pjf7^Pen8es in such Manner as the Sheriff or Justices shall appoint: Provided Constables, always, that the Rate so paid shall not exceed the highest Rate paid for the Time to any other Constable of the County; and where the Company or other Parties carrying on any Public Work shall refuse or neglect, within Fourteen Days next after Demand thereof, to pay any such Wages and Allowances, or any Part thereof, as shall by such Sheriff or Justices have been directed to be paid, it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or Justices forthwith to cause the same to be levied, together with the Expenses of levying the same, by Poinding and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Company or other Parties liable to pay such Wages and Allowances.

8 G IX. The

8 I*# Vict. c., 3.

repealed after Twelve Months from the Date of this Act.

Chief Constable to appoint a Deputy.

Oath to be taken by

Constables.

Powers of Constables.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Pbike (Scotland).

IX. Hie >Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden - in the Eighth Year of Her Majesty (Chapter Three) ," for the Appointment! " of Constables or other Offiperefor keeping the Peace near Piiblic " Works in Scotland"shall be and the same is hereby repealed:

Provided always, that the /said last-mentioned Act shall continue in force for Twelve Months after the passing of this Act as regards all' Constables or Peaqe Officers appointed and doing Duty under, the said last-mentioned Act.

, X. The Chief Constable shall, subject to the Approval of the Po)ice Committee, appoint One of the Superintendents or othext Officer of the Police Force, to act as his Deputy in case of hit being incapable, from Illness or necessary Absence from the County, to perform the Duties of Chief Constable of the County; and the Deputy so appointed shall, in such Case as aforesaid, and also in case of any Vacancy of the Office of Chief Constable by Death or otherwise, have all the Powers, Privileges, and Duties of the Chief Constable: Provided always, that no Deputy Chief Constable shall be capable of continuing to act with the Powers of Chief Constable during any Vacancy of the Office for more than Three Months after the Vacanqy has been occasioned.

XI. The Chief Constable and other Persons so appointed shall, before the Sheriff or any Justice of the Peace for the County, take the following Oath; videlicet,

J hereby swear. That I will faithfully discharge the Duties of the ' Office of Constable

And shall have all the Powers and Privileges which any Constable or Police Officer duly appointed has by virtue of the Common Law, or of any Statute, made or to be made, throughout the County for which they are so appointed, and also in all detached Parts of other Counties locally situated within such County, and also in any Harbour, Bay, Loch, or Anchorage within or adjoining such County, and in every Burgh situated wholly or in part in such County, and also in any County adjoining to the County for which they are appointed; and it shall be lawful to any Constable appointed for any One of the Border Counties of England or Scotland respectively, (that is to say,) the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Berwick, Roxburgh, or Dumfries, to execute within any of such Counties the lawful Warrant of any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate for the Apprehension of any Person accused or convicted of a Criminal Offence committed, or for the recovering of any Goods alleged to have been stolen, within the County of which such Constable had been duly appointed One of the Constables, in like Manner

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72. 67f

Police [Scotland],

Manner aS such Warrant might be executed by such Constable within the said last described County.

XII. The Constables to be appointed' in any - County under this Duties of; v " Act are hereby required, authorized, and empowered to guard; Const^lcs; i! patrol; and watch within the Ccamty, according to such Regulations:

as ittay - from Time to°Time be prescribed by competent AutKo- '<.<

rity under this5 Act, and to brin£ befofe the Sheriff or'Justices of; r the Peace* One or more, dll Persoris who may be found within the 1 1 J County actually' engaged in or-committing any criminal, riotonk ,; or disorderly Conduct or Act, including Offences committed on any Turnpike or Statute Labour Road, or otherwise, in contravention of the Provisions of the; General or any Local Turnpike Act, or of the 1 >

General or any Local- Statute*Labour Act, or accused or suspected of, , : having committed Grim, Delinquencies* or Offences, of whatsoever -Description, and at what Place soever- the same may have been or are suspected to have been committed, whether the same be of such a Kind as can qpmpct^ptly bq tried before §uph Stariff pr Justices, or)

be of a.Nature requiring, to be remitted fqr .-Trial; .Jbefore a, higher. *c"

Tribunal, or which, from having been committed beyond the Bounds of the County, fall, to 'be tried in another Jurisdiction; and such ' ' ' f Constables shall perform all the Duties attaching to Constables, or ' .; '

Police Officers, within any Couifty at the JDate of the!passjq^f.this Act, and shall carry into effecjt, as far , as ipay. be ,; , the whole Provision? and Regulations herein contained.,

XIII. Upon 'the Apprehension of any Person*-charged With any Courtages. Offence, such as' may he competently tried by any Justice or Jus- ^n CaaesT" tices of the Peace, it shell be lawftil for. the< Chief Constable, or any accept-Bail*. Superintendent of' Police, or any Constable duly 'authorized by or Deposit, the Police Committee, -'and in charge for the Time being "of any Station House, ' Strong Room, ? or Lockup, to accept, ' but only if he shall think fit, - of Rail or Deposit that-such Person; shall appear for Examination apd Trial hqfore the Sheriff or Justice-of the Peace Court at Some Time end Place to be specified, anti' at all after Diets of Court, and (todiberate the Person so apprehended upon Bail being found tt> ta° Amount /not -Oxceeding Teh Pounds, or upon the Deposit; of any Money or- Article of Value to the Amount of the Bail fixed; and such Constable or mother Officer, shall entdr in a Book lo be kept for that Purpose1 the Narnes, Residence, and Occupation of the Party, tad Person, or Persons; 5 if'any, accepted as Bail, and the Amount and Condition thereof, and if Deposit be accepted shall forthwith enter the same in such Bobk, and grant an Acknowledgment for the Money or Article so deposited; r and every such Bail shall be

equally

Warrants and Deliverances in Criminal Proceedings to be executed by Constables.

Constables to perform all Duties connected with the Police.

Constables not to receive to their own Use Fees for Performance of their Duties.

Constables disqualified from voting at certain Elections.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

equally effectual and operative in all respects as if taken or accepted by any Magistrate.

XIV. All Warrants and Deliverances which may be issued in any Criminal Proceeding within any County by the Sheriff or any Justice or Justices of the Peace of such County, or Magistrates of Burghs forming Part of such County for the Purposes of this Act, may be served and executed, and all Services, Citations, and Executions in any Criminal Proceeding before such Sheriff, Justices, or Magistrate may be made and given by any Constable of such County appointed under this Act.

XV. The Constables acting under this Act shall, in addition to their ordinary Duties, perform all such Duties connected with the Police in their respective Counties as the Sheriff or the Justices of the Peace of the County may from Time to Time direct and require.

XVI. It shall not be lawful for any Constable acting under this or any of the recited Acts to receive to his own Use any Fee for the Performance of any Act done by him in the Execution of his Duty as such Constable; but this Enactment shall not extend to prevent the Receipt by any such Constable of any Fee or other Payment legally payable which he may be liable to accouu . for and pay over to the Clerk of Supply of the County, or otherwise for the Use of the County.

XVII. No Constable appointed by virtue of this Act shall, during the Time he shall continue to be such Constable, or within Six Months after he shall have ceased to be such Constable, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County in which he is so appointed, or any Part thereof, or for any County adjoining thereunto, or for any Royal or Parliamentary Burgh or Town within any of the said Counties; nor shall any such Constable, by Word, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to induce any Elector to give, or abstain from giving, his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament as aforesaid; and if any such Constable shall offend therein he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same by Action of Debt, to be commenced within Six Months after the Commission of the Offence; and one Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk of Supply of the County, to be by him applied for the Purposes of the Police under this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72. 673

Police [Scotland).

contained shall subject any Constable to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his Dut\\

XVIII. All Constables holding Office under this Act shall be Constables exempt from being returned and from serving upon any Juries f^m serv-

whatsoever, or in the Militia, nor shall they be inserted in any logon T T ., Juries, &c.

Jury Lists.

XIX. No Office or Employment as a Constable under this Act Constables shall prevent the Holder thereof from receiving any Half Pay or Pen- "enteT from sion to which, if he did not hold or have such Office or Employment, receiving he might be or become entitled.

XX. Every Constable appointed under this Act who shall be Penalty on guilty of any Neglect or Violation of Duty in his Office of Constable, ^Neglect and shall be convicted thereof before the Sheriff or any Two Justices of Duty, of the Peace, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, the Amount of which Penalty may be deducted from any Salary or Wages due to such Offender, or, in the Discretion of the Sheriff or Justices by whom he shall be convicted, he may be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Month.

XXI. No Constable appointed under this Act shall be at liberty Constables to resign his Office, or to withdraw himself from the Duties thereof, °°j*j^utCslgn unless expressly allowed so to do, in Writing, by the Chief Constable Leave or or Superintendent under whom he may be placed, or unless he shall 1Sotlcc' give to such Chief Constable or Superintendent One Month's Notice in Writing of his Intention; and every Constable who shall resign or withdraw himself without such Leave or Notice shall be liable, on being convicted thereof, to forfeit all Arrears of Pay then due to him, or to a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds.

XXII. Every Constable appointed under this Act who shall be Constables dismissed from or shall cease to hold and exercise his Office, and dismissed to

7 deliver up

who shall not forthwith deliver over all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Accoutre-Appointments, and other Necessaries which may have been supplied ments> &c-to him for the Execution of his Duty to the Chief Constable or Superintendent, or to such Person and at such Time and Place as shall be directed by the said Chief Constable or Superintendent, shall be liable, on being convicted thereof before the Sheriff or any Two Justices of the Peace, to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Month; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or any Justice of the Peace to issue his Warrant to search for and seize to the Use of the County Police all the Clothing,

8 H Accou-

Penalty on unlawful Possession of Accoutrements, and assuming Dress of Constables.

Penalty on Publicans harbouring Constables i during the Hours of Duty.

Horses, &c. in the Service of the Police exempted from Toll.

Chief Constable to make Reports.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries which shall not be so delivered over, wherever the same may be found.

XXIII. Every Person, not being a Constable appointed under this Act, who shall have in his Possession any Article, being Part of the Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments supplied to any such Constable, and who shall not be able satisfactorily to account for his Possession thereof, or who shall put on the Dress, or take the Name, Designation, or Character of any Person appointed as such Constable, for the Purpose of thereby obtaining Admission into any House or other Place, or of doing or procuring to be done any Act which such Person would not be entitled to do or procure to be done of his own Authority, or for any other unlawful Purpose, shall, in addition to any other Punishment to which he may be liable for such Offence, be liable, on being convicted thereof, to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIV. If any Victualler or Keeper of any House, Shop, Room, or other Place for the Sale of any Liquors, whether spirituous or otherwise, shall knowingly harbour or entertain any Constable appointed under this Act, or permit such Constable to abide or remain in his House, Shop, Room, or other Place, to the Neglect of his Duty, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on such Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper as aforesaid, being convicted thereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. No Toll shall be demanded or taken on any Turnpike Road or Bridge for any Horse or Police Van, Carriage, or Cart, passing along such Road or Bridge, in the Service of any Police Force established under the Provisions of this Act; provided, that the Constable in charge of such Horse, Van, Carriage, or Cart, if not the Chief Constable, shall produce an Order in Writing under the Hand of the Chief Constable, or shall have his Dress according to the Regulations of the Police Force at the Time of claiming the Exemption; and every Person who shall fraudulently claim or take the Benefit of the Exemption from Toll herein contained, not being lawfully entitled thereunto, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and in all such Cases the Proof of Exemption shall be upon the Person claiming the same.

XXVI. Every Chief Constable shall, when so required, make Reports to the Police Committee, Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates of Burghs forming Part of any County for

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

the Purposes of this Act, or consolidated therewith under this Act, of all Matters which they shall respectively require of him concerning the Police of the County or Burgh respectively, and shall obey all lawful Orders and Warrants of the Sheriff and Justices in the Execution of his Duty.

XXVII. In addition to the Salary to be paid to the Chief Constable Allowances

of the County, reasonable Allowances shall be made to him for Constable extraordinary Expenses necessarily incurred by him, and by the &c. for Constables under his Orders, in the Apprehension of Offenders, and j^nses in the Execution of his and their Duty under this Act; and all such Allowances shall be examined and audited, and, if not disallowed, paid by the Commissioners of Supply.

XXVIII. The Salaries and Allowances of the Chief Constable and Expenses of other Constables, and all Expenses incurred in providing them with £^"^0 be such Clothing, Accoutrements, and Necessaries as may be allowed defrayed out by the Rules to be established under this Act, and all other Ex- Agreements, penses incurred in putting this Act into execution, shall be defrayed

by the Commissioners of Supply of the County out of the Police Assessments to be made and levied by them in Terms of this Act.

XXIX. The Commissioners of Supply of every County shall Police once in each Year impose an Assessment for the Purposes of ^Tlevicd this Act, to be called "The Police Assessment," upon all Lands for the Pur-and Heritages within such County, according to the yearly Value {j^Act thereof, as established by the Valuation Rolls in force for the

Year of Assessment, under an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Ninety-one) ," for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland," and otherwise in Terms of the said last-mentioned Act, and that a, t such Rate in every Year as the said. Commissioners shall deem necessary, in order to provide sufficient Funds for all the Purposes of this Act, including such Sum as may be requisite to cover the Expenses of Assessment,

Collection, and Management, and any Arrears of preceding Years; and the said Assessment so to be laid on in each Year shall be payable, as for the Period from Whitsunday in'such Year to Whitsunday in the Year immediately following, and may be levied either on the Proprietor or Tenant of all such Lands and Heritages; but such Tenant, in case of his paying such Assessment, shall be entitled to deduct the Amount from the Rent payable by him: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not levy Assessment in respect of any Dwelling House, Shop, or other such Premises, or any Offices or Outhouses connected therewith, which shall be unoccupied

676 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

occupied and unfurnished during the whole Period to which such Assessment applies: Provided also, that the Expenses of the Period from the Fifteenth Day Of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight to the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight shall be deemed to be Expenses of the Year from Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight to Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

Regulations XXX. In the Case of Premises within any County not situated meat ofwithin the Landward Part of such County, let at a Rent under Four small As- Pounds, or for a less Period than Half a Year, Deduction shall be

sessments. a]]owe(j by the said Commissioners of the Assessment for each entire

Period of Six Months from Whitsunday to Martinmas, or from Martinmas to Whitsunday, during which any such Premises shall be unoccupied or not furnished.

Commission- XXXI. The Commissioners of Supply of any County may, on may grant*17 the Ground of Poverty or Inability of any Person liable in Police Relief for Assessment under this Act in respect of any Lands and Heritages

Assessment *

in case of in Value not amounting to Four Pounds per Annum, remit in whole Poverty. or part Payment of the said Assessment by such Person in such Manner as the Commissioners shall in their Discretion think just and reasonable, but upon no other Account whatsoever.

Mode of recovering Assessments.

XXXII. The whole Powers and Right of issuing summary Warrants for Recovery of the Land and Assessed Taxes shall be applicable to the Rogue Money and the Police Assessment as hereby authorized to be assessed and levied; and Sheriffs, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, and other Judges shall giant like Warrants for the Recovery of such Rogue Money and such Police Assessment, in the like Form and under the like Penalties as is provided in regard to such Land and Assessed Taxes and other public Taxes; and all Rogue Money and Police Assessments imposed in virtue of this Act shall, in the Case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, be paid out of the First Proceeds ' of the Estate, and shall be preferable to all other Debts of a private Nature due by the Parties assessed.

Disputes as XXXIII. Any Dispute which may arise between the Commissioners to Assess- v i. j

ments to be of Supply of any County, or any Person or Persons acting summarily under them, on the one Part, and any Person holding himself aggrieved on the other, relating to any Assessment of Rogue Money or any Police Assessment under this Act which it may not be competent or convenient to try and determine in the Sheriffs Small Debt Court, shall be determined in a summary Manner by the Sheriff of the Sheriffdom in which such Dispute shall arise, or of the Sheriffdom

the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72. 677

Police (Scotland).

the Commissioners of Supply of which have laid on such Assessment; and such Sheriff shall, on a written Petition being presented to him by either of the said Parties* appoint them to appear before him, and shall then investigate the Matter in dispute in such Way as he may think proper, and decide the same summarily, and such Decision shall be final, and shall not be liable to Appeal, or to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction, or any other Form of Review".

XXXIV. The recited Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Recited Act Majesty (Chapter Sixty-five) shall be and the same is hereby repealed: 2 *53 Vict* Provided always, that any Constables appointed in any County under repealed, the said recited Act may continue to act as such Constables until the Appointment of Constables in such County under this Act; provided AstoAssess-also, that any Assessments laid on and levied or in the Course of j^o^tcTpaas-Collection under the said recited Act, prior to the passing of this Act, ing of this may be levied and applied in Terras of the said recited Act as if this Act"

Act had not been made, and any Surplus of such Assessments beyond what may be required for the Purposes of the said recited Act shall be applied to the purposes of this Act in the County from which such Assessments are levied.

XXXV. In assessing for the Purposes of this Act, the Commis- Detached

sioners of Supply shall assess and tax the whole County in Terms of to this Act, including all detached Parts of other Counties forming Part of be taken as such County for the Purposes of this Act, and excluding all detached

Parts of their own County forming Parts of other Counties for the which'iocaiiy Purposes of this Act; and for the Purposes of this Act all detached situated. Parts of Counties shall be considered as forming Part of that County by which they are surrounded, or if partly surrounded by Two or more Counties, then as forming Part of that County with which they have the longest common Boundary.

XXXVI. It shall be lawful for any Sheriff or Justice of the Peace of any County to act as Sheriff or Justice of the Peace in all Things whatsoever concerning or in anywise relating to any detached Part of any other County which is surrounded in whole or in part by the County for which such Sheriff or Justice of the Peace acts; and all Acts of such Sheriff or Justice, and of any Constable or other Officer in obedience thereto, shall be as good, and all Offenders in such detached Part may be committed for Trial, tried, convicted, and sentenced, and Judgment and Execution may be had upon them, in like Manner as if such detached Part were to all Intents and Purposes Part of the County for which such Sheriff or Justice acts; and all Constables and Officers of such detached Part are hereby required to obey the Warrants, Orders, and Acts of such Sheriff or Justice, and to

8 I perform

Sheriffs and Justices may act in detached Parts of other Counties locally situate within their Counties.

Contributions to be paid on account of detached Parts of Counties.

How such Contributions to be reimbursed.

In case of Default in Payment the Amount may be levied directly on the detached District.

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

perform their several Duties in respect thereof under the Pains and Penalties to which any Constable or other Officer may be liable for a Neglect of Duty.

XXXVII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, for the Purpose of obtaining the Sum which ought to be contributed from any detached Part of any other County towards any Police Assessment under this Act, from Time to Time to issue a Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of them, by which Warrant they shall require the Commissioners of Supply of the County to which such detached Part belongs to pay to them or to their Collector under this Act, out of the Monies collected in such last-mentioned County by way of Police Assessment, the Amount mentioned in the Warrant; and the Persons to whom any such Warrant shall be directed shall, within Forty Days from the Delivery of such Warrant to them, pay the Amount or cause the same to be paid to the Collector of the County from which such Warrant shall have issued, and such Collector paying the same shall be allowed therefor in his Accounts with his County; and every such Warrant shall specify the Rate in the Pound at which the Sum mentioned therein shall be computed; and Delivery of a Copy of any such Warrant, certified by the Clerk of Supply or Collector under this Act of the County from which it emanates, to the Clerk of Supply or Collector under this Act of the County to the Commissioners of Supply of which such Warrant is directed, shall be held to be Delivery of such Warrant to such last-mentioned Commissioners of Supply.

XXXVIII. For the Purpose of reimbursing the Collector or other Person by whom any such Sum shall have been paid, the Commissioners of Supply of the County to which such detached Part belongs shall lay on a Police Assessment, at the Rate mentioned in the Warrant, upon such detached Part of their County, and such Assessment shall be levied and collected thereon in like Manner as the Police Assessment is levied and collected under this Act by the Commissioners of Supply of any County for the Expenses of the Police of their own County.

XXXIX. If Payment shall not be made within the said Forty Days, according to the Exigency of the Warrant, or if it shall seem more convenient to the Commissioners of Supply of the first-mentioned County, it shall be lawful for them to levy the full Amount of the Police Assessment upon any such detached Part of another County in respect of which such Amount is demandable; and for the Purpose of levying and collecting such Assessments the Commissioners of Supply of such first-mentioned County shall have within every such

detached

679

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

detached Part of another County the same Powers which they have for levying and collecting Police Assessments under this Act within the Limits of their own County, and such Assessments may be levied and collected by the like Methods as if such detached Parts of another County were to all Intents Part of such first-mentioned County.

XL. The Commissioners of Supply of every County shall from Time to Time appoint One or more Collectors of Police Assessments under this Act to act during their Pleasure; and each such Collector shall be allowed, by way of Remuneration for collecting Assessments authorized to be levied under this Act, and for the Performance of the whole Duties of his Office under this Act, a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum upon all such Sums as he shall collect and receive; and each such Collector, before he shall be permitted to take upon him the Execution of the said Office, shall grant Bond, with a sufficient Surety or Sureties, to the said Commissioners, for his Intromissions, and for the just and faithful Execution of his Office, to such an Amount as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and any Collector who may be convicted of wilfully secreting or not accounting to the said Commissioners for any Sum of Money received by him as Collector shall forfeit treble the Amount thereof to the said Commissioners, and that without Prejudice to any Punishment to which he may be liable in respect thereof; and any Collector of Police Assessment under this Act may act as Collector of any other Assessment, Rate, or Tax which is or may be leviable under any Act of Parliament or otherwise.

XLI. Every Collector of every County under this Act shall be bound to lodge all Money received by him in a Bank of Issue, or in One of the Branches of such Bank within the County, to be fixed by the said Commissioners, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the Commissioners, and to be operated upon by the Commissioners or the Police Committee to be appointed under this Act, or any Two or more of them, or by any Person to be appointed for that Purpose by such Commissioners or Police Committee for the Purposes of this Act.

XLII. The Collector of every County, and every Officer of the County, or other Person intromitting with any Sums received or paid under this Act, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall produce the same when called upon, and at least once in every Year, to the Commissioners of Supply, by whom the same shall be examined, and, if allowed, passed.

XLIII. In

Collector under this Act to be -appointed by Commissioners of Supply.

Collector to lodge all Monies received by him in Bank.

Collector,

&c. to keep separate Accounts of Receipts and Expenditure.

In case of Insolvency of Collectors, Deficiency may be assessed.

Books of Accounts and Minutes of Proceedings to be kept by Commissioners of Supply.

Accounts of Receipts and Expenditure to be annually made out and published.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

XLIII. In case any Collector shall become insolvent, and that any Sums chargeable against him shall not be paid by him or his Cautioners or Sureties, then and in every such Case the Sum deficient shall be assessed along with and as Part of the next or any succeeding annual Assessment under this Act.

XLIV. Accounts of all Property, Heritable and Moveable, vested in the Commissioners of Supply for the Purposes of this Act, showing the Return of such Property, and of all Money received and disbursed, and all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be kept in Books by the Clerk of Supply, Collector, or other Person who may be appointed by the Commissioners; and all such Books of Accounts and Proceedings whatsoever may at all reasonable Times be inspected and perused, without Fee or Reward, by any Person assessed, and also by any Person entitled to any Money due and owing on the Credit of such Assessment; and such Persons may take Copies of or Extracts from any of such Books, Accounts, and Proceedings, and the said respective Assessments, without Fee or Reward; and any Person in whose Custody or Power any such Books, Accounts, and Proceedings are who shall refuse Inspection thereof, or to permit Copies or Extracts to be taken as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case any Person who shall be assessed shall be dis-satisfied with any Accounts which shall have been made up as aforesaid, or with any of the Items or Articles contained in any such Accounts, such Person may complain against the same by Petition to the Sheriff, in which Complaint shall be specified the Grounds of Objection to such Accounts, Items, or Articles; and the Sheriff shall proceed and hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and his Decision shall be final.

XLV. The Commissioners of Supply of every County shall annually, and previous to the Fifteenth Day of March in each Year, cause to be made out a just and accurate Account of all the Monies received and expended in the Execution of this Act, showing from what Sources such Monies have been received, and to what Purposes the same have been laid out and applied during the Year to Whitsunday immediately preceding; and such Account, so soon as the same shall have been audited as herein-after provided, shall be signed by the Convener or any Two of the Commissioners of Supply and the Clerk of Supply, and shall be deposited with such Clerk of Supply, who shall forthwith cause to be printed and inserted in One or more of the Newspapers published or circulating in the County authenticated Abstracts of such yearly Accounts, and shall permit any Person assessed under this Act within such County to inspect and examine such Accounts, at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XLVI. The

681

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

appoint One or more Persons, not being Commissioners, to be Auditor pointedf or Auditors of the Accounts of the Commissioners under this Act, and may pay to such Auditors a reasonable Remuneration for their Time and Trouble, not exceeding Two Guineas each for every Day they shall be fully employed on such Audit, and all such Expenses as such Auditors shall be put to attending the auditing of the said Accounts; and if any Dispute arise as to the Amount of the Remuneration and Expenses to be paid to such Auditors, it shall be settled by the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final.

XLVII. The Auditors so appointed shall attend at such "l ime and Auditors to Place as may be fixed by the said Commissioners, and from Time to Time shall proceed to audit the Accounts of the said Commissioners counts, and for the preceding Year; and the said Commissioners shall, as soon as may be after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, lay before against any such Auditors the Accounts for the Year to Fifteenth Day of March preceding, accompanied with proper Vouchers in support of the same, Sheriff, and all Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating thereto; and any Person interested in the said Accounts, either as a Creditor or as a Ratepayer, may be present at the Audit of such Accounts, by himself or his Agent, and may make any Objection to any Part of such Accounts; and if such Accounts be found correct, such Auditors shall sign the same in token of their Allowance thereof; but if such Auditors think there is just Cause to disapprove of any Part of such Accounts, they shall make such Abatements from or Alterations of such Accounts as to them shall seem just, and in either Case shall ascertain and fix the Balance arising on such Accounts; and if the said Commissioners be dis-satisfied with the Result of such Audit, they may appeal to the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final: Provided always, that the said Audit shall be completed in every Year as soon as may be after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, and at latest by the Thirtieth Day of April in such Year; provided also, that unless the Balance, as ascertained and fixed by the Auditors, shall be appealed to the Sheriff within Fourteen Days from the Date of such Ascertainment, such Balance shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to Review.

XLVIII. In all Proceedings under this Act any Three Commis- Throe Com-sioners of Supply shall be deemed to be a Quorum of such Commis- n»ssi°n^ of sioners, and shall be entitled to exercise all the Powers conferred on a Quorum, the general Body of Commissioners under this Act, and the Majority present and voting shall rule the Decision; and where the Votes of Preses at those present shall be equal, the Preses of the Meeting shall have ^v^Casting a Casting Vote in addition to his own Vote. Vote.

8 K XLIX. In

Convener to act asPreses.

Papers and Documents emanating from the Commissioners of Supply and Police Committee how to be authenticated.

Actions by or against Commissioners of Supply how to be brought, and not to abate.

Power to grant, out of the Superannuation Fund, Gratuities to incapacitated Constables.

Power to grant Superannuations to Chief Constables.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

XLIX. In all Meetings of Commissioners of Supply under or with reference to this Act, their Convener, or, in the Absence of the Convener, the Person who may be elected by such Meeting to act as its Preses, shall be Preses of such Meeting.

L. For the Purposes of this Act the Signature of the Convener or of the Preses of a Meeting of Commissioners of Supply or of the Chairman or Preses of a Meeting of the Police Committee adhibited to any Paper or Document shall be equivalent to the Signatures of the whole Commissioners of Supply or of the whole of the Police Committee present at a Meeting thereof respectively; and the Addition to such Signature of the Word " Convener," " Chairman," or " Preses " shall be good primd facie Evidence that such Signature is the Signature of such Convener, Chairman, or Preses, as the Case may be, and that such Paper or Document is genuine and authentic.

LI. All Actions, Suits, or Proceedings in respect to any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this Act to be brought by or against the Commissioners of Supply of any County shall be in the Name of the Clerk of Supply or Collector appointed under this Act for the Time being, as the Party Pursuer or Defender representing the said Commissioners; and no such Action, Suit, or Proceeding wherein the Commissioners shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders in the Name of the Clerk of Supply or Collector shall cease or abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Clerk of Supply or Collector, or by any Change in the said Commissioners; but the Clerk of Supply or Collector for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, in every such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

LII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, if they think fit, on the Report of the Police Committee, and upon the Recommendation of the Chief Constable, and upon his certifying that any Constable belonging to the Police Force of the County, who is Sixty Years of Age, is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties of his Office, to order that such Constable shall receive, out of the Police Assessment to be levied as aforesaid, such Sum in gross, as a Gratuity upon his Retirement, as to the said Commissioners of Supply may seem proper.

LIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, if they think fit, on the Report of the Police Committee, to grant to any Chief Constable of the County, on his ceasing to be such Chief Constable, a Sum by way of Superannuation Allowance,

and

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police [Scotland).

and such Superannuation Allowance shall be paid out of the Police Assessments to be levied under this Act, and shall, in the Case of a County which is divided into Police Districts, be deemed Part of the general Expenditure, and be defrayed accordingly: Provided always, that no such Allowance shall be granted to any Chief Constable under Sixty Years of Age unless such Commissioners of Supply be satisfied that he is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties <Sf his Office: Provided always, that all such Sums or Allowances shall be subject to the following Conditions, and shall not exceed the following Proportions; (that is to say,) if the Constable retiring shall have served for Fifteen Years and less than Twenty Years, a Sum which shall not be more than equal to Three Years Pay; if for Twenty Years and upwards, a Sum which shall not be more than equal to Five Years Pay: Provided also, that if any such Constable shall be disabled or killed in the actual Execution of his Office it shall be lawful to pay him or his Heirs a Sum which shall not be more than equal to Eight Years Pay, but nothing herein contained shall entitle any Constable absolutely to any Gratuity or Allowance.

L1Y. Upon the Appointment of Constables under this Act in On Esta-any County the Power to appoint and pay, and to make Assessments County Con-for paying, any Constables under the Provisions of any Act (except stabulary as regards any Burgh within such County) other than this Act shall ^e^18 cease and determine, and all Sums of Money then already levied for Police Force the Purpose of such other Constables shall be applied, after defraying ^n^lscon' all Charges to which the same are then liable, in and towards the Purposes of this Act so far as regards such County: Provided always, that all Arrears of Assessments made for the Purposes aforesaid shall be levied and collected as if this Act had not been made; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or invalidate the Appointment of any Constable not paid out of County Assessments: Provided always, that in the event of any Burgh being consolidated with any County as after mentioned, it shall be lawful to stipulate that the Assessment levied within such Burgh shall be assessed in the same Way, and recovered from the same Persons, as had previously been in use in regard to the Police Assessment within such Burgh.

LV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any Station County, if they think fit, to order that Station Houses and Strong and

Rooms or Lock-ups, or any or either of them, for the temporary Rooms or Confinement of Persons taken into Custody by the Constables, be provided upon such Plan as shall be approved by One of vlded.1* Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and for that Purpose

to

Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. for Purpose of Purchase of Station-houses, &c. incorporated with this Act.

Money may be borrowed on Credit of Police Assessments.

Police Districts may be formed.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

to purchase and hold or to rent or hire Lands and Heritages, or to appropriate to that Purpose any Lands or Heritages belonging to the County which are not needed for the Purpose to which they were applied or intended to be applied before such Appropriation, and the Expense of building, purchasing, hiring, or otherwise providing, repairing, and furnishing such Station Houses and Strong Rooms or Lock-ups, and all other Expenses attending the same, shall be defrayed out of the Police Assessments to be made and levied in Terms of this Act.

LVI. For facilitating the Purchase of Lands and Heritages for the Purposes of this Act, the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," except the Provisions with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act; and the Expression "the Promoters of the Undertaking" in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall, for the Purposes of such Incorporation, mean the Commissioners of Supply of any County.

LVII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County to borrow Money for the Purpose of purchasing any such Lands and Heritages, or of building any such Station Houses and Strong Rooms or Lock-ups, and to charge the future Police Assessments with the Amount of the Loan, and with Interest thereon: Provided always, that any Money borrowed for such Purpose shall be repaid by yearly Instalments, of not less than One Twentieth Part of the Sum borrowed, with Interest on the same, in any One Year.

LVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, if they shall be of opinion that a Distinction ought to be made in the Number of Constables appointed to keep the Peace in different Parts of such County, to divide such County (including any detached Portion of another County united thereto) or any Part thereof into Police Districts, consisting of such Parishes and Places, or Parts of Parishes and Places, as shall appear to them most convenient, and to declare the Number of Constables which ought to be appointed for each such Police District, and from Time to Time to alter the Extent of such Police Districts, and the Number of Constables to be appointed for each; and a Report of every such proposed Division or Alteration, and of the Number of Constables proposed for each Police District, with an Estimate of its Extent and Population, and of any other Circumstances upon which such Determination shall have been grounded, shall be sent to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and, if approved by such Secretary of State, such Division or Alteration shall be deemed to be and shall be completed.

LIX. If

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

685

LIX. If the Secretary of State shall approve of such Division Each Police of the County or of any Part thereof into Police Districts for the ^strict to

J n . A pay for its

Purpose aforesaid, the Expense ox putting this Act into execution in own Con-such County or Part of such County shall be classed under Two stables. Heads of General Expenditure and Local Expenditure; and the General Expenditure shall be defrayed in Common by all the Districts, and the Local Expenditure, consisting of the Expense of the Salaries and Clothing of the Constables appointed for each District, and such other Expenses as the Commissioners of Supply, subject to the Approval of the Secretary of State, shall direct to be included under this Head, shall be defrayed by each Police District separately; and the Assessments under this Act shall be assessed and levied in such Police District accordingly: Provided always, that, notwithstanding the Division of any County or Part of any County into Police Districts, the Constables of all such Districts shall continue as Part of the same Force, and be subject to the same Authority, and be liable, if required, to perform the same Duty, in any Part of the County or elsewhere, as if no such Division into Police Districts had been made.

LX. In case it shall appear to Her Majesty in Council, upon Her Majesty the Petition of Persons contributing, or who, on the Establishment of Q^rbfn a Constabulary under this Act, will be liable to contribute, to the Council, Police Assessment of any County for the Purposes of this Act, that a Distinction ought to be made in the Number of Constables to be Districts to appointed to keep the Peace in different Parts of such County, it |*etc^"sti* shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by the Advice of Her Privy Council, Counties, to order and require the Commissioners of Supply of such County to exercise the Powers given by this Act for the Division of such County into Police Districts; and such Commissioners of Supply shall thereupon, in manner directed by this Act, and subject to such Approval as herein mentioned, divide such County into such Police Districts as shall appear to them most convenient, and declare the Number of Constables which ought to be appointed for each Police District; and in the event of such Police Districts or Number of Constables as so declared not being approved by the Secretary of State, he shall fix and apportion the same; and the Extent of such Districts, and the Number of Constables appointed for each, may be altered as in this Act provided; and the Expenses to be defrayed by each such Police District shall be ascertained in the Manner provided by this Act, and the Assessments imposed and levied therein accordingly: Provided, that Notice of every such Petition, and of the Time when it shall please Her Majesty to order that the same be taken into consideration by Her Privy Council, shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette One Month at least before such Petition shall be considered.

8 L LXI. It

Burghs may agree to consolidate their Police with County Police.

Provisions for Government of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

LXI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, and for the Magistrates and Town Council of any Burgh situated in or adjoining to such County, to agree together for the Consolidation of the County and Burgh Police Establishments; and in every such Case all the Constables appointed either for the County or the Burgh shall have all the Powers, Privileges, and Duties throughout the County and the Burgh and the adjoining Counties which Constables appointed for any County have within such County or adjoining Counties under this Act, and all the Provisions of this Act shall be taken to apply to the Burgh Constables as well as to the County Constables; and the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh shall thereupon forthwith, and thereafter annually on or before the Thirtieth Day of April, appoint to be Members of the Police Committee herein-before mentioned One or more of their Number as may have been fixed in such Agreement, who, while the Agreement subsists, shall have the like Powers, as Members of such Committee, with the Members appointed by the Commissioners of Supply; and every such Agreement which shall have been agreed to by the Commissioners of Supply of the County on the one hand, and by the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh on the other hand, shall be binding on both Parties as soon as a Memorandum of such Agreement shall be signed by the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply and Clerk of Supply of the County on behalf of the County, and by the Chief Magistrate and Town Clerk of the Burgh on behalf of the Burgh; and when any such Agreement shall have been made between any County and any Burgh, either Party shall be empowered to put an end thereunto without the Consent of the other Party, after Six Months Notice in Writing shall have been given to the other Party; such Notice, if given by the County, to be signed by the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply and Clerk of Supply of the County, and, if given by the Burgh, to be signed by the Chief Magistrate and Town Clerk of the Burgh: Provided always, that no such Notice shall be given by the County or by the Burgh, unless in either Case such Notice shall be agreed upon by a Majority of Three Fourths of a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of the County specially convened for the Purpose, or at One or other of the statutory Meetings of the Commissioners of Supply, Fourteen Days Notice having been given of the Intention to bring such Subject before the Meeting, or Three Fourths of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh; and no such Notice shall be given by any County or Burgh without Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

LXII. In all Cases where the Establishment of County and Burgh Constables shall be consolidated into One Police Establishment,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

meut, the Chief Constable of the County shall have the general County and Disposition and Government of all such Constables, subject to the ^en^cwnao-6 Provisions herein-after contained, and at his Pleasure may dismiss Mated, all or any of them; and whenever the Chief Constable shall dismiss One of the Burgh Constables he shall report the Fact, with his Reasons for the Dismissal, to the Chief Magistrate of the Burgh; and the Police Authorities of the Burgh having Power to that Effect shall forthwith appoint another Constable properly qualified, unless Provision shall be made in such Agreement that all Constables shall be appointed by the Chief Constable; and no Burgh Constable who shall have been dismissed by the Chief Constable shall be capable of being reappointed for the same Burgh without the Consent of the Chief Constable; and no Constable of any Burgh whose Establishment of Constables is consolidated with the Establishment of County Constables shall be dismissed by any Police Authority of the Burgh during the Time that any Agreement for such Consolidation shall be in force.

LXIII. In case it be represented to One of Her Majesty's Prin- Her Majesty cipal Secretaries of State by the Magistrates and Town Council of onReprese'n-any Burgh that Application has been made by such Magistrates and taiion from Council to the Commissioners of Supply of any County in or adjoin- arrange ing to which such Burgh is situated, to consolidate the Police of such Terms of County and Burgh in the Manner provided by this Act, and that ^°"s°£lda' such Consolidation has not been effected, it shall be lawful for such Police with Secretary-of State to inquire into the Terms of Consolidation pro- Counties-posed, and to report thereon to Her Majesty in Council; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to fix the Terms and Conditions and Date upon and from which such Consolidation shall take effect; and thereupon the Provisions of this Act shall become applicable as if such Consolidation had been effected by an Agreement made under this Act; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, at any Time and from Time to Time to vary the Terms of any such Consolidation, or at any Time to determine such Consolidation upon such Terms as to Her Majesty in Council shall seem just.

LXIV. The Sheriffs of Counties and Magistrates of Burghs Annual shall in the Month of October in every Year transmit to One of Her Crime Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Statement, in such Form as in Counties One of such Secretaries may from Time to Time direct, for the to be^fuir-^3 Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September then last, of the nished to Number of Offences reported to the Police within all Counties and

Burghs respectively, the Number of Persons apprehended by the Police, the Nature of the Charges against them, the Result of the

Proceedings

688

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Her Majesty may appoint Inspector of Police.

On Certificate of Secretary of State that an efficient Police has been established in any County or Burgh, One Fourth of the Charge for Pay and Clothing xo be paid by the Treasury;

No such Sum to be paid to any Burgh where Population does not exceed 6,000, &c.

Police (Scotland).

Proceedings taken thereupon, and any other Particulars relating to the State of Crime within such Counties and Burghs which such Sheriffs or Magistrates may think it material to furnish, and a classified Abstract of all such Reports shall be annually prepared and laid

before Parliament.

LXV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, to appoint, during Her Majesty's Pleasure, One Inspector under this Act, to visit and inquire into the State and Efficiency of the Police appointed for every County and Burgh, and also into the State of the Police Stations, Charge Rooms, Cells, or Lock-ups, and other Premises occupied for the Use of such Police; and the Inspector so appointed shall report generally upon such Matters to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, who shall cause such Report to be laid before Parliament; and such Inspector shall be paid, out of such Money as may be provided by Parliament for the Purpose, such Salary and Allowances as may be determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

LXVI. Upon the Certificate of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that the Police of any County or Burgh has been maintained in a State of Efficiency in point of Numbers and Discipline for the Year or Period ending on the Fifteenth Day of March in each Year, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to pay, from Time to Time, out of any Monies to be provided by Parliament for the Purpose, such a Sum towards the Expenses of such Police for the Year mentioned in such Certificate as shall not exceed One Fourth of the Charge for their Pay and Clothing: Provided, that before any such Certificate shall be finally withheld in respect of the Police of any County or Burgh, the Report of the Inspector relating to the Police of such County or Burgh shall be sent to the Commissioners of Supply of such Comity, or to the Magistrates or other Police Authority of such Burgh, who may address any Statement relating thereto to the Secretary of State; and in every Case in which such Certificate is withheld a Statement of the Grounds on which the Secretary of State has withheld such Certificate, together with any such Statement of the Commissioners of Supply or Magistrates or other Police Authority as aforesaid, shall be laid before Parliament.

LXVII. No such Sum as aforesaid shall be paid towards the Pay and Clothing of the Police of any Burgh, not being consolidated with the Police of a County under this Act, the Population of which Burgh, according to the last Parliamentary Enumeration for the Time being, does not exceed Five thousand.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

LXVIII. Every Penalty imposed by this Act may, unless other- Recovery of wise specially provided, be recovered by summary Proceeding upon ^erthis Complaint in Writing made in Name of any Chief Constable or Act. Superintendent of Police, or Constable, or Clerk of Supply, to the Sheriff or Justices of the Peace of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, or to the Sheriff or Justices of the Peace of any County in which the Offender may be found; and on such Complaint being made such Sheriff or Justices shall issue a Warrant or Order requiring the Party complained against to appear on a Day and at a Time and Place to be named in such Order; and every such Order shall be served on the Party offending either in Person or by leaving with some Inmate at his usual Place of Abode a Copy of such Order, and of the Complaint whereupon the same has proceeded, and either upon the Appearance or upon the Default to appear of the Party offending it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Justices to proceed to the Hearing of the Complaint, and upon Proof of the Offence, either by the Confession of the Party complained against, or other legal Evidence, and without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, to convict the Offender, and upon such Conviction to decern and adjudge the Offender to pay the Penalty incurred, as well as such Expenses as the Sheriff or Justices shall think fit, and to grant Warrant for imprisoning the Offender until such Penalty and Expenses shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrant shall specify the Amount of such Penalty and Expenses, and shall also specify a Period at the Expiration of which the Party shall be discharged, notwithstanding such Penalty or Expenses shall not have been paid, which Period shall in no Case exceed Three Months.

LXIX. The Sheriff or Justices by whom every Penalty shall Application be imposed by virtue of this Act shall award such Penalty to be ot 1 enaltie3, applied for the Purposes of this Act within the County in which the Offence was committed, and shall order the same to be paid over to the Complainer, or to some other Person for that Purpose: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to the Payment of any Penalty imposed by virtue of this Act unless such Penalty shall have been prosecuted for within Six Months after the Commission of the Offence for which it has been incurred.

LXX. The Parishes of Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch shall be considered as forming Part of the County of Dumbarton, unless a Majority of Two Thirds of the Commissioners of Supply of the County, and of Two Thirds of the Commissioners of Supply qualified within the said Parishes, shall be of opinion that it would be more for the public Advantage that they should, for the Purposes of this Act, 8 M be

Parishes of Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch to be considered as Part of County of Dumbarton.

690

Parishes of Tulliallan and Culross, and Perthshire, Portions of Logie, to be considered as Part of County of Clackmannan, and Perthshire Portions of Fossoway and Muck-hart as Part of County of Kinross.

Burghs not having a Police Establishment may adopt One within Six Months.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

Police (Scotland).

be considered as forming Part of the County of Stirling or of the County of Lanark, in which Case they shall form Part of such One of the said Counties as shall be agreed to by the Majority of Commissioners of Supply as aforesaid.

LXXI. For the Purposes of this Act, the Parishes of Tulliallan and Culross, and the Perthshire Portions of the Parish of Logie, shall be considered as forming Part of the County of Clackmannan, and the Perthshire Portions of the Parishes of Fossoway and Muckhart shall be considered as forming Part of the County of Kinross: Provided always, that if the Heritors and Ratepayers of the Perthshire Portion of the Parish of Logie shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, at a Meeting specially called by public Advertisement, upon the Requisition of not fewer than Five of their Number, to consider the Provisions of this Act, resolve that it is expedient that such Portion of the Parish shall be connected with the County of Perth, then such Portion of the Parish shall be connected with such County for the Purposes of this Act; and if the Heritors and Ratepayers of the Parishes of Fossoway and Muckhart shall, at a Meeting called in like Manner upon the Requisition of a like Number of such Heritors and Ratepayers, resolve that it is expedient that the Perthshire Portions of such Parishes shall be connected with the County of Perth, then they shall be connected with such County accordingly for the Purposes of this Act; and if the Heritors and Ratepayers of the Parishes of Tulliallan and Culross shall, at a Meeting called in like Manner, and within a like Time, upon the Requisition of a like Number of such Heritors and Ratepayers, resolve that it is expedient that such Parishes shall be connected with the County of then they shall be connected with such County accordingly; and if the Heritors and Ratepayers of the Parish of Alva shall, at a Meeting called in like Manner, and within a like Time, upon the Requisition of a like Number of such Heritors and Ratepayers, resolve that it is expedient that such Parish shall be connected with the County of Stirling, then such Parish shall be connected with the County of Stirling accordingly.

LXXII. It shall be lawful for any Burgh which may not, at the passing of this Act, have a Police Act or an Establishment of Police under the said recited Acts of Third and Fourth of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-six, or of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-three, to establish a Police therein, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or cither of them, within Six Months after the passing of this Act; and in the event of such an Establishment of Police being therein adopted within the said Period,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72.

691

Police (Scotland).

such Burgh shall not be deemed, for the Purposes of this Act, to form Part of the County within which it is situated.

LXXIII. If under this Act any Burgh being a Royal or Parliamentary Burgh or Burgh of Barony or Regality, containing by the Government Census immediately preceding more than Two thousand Inhabitants, shall be comprehended in and form Part of any County or District for the Purposes of this Act, the Chief Magistrate of such Burgh shall be an ex officio Member of the Police Committee of the County or District: P/ovided always, that there shall never be more than Two such Members of any Police Committee, and if more than Two such Burghs shall be so comprehended, the Chief Magistrates of such Burghs shall be Members of the Committee in annual Rotation, the Chief Magistrates of the Two Burghs which contain the greatest Amount of Population, as shown on such Census, being Members of the Committee for the Year commencing on the First Day of November next, and the like Order being observed annually

in regard to the Chief Magistrates of the other Burghs respective!}'.

In Royal Burghs, &c., containing more than Two thousand Inhabitants, Chief Magistrate to be an ex officio Member of Police Committee.

LXXIV. Nothing in this Act shall impair or diminish the Powers Act not to or Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of any Royal or Parliamentary Burgh or any Burgh of Barony or Regality which may form Part Magistrates of any County or District under this Act; and such Magistrates shall oth^Burghs be entitled to require any Constable appointed to be on Duty within which may such Burgh to execute their lawful Orders and Warrants relative to

Y of any Dis-

and within the Limits of such Burgh; and such Magistrates shall trict imder

have the like Jurisdiction in respect of Neglect or Violation of Duty th, s Act

on the Part of a Constable within Burgh as is herein-before conferred

on the Sheriff or Two Justices.

LXXV. If within Six Months after the Date of this Act the Any Burgh

Inspector shall report to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries ^j*"ning

of State that any Burgh maintains out of the common Good of the Police to be

Burgh, or any Funds other than Assessment, a complete and efficient

Police Force for the Purposes of such Burgh, such Burgh shall be tained a se-

considered and dealt with, as long as the Inspector shall continue so Parate Police

. ° . r . Fore© under

to report but no longer, as if it maintained a separate Police Force Police Act. under a Police Act.

LXXVI. This Act shall not extend to Orkney or Shetland, unless Act not to Her Majesty in Council, on the Application of the Lord Advocate, orkneyor or of the Sheriff Principal of the County, or of the Commissioners Shetland of Supply of Orkney or Shetland, shall so direct. Majesty shall

so direct.

LXXVII. This Act not to affect Rail way, &c. Police.

Interpretation of Terms.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 72. '

Police (Scotland).

LXXVII. This Act shall not affect any Police Force maintained in respect of any Railway, Canal, or navigable River under Private or Local Acts of Parliament.

LXXVIII. The following Words and Expressions, when used in this Act, shall in the Construction thereof be interpreted as follows, except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context shall exclude or be repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,) the Word " County" shall include Stewartry, and shall extend to all Harbours, Bays, Lochs, or Anchorages within the County or Stewartry, and also all Burghs and Places within the County or Stewartry, not being a Burgh or Town which has a Police Act, or an Establishment of Police under the Provisions of the recited Act of the Third and Fourth of King William the Fourth (Chapter Forty-six), or of the recited Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of Her Majesty (Chapter Thirty-three); the Word "Burgh" shall mean a Royal or Parliamentary or other Burgh or Town which has a Police Act, or an Establishment of Police under the Provisions of one or other of the Two last-mentioned Acts; the Expression " Landward Part of a County" shall include and apply to a County, exclusive of the Burghs situated therein; the Word " Sheriff," and the Words "the Sheriff," shall include Sheriff Substitute as well as Sheriff; the Expression " Lands and Heritages" shall have the like Signification as in the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Ninety-one); the Expression " Commissioners of Supply," or " Commissioners of Supply of the County," shall mean the Commissioners of Supply of the County, exclusive of any Burgh or detached Part of any other County adjoining or locally situated within the same, and inclusive of any detached Part of such first-mentioned County locally situated in any other County; the Word " Constable" shall include " Chief Constable" and " Superintendent of Police," and every Grade of Constable or Police Officer; the Words " Clerk of Supply" shall extend and apply to any Person executing the Duties of Clerk of Supply, or who may be appointed by the Commissioners of Supply to be Clerk of Supply for the Purposes of this Act; the Words " Sheriff Clerk" shall extend to and apply to any Person executing the Duties of Sheriff Clerk; and the Word " Month" shall mean " Calendar Month."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the First Day of One thousand eight From and

hundred and fifty-eight, every Furnace employed or to be employed in the working of Engines by Steam, whether locomotive or other- Furnaces wise, in any Place to which this Act shall apply, or on board of any ^hm the Steam Vessel stopping at or in any such Place, or in or at any Port, th©Act°to Pier, Landing Place, or Harbour within the same, or when plying on consume any Part of a River which at such Part shall not exceed a Quarter of ^[k"wn a Mile in Breadth, and every Furnace employed or to be employed in any Mill, Factory, Distillery, Brewhouse, Sugar Refinery, Bakehouse, Gasworks, Waterworks, (although a Steam Engine be not employed therein), or in any Public Bath or Wash-house within the same, although such Public Bath or Wash-house shall not be used for the Purposes of Trade or Manufacture, shall in all Cases be constructed or altered so as to consume or bum the Smoke arising from such Furnace; and if any Person or Company shall, after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, use in any such Place, or on board of any such Steam Vessel, any such Furnace which shall not be constructed so as to consume or bum its own Smoke, or shall so negligently use any such Furnace as that the Smoke arising therefrom shall not be effectually consumed or burnt, every Person or Company so offending, being the Owner or Occupier of the Premises or the Owner of the Locomotive Engine in which any such 8 N Furnace

Smoke Nuisance (Scotland) Abatement.

Power to remit Penalties where Furnaces have been so constructed or altered as to consume, as far as possible, all the Smoke arising from the same.

No Complaint to be brought except by Local Authority, &c.

All Complaints brought and all Applications to Sheriff, &c. to be by summary Petition, &c.

Furnace shall be, or being a Foreman or other Person employed by such Owner or Occupier in connexion with such Furnace, or being the Owner or Master or other Person in charge for the Time being of any such Steam Vessel, shall, upon a summary Conviction for such Offence before the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of the County, or any Two Justices having Jurisdiction within the Place within which, or adjacent to the Port, Pier, Landing Place, River, or Harbour in which, the Offence against this Act is alleged to have been committed, where such Place is not a Burgh, and where such Place is a Burgh then before the Sheriff or Substitute of the County within which or within any Part of which the same shall be situate, or before the Magistrate of such Burgh, forfeit and pay a Sum not more than Five Pounds nor lest than Forty Shillings, and upon a Second Conviction for such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for each subsequent Conviction a Sum double the Amount of the Penalty imposed for the last preceding Conviction, and shall also pay to the Local Authority the whole Costs incurred in the Proceedings for the Recovery of any such Penalty.

II. Provided always, That the Words " consume or bum the Smoke " shall not be held in all Cases to mean " consume or bum all the Smoke and that the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices before whom any Person shall be summoned may remit the Penalties enacted by this Act, if he or they shall be of opinion that such Person has so constructed or altered his Furnace as to consume or bum as far as possible all the Smoke arising from such Furnace, and has carefully attended to the same, and consumecT or burned as far as possible the Smoke arising from such Furnace; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices, with the Consent of such Person, on the Hearing of the Petition herein-after mentioned, to appoint a competent Person to examine such Furnace, and to report thereupon whether it has been so constructed or altered.

III. Provided always, That no Complaint shall be brought against any Person for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, except by the Local Authority, or by the Owner or Occupier of Premises with reference to which the Furnace is so situate as to create an Annoyance to the Occupiers of such Premises, and in either Case with the Concourse of the Lord Advocate.

IV. All Complaints which shall be brought, and all Applications to the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices to enforce any Provision of this Act, shall be by summary Petition, and such Petition shall refer to the Clauses of this Act on which it is founded, without setting forth the same; and the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices shall thereupon appoint the Petition to be answered within Three Days, or may order the Parties to attend him or them in Person forthwith, and on advising such Answer, or hearing the Parties, may at once decern, or may, if either Party desire it, order Proof to be led on any specific Points, and shall in that Case appoint a Day, not more than Five Days thereafter, for hearing such Proof, and if the Proof be not on that Day completed, may adjourn the same from Time to Time until completed, and within Three Days after such Completion shall give Decree, and

may

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 73.

Smoke Nuisance (Scotland)Abatement.

may find the Party complained of liable in Expenses, and may grant Warrant for the Recovery of the Penalties and Expenses decerned for, and failing Payment within Eight Days after Conviction, by Poinding, and Imprisonment for a Period at the Discretion of the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices, not exceeding Fourteen Days.

V. No written Pleadings, other than the Petition and Answers No written (when ordered), shall be allowed; and the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Magistrates, or Justices shall take Notes of the Evidence in like c* °w Manner as in Civil Proofs: Provided always, that no Decree under this Act against any Party shall bar his Right to Relief against any other Party legally liable therein.

VI. Where it shall appear to the Magistrates or Justices before Justices and whom any Party may be cited under this Act that the Cost of the Operations necessary to alter or amend any Furnace complained of where Ex-will exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, they shall certify or penseofal-endorse their Opinion to that Effect on the Petition, and sign the same, and it shall thereupon be incompetent for the Local Authority exceed a to proceed further before them in the Matter of such Petition, certain Sum. without Prejudice nevertheless to his instituting Proceedings of new in the same Matter before the Sheriff' or Sheriff Substitute.

VII. Where it shall appear to the Sheriff Substitute that the Appeal in Cost of the Operations necessary to alter or amend any Furnace e^"a complained of will exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, he shall

certify an Opinion to that Effect in the Decree, and the Parties shall thereupon be entitled to appeal to the Sheriff, on lodging within Three Days after the Decree a Note of Appeal with the Sheriff Clerk, and serving the same on the opposite Party, and such Note shall operate as a Sist of Execution until the Appeal be determined; and on such Note being lodged the Sheriff Clerk shall transmit the Process, together with the Sheriff Substitute's Notes of the Evidence, to the Sheriff, who shall thereupon proceed to give Judgment as aforesaid; and in the event of either Party being dis-satisfied with such Judgment he or they shall be entitled to present a Note of Appeal to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, for Relief against such Judgment, provided such Note be lodged in the Bill Chamber, and a Copy thereof served on the opposite Party within Eight Days of the Date of the Sentence complained against, which Note shall in like Manner operate as a Sist of Execution until a Judgment be pronounced by the Lord Ordinary, which Judgment shall be final, and in no Case subject to Review.

VIII. It shall be competent to the Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Expense may

Magistrates, or Justices to award Expenses against the Local Autho* Jj^nstthe rity, or against any Party complaining with Concourse as aforesaid. Local Autho-in any Case in which he or they may think fit, and such Expenses rit7 or Party shall be paid accordingly. complaining.

IX. No Appeal from nor Suspension of any Decree or Sentence No Appeal, under this Act shall be competent, nor shall any Decree or Sentence

be subject to any Review whatever, save in Cases certified as aforesaid.

X. Notices

Service of Notices and Petitions.

One or more joint Owners may be proceeded against alone.

As to Expenses incurred in executing this Act.

How Moneys recovered under this Aci to be applied.

Interpretation of Terms.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 73.

Smoke Nuisance (ScAbatement.

X. Notices and Petitions under this Act may be served by delivering the same to or at the Residence of the Parties to whom they are addressed, or on whom they are intended to be served, and in the Case of Companies at their nearest Office, Station, or Place of Business, or by being put. into the Post Office duly addressed to the Parties as aforesaid, or they may be served by delivering the same or a true Copy thereof to some Person upon the Premises, or One of the Crew of such Steam Vessel.

XI. In case of any Complaint under this Act to which Two or more Parties, whether as Owners or Occupiers of Premises, or Owners of such Steam Vessel or Locomotive, may be jointly answerable, it shall be sufficient to proceed against any one or more of them, without proceeding against the others or other of them; but nothing herein contained shall prevent the Parties so proceeded against from recovering Relief in any Case in which they would now be entitled to Relief by Law.

XII. All Charges and Expenses incurred by the Local Authority in any Proceeding under this Act, in any Place to which this Act shall apply, and not recovered as herein-before provided, may be defrayed out of an Assessment to be levied along with, and in like Manner and under like Powers, which are hereby given, as the Assessment for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which the Penalties may have been incurred, or, where there is no such Assessment, by an Assessment levied in such Manner as an Assessment might have been levied for the Relief of the Poor.

XIII. All Moneys recovered by a Local Authority under this Act shall be applied towards the Expense of executing and enforcing this Act, and any Surplus which may thereafter remain shall be paid to the Parochial Board of the Parish or Combination of Parishes in which the Premises complained of may have been situated, and shall by them be applied in aid of the Rates or Funds for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Combination of Parishes.

XIV. In this Act the Word " Place" shall mean every City or Royal Burgh in Scotland and shall include the whole Area contained within the Parliamentary or Police Limits or Boundaries thereof, provided the same comprehend a Population of not less than Two thousand, and shall also mean and include every Burgh of Barony, Burgh of Regality, containing a similar Amount of Population, according to the Census for the Time being presented to both Houses of Parliament by Command of Her Majesty; and the Expression " Local Authority" shall mean the Procurator Fiscal of the Burgh or County, or of any District thereof, or the Commissioners of Police acting under any Local or General Act of Parliament within any such Place or any Part thereof.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

An Act to continue the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four," to facilitate the Management and " Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England" which Act was limited in Duration to Three Years from the End of the then Session of Parliament; and by the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty was amended and continued, and, as so amended, has, by an Act of the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, been further continued for One Year from the End of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, as amended as aforesaid, should bi further continued: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, ' by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

CAP. LXXIV.

August 1857.]

8 O

I. The

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., a3 amended by 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116., continued until 1 st Jan. 1860.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 74.

Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management Act Continuance.

I. The said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, as amended by the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, shall continue in force until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to confirm an Order in Council concerning the Exercise of Jurisdiction in Matters arising within the Kingdom of Siam.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety -four," to remove Doubts as to the Exercise of Power and " Jurisdiction by Her Majesty within divers Countries and Places out " of Her Majesty's Dominions, and to render the same more effectual," it was enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty to hold, exercise, and enjoy any Power or Jurisdiction which Her Majesty then had or might at any Time thereafter have within any Country or Place out of Her Majesty's Dominions, in the same and as ample a Manner as if Her Majesty had acquired such Power or Jurisdiction by the Cession or Conquest of Territory: And whereas, to make Provision for the due Exercise of the Jurisdiction possessed by Her Majesty in the Dominions of the Kings of Siam, Her Majesty, by an Order in Council, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and expressed to be made in pursuance of the above-recited Act, vested certain Powers and Authorities in Her Majesty's Consul 8 P appointed

6 & 7 Vict. c. 94.

Order in Council, dated 28th July 1856.

Order in Council confirmed.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 75.

Jurisdiction Siam.

appointed to reside in the Kingdom of Siam for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Her Majesty's Subjects being within the Dominions of the Kings of Siam, and particularly Authority to hear and determine any Suits of a Civil Nature arising in those Dominions between a British Subject and a Subject of the Kings of Siam or a Subject or Citizen of a Foreign State in Amity with Her Majesty, or between British Subjects, subject to an Appeal, expressed to be given by the said Order, to the Supreme Court in Her Majesty's Possession of Sing, and also Authority to try British Subjects charged with having committed Crimes or Offences within the Dominions of the Kings of Siam, and Power also to cause any British Subject charged with the Commission of any Crime or Offence, the Cognizance whereof might appertain to .such Consul, to be sent to Her Majesty's Possession of Singapore for Trial before the Supreme Court of the said Possession; and in the said Order in Council are contained Provisions in relation to the Trial by the said Supreme Court of the British Subjects so sent for Trial, and also for the Exercise by the said Supreme Court, concurrently with Her Majesty's Consul in Siam, of Authority and Jurisdiction in regard to all Suits of a Civil Nature between British Subjects arising within the Dominions of the Kings of Siam: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether all the Jurisdiction intended to be vested by the said Order in Council in the Supreme Court of Singapore can be effectually vested in the said Court without the Authority of Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be confirmed as herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The said Order in Council is hereby confirmed, and shall have the same Force and Effect as if every Article and Provision therein had been enacted by the Authority of Parliament: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, at any Time hereafter to amend, alter, or vary the said Order in Council, and from Time to Time by any fresh Order or Orders in Council to make such other Rules and Regulations touching the Administration of Justice by the said Supreme Court at,

under the said recited Order, as to Her Majesty in Council shall seem right.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act further to continue for a limited Time the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS by "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," it was 16 & 17 Vict, provided that that Act should not, for the Period of Two c- 137' Years from the passing thereof, extend or be in any Manner applied to Charities or Institutions the Funds or Income of which were applicable exclusively for the Benefit of Persons of the Roman Catholic Persuasion, and which were under the Superintendence or Control of Persons of that Persuasion: And whereas by "The is&i9 Vict. Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855," such Charities or Institu- c-124, tions as aforesaid were exempted in like Manner from the Operation of the said Amendment Act, and the Exemption so extended was continued until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and has since been extended to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven: And i9 & 20 Vict 20 Vict. whereas it is expedient that such Exemption should be continued as c- 76, herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

8 Q I. That

Exemption continued until 1st September 1858.

Charitable Trusts Acts.

I. That the said Acts shall not, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, extend or be in any Manner applied to the Charities or Institutions aforesaid.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

* 4Ne *

CAP. LX XVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Jurisdiction in relation to the Grant and Revocation of Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration in England should be exercised, in the Name of Her Majesty, by One Court: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act (except where otherwise specially provided) shall come into operation on such Day, not sooner than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, as Her Majesty shall by Order in Council appoint, provided that such Order shall be made One Month at least previously to the Day so to be appointed.

II. In the Construction of this Act, unless the Context be inconsistent with the Meaning hereby assigned 

"Will" shall comprehend "Testament" and all other Testamentary Instruments of which Probate may now be granted:

8 R " Admi-

[Commencement of Act.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Testamentary Jurisdiction of Ecclesiastical and other Courts abolished.

Testamentary Jurisdiction to be exercised by a Court of Probate.

Power to Her Majesty to appoint a Judge of the Court of Probate.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

" Administration shall comprehend all Letters of Administration of the Effects of deceased Persons, whether with or without the Will annexed, and whether granted for general, special, or limited Purposes:

" Matters and Causes Testamentary " shall comprehend all Matters and Causes relating to the Grant and Revocation of Probate of Wills or of Administration:

"Common Form Business" shall mean the Business of obtaining Probate and Administration where there is no Contention as to the Right thereto, including the passing of Probates and Administrations through the Court of Probate in contentious Cases when the Contest is terminated, and all Business of a non-con-tentious Nature to be taken in the Court in Matters of Testacy and Intestacy, not being Proceedings in any Suit, and also the Business of lodging Gaveats against the Grant of Probate or Administration.

III. The voluntary and contentious Jurisdiction and Authority of all Ecclesiastical, Royal Peculiar, Peculiar, Manorial, and other Courts and Persons in England now having Jurisdiction or Authority to grant or revoke Probate of Wills or Letters of Administration of the Effects of deceased Persons, shall in respect of such Matters absolutely cease; and no Jurisdiction or Authority in relation to any Matters or Causes Testamentary, or to any Matter arising out of or connected with the Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration, shall belong to or be exercised by any such Court or Person.

IV. The voluntary and contentious Jurisdiction and Authority in relation to the granting or revoking Probate of Wills and Letters of Administration of the Effects of deceased Persons now vested in or which can be exercised by any Court or Person in England, together with full Authority to hear and determine all Questions relating to Matters and Causes Testamentary, shall belong to and be vested in Her Majesty, and shall, except as herein-after is mentioned, be exercised in the Name of Her Majesty in a Court to be called the Court of Probate, and to hold its ordinary Sittings and to have its Principal Registry at such Place or Places in London or Middlesex as Her Majesty in Council shall from Time to Time appoint.

V. There shall be One Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Probate; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to appoint a Person, being or having been an Advocate of Ten Years Standing, or a Barrister-at-Law of Fifteen Years Standing, to be such Judge.

VI. The

VI. The Judge of the Court of Probate shall hold his Office during Judge's good Behaviour, provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to of

remove any such Judge from his Office upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament.

VII. Every Judge of the Court of Probate shall, before executing judge before any of the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath, which the ^k^thlTfol Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls for the Time being is lowing Oath, hereby respectively authorized and required to administer:

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, That I will ' duly and faithfully, and to the best of my Skill and Power,

execute the Office of Judge of the Court of Probate.

So help me GOD. '

VIII. The Judge shall have Rank and Precedence with the Puisne S"11

© # .Precedence

Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at West- of Judge, minster according to the Date of his Appointment, and he shall have a Secretary and Usher, to be from Time to Time appointed and removed Secretary by him at his Pleasure. an<* Usher.

IX. There shall be paid to the Judge the net yearly Salary of Salaries of Four thousand Pounds, and to his Secretary the net yearly Salary Ju<|gc> Se *

7 w v j ere tar v and of Three hundred Pounds, and to his Usher the net yearly Salary of Usher.

One hundred and fifty Pounds.

X. Upon the next Vacancy in the Office of Judge of the High Judge of Court of Admiralty of England it shall be lawful for Her Majesty,

if She so think fit, to appoint the Person then being Judge of the be also Judge Court of Probate to be also Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, rlu^Coun1" or in case the Office of Judge of the Court of Probate become on the next vacant before the Office of Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Vacanc7-Judge of the Court of Admiralty may, with his Consent, be appointed to and hold also the Office of Judge of the Court of Probate, and after the Union of the said Two Offices they shall be thenceforth held by the same Person.

XI. From and after the Union under this Act of the Two Offices As to In-of Judge of the Court of Probate and Judge of the Court of Admiralty in the same Person, the said yearly Salary of Four thou- Union of the sand Pounds payable under this Act shall be increased to Five Two Offices, thousand Pounds, and the Salary now payable to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty shall cease.

XII. Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Retiring United Kingdom, may grant unto any Person executing the Office j, jggSns

of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

District Registries to be established as in Schedule (A.)

Appointment of Officers of the Court of Probate.

As to Appointment of the First

of Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Probate an Annuity, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, or if such Person be also executing the Office of Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, to commence immediately after the Day when the Person to whom such Annuity shall be granted shall resign the said Office or Offices, and to continue during his natural Life; provided that Her Majesty may, in and by such Letters Patent, limit the Duration of Payment of such Annuity, or any Part thereof, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not exercise any Office of Profit under Her Majesty, so that such Annuity, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds or Three thousand five hundred Pounds, as the Case may be: Provided also, that no Annuity granted to any Person having executed the Office of Judge under this Act, except the present Judge of the Prerogative Court, shall be valid unless such Person shall have held such Office for the Period of Fifteen Years, or have held such Office and any of the Offices of Judge in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity or the High Court of Admiralty for Periods amounting together to Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

XIII. There shall be established for each of the Districts specified in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and at the Places respectively mentioned in such Schedule, a Public Registry attached to and under the Control of the Court of Probate, herein-after referred to as " The District Registry."

XIV. There shall be Three Registrars, Two Record Keepers, and One Sealer for the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate, and there shall be One District Registrar for each District Registry hereinafter referred to as the District Registrar, and there shall be so many Clerks and other Officers for the Court and the Principal Registry as the Judge of the Court, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from Time to Time think fit: Provided, that if at any Time it appear to Her Majesty in Council that the Duties of the Registrars of the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate can be performed by Two Registrars, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to direct that the Number of Registrars for such Principal Registry be reduced accordingly.

XV. Charles Dyneley Esquire, John Iggulden Esquire, and William F. Oostling Esquire, the present Deputy Registrars of the

Prerogative

Prerogative Court of Canterbury, shall, if willing to accept the Office, Office of be the First Registrars of the Principal Registry of the Court of Pro- Be^s"ryipa* bate; Joseph Todd and John Smith, the present Record Keepers of the said Prerogative Court, shall, if willing to accept the Office, be the First Record Keepers at the said4Principal Registry; and William John Ben-y, the present Sealer of the said Prerogative Court, shall, if willing to accept the Office, be the First Sealer at the said Principal Registry; and George Jarvis Foster, Clerk of the Papers in the said Prerogative Court, shall, if willing to accept the Office, be the First Clerk of Papers at the said Principal Registry.

XVI. The other Clerks and Officers now employed in the said clerk# and Prerogative Court shall be transferred to such Situations in the Court Officer# of of Probate and the Principal Registry thereof as the Lord Chancellor c^urt8to be may in that Behalf direct, so that their Duties may be such as, in transferred the Opinion of the said Lord Chancellor, may be as nearly as possible ficeg , n similar to those which they have heretofore discharged in the said Court of Prerogative Court: Provided always, that no such Clerk or other rr0 a Officer shall be so transferred whom the said Lord Chancellor shall consider to be from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause, incompetent to the Discharge of his Duties.

XVII. The Registrar or Deputy Registrar (as the Case may be) Existing now executing in Person the Duties of Registrar of a Diocesan or

other Court exercising Testamentary Jurisdiction at any Place atto be en-which a District Registry is to be established under this Act, or where there is more than One such Registrar or Deputy Registrar so acting District such one of them as the Judge shall select, shall be appointed the First District Registrar for such District, save where the Judge Place#, shall consider such Registrar or Deputy Registrar, or all such Registrars or Deputy Registrars if more than One, to be from Age,

Infirmity, or other Cause incompetent to the Discharge of the Duties of District Registrar; provided that where there is now more than One such Registrar or Deputy Registrar competent to the Discharge of the Duties, the Judge may appoint them or more than One of them to hold such Office of District Registrar jointly with Benefit of Survivorship.

XVIII. The Registrars, District Registrars, and other Officers of A# to Ap-the Court of Probate, except as herein provided, shall be appointed

by the Judge: There shall be paid to the several Officers mentioned Salaries of in Schedule (B.) to this Act the several Salaries set opposite to their Officer#, respective Titles in the same Schedule, and the said District Registrars shall, for the Performance of their Duties under this Act, including the Services of any Clerks they may employ, be entitled to take in 8 S respect

714 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

respect of the Business in their respective District Registries such Fees as shall be fixed as herein-after provided; and, except as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the several Clerks and other Officers appointed under this Act such Salaries or other Remuneration as the Judge, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time in each Case direct.

Tenure of Office of Officers.

XIX. The Registrars and District Registrars shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, subject to be removed by Order of the Lord Chancellor for some reasonable Cause to be in such Order expressed; and the other Officers of the Court may be removed by the Judge, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor.

Qualification XX. No Person shall be appointed a Registrar or District Regis-mdSct' trar who shall not be or have been an Advocate, Barrister-at-Law, Registrars. Proctor, Solicitor, or Attorney-at-Law, unless at the Time of the passing of this Act he is performing in Person the Duties of Registrar or Deputy Registrar of some Ecclesiastical Court in,

or is acting as Articled Clerk or Paid Clerk to a Proctor in Doctors Commons, or as Officer or Clerk in the Office of the said Prerogative Court, or of the Prerogative Court of York, or of any Diocesan Court.

Officers of XXI. All Registrars, District Registrars, Officers, and Clerks of to the Court of Probate shall execute their respective Offices in Person their Offices and not by Deputy; and no Registrar of the Principal Registry of m Person, the Court, nor any Officer or Clerk in the Principal Registry thereof, &cfnot<to' shkU during the Time of his holding such Office directly or indirectly act as Proc- practise as an Advocate, Barrister, Proctor, Solicitor, or Attorney, or tors, &c. receive or participate in the Fees of any other Person so practising.

Power to Judge to cause Seals of the Court to be provided.

XXII. The Judge shall cause to be made Seals for the Court of Probate, that is to say, One Seal to be used in its Principal Registry, and separate Seals to be used in the several District Registries, and may cause the same respectively from Time to Time to be broken, altered, and renewed at his Discretion; and all Probates, Letters of Administration, Orders, and other Instruments, and Exemplifications and Copies thereof, respectively, purporting to be sealed with any Seal of the Court of Probate, shall in all Parts of the United Kingdom be received in Evidence without further Proof thereof.

The Court to have throughout all England the same Power* as

XXIII. The Court of Probate shall be a Court of Record, and such Court shall have the same Powers, and its Grants and Orders shall have the same Effect, throughout all England, and in relation to the Personal Estate in all Parts of England of deceased Persons, as the Pre-

rogative

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

rogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury and its Grants and the Prero-Orders respectively now have in the Province of, or in the

Parts of such Province within its Jurisdiction, and in relation to those Province of Matters and Causes Testamentary and those Effects of deceased Canterbur7° Persons which are within the Jurisdiction of the said Prerogative Court; and all Duties which, by Statute or otherwise, are imposed on or should be performed by Ordinaries generally, or on or by the said Prerogative Court, in respect of Probates, Administrations, or Matters or Causes Testamentary within their respective Jurisdictions, shall be performed by the Court of Probate: Provided that no Suits Suits for for Legacies, or Suits for the Distribution of Residues, shall be entertained by the Court, or by any Court or Person whose Jurisdic- not to be tion as to Matters and Causes Testamentary is hereby abolished. entertained.

XXIV. The Court of Probate may require the Attendance of any Power to Party in Person, or of any Person whom it may think fit to examine witnesws. or cause to be examined in any Suit or other Proceeding in respect of Matters or Causes Testamentary, and may examine or cause to be examined upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may require, Parties and Witnesses by Word of Mouth, and may, either before or after or with or without such Examination, cause them or any of them to be examined on Interrogatories, or receive' their or any of their Affidavits or solemn Affirmations, as the Case may be; and the As to Pro-Court may by Writ require such Attendance, and order to be pro- DeedlT&c. duced before itself or otherwise any Deeds, Evidences, or Writings, in the same Form, or nearly as may be, as that in which a Writ of Subpoena ad testificandum, or of Subpoena duces tecum, is now issued by any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster; and every Person disobeying any such Writ shall be considered as in Contempt of the Court, and also be liable to forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

XXV. The Court of Probate shall have the like Powers, Jurisdic- Powers of tion, and Authority for enforcing the Attendance of Persons required toenforce by it as aforesaid, and for punishing Persons failing, neglecting, or Orders, refusing to produce Deeds, Evidences, or Writings, or refusing to appear or to be sworn, or make Affirmation or Declaration, or to give Evidence, or guilty of Contempt, and generally for enforcing all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments made or given by the Court under this Act, and otherwise in relation to the Matters to be inquired into and done by or under the Orders of the Court under this Act, as are by Law vested in the High Court of Chancery for such Purposes in relation to any Suit or Matter depending in such Court.

XXVI. The

Order to produce any Instrument purporting to be testamentary.

Registrars, fcc. to have Power to administer Oaths.

Power to appoint, also Commissioners to administer Oaths, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

XXVI. The Court of Probate may, on Motion or Petition, or otherwise, in a summary Way, whether any Suit or other Proceeding shall or shall not be pending in the Court with respect to any Probate or Administration, order any Person to produce and bring into the Principal or any District Registry, or otherwise as the Court may direct, any Paper or Writing being or purporting to be testamentary, which may be shown to be in the Possession or under the Control of such Person; and if it be not shown that any such Paper or Writing is in the Possession or under the Control of such Person, but it shall appear that there are reasonable Grounds for believing that he has the Knowledge of any such Paper or Writing, the Court may direct such Person to attend for the Purpose of being examined in open Court, or upon Interrogatories respecting the same, and such Person shall be bound to answer such Questions or Interrogatories, and, if so ordered, to produce and bring in such Paper or Writing, and shall be subject to the like Process of Contempt in case of Default in not attending or in not answering such Questions or Interrogatories, or not bringing in such Paper or Writing, as he would have been subject to in case he had been a Party to a Suit in the Court and had made such Default; and the Costs of any such Motion, Petition, or other Proceeding shall be in the Discretion of the Court.

XXVII. The Registrars and District Registrars shall respectively have full Power to administer Oaths; and all Persons who at the Commencement of this Act shall be acting as Surrogates of any Ecclesiastical Court, and any other Persons whom the Judge shall, under the Seal of the Court, from Time to Time appoint, shall respectively have full Power to administer Oaths and perform such other Duties in reference to Matters and Causes Testamentary as may be assigned to them from Time to Time by the Rules and Orders under this Act; and the Persons so appointed shall be styled " Commissioners of Her Majesty's Court of ProbateProvided, that any Party required to be examined, or any Person called as a Witness or required or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition under or for the Purposes of this Act, shall be permitted to make his solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of being sworn in the Circumstances and Manner in which a Person called as a Witness or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition would be permitted so to do under the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854, in Cases within the Provisions of that Act; and any Person who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or who shall wilfully swear, affirm, or declare falsely in any Affidavit or Deposition before the Court of Probate, or before any Registrar, District Registrar, or Commissioner of the Court, shall be liable to the Penalties and Consequences of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. If

XXVIII. If any Person forge the Signature of any Registrar, District Penalty on Registrar, or Commissioner for taking Oaths, or forge or counterfeit

any Seal of the Court of Probate, or knowingly use, or concur in using ing Seals or any such forged or counterfeit Signature or Seal, or tender in Evidence any Document with a false or counterfeit Signature of such Registrar,

District Registrar, or Commissioner, or with a false or counterfeit Seal, knowing the same Signature or Seal to be false or counterfeit, every such Person shall be guilty of' Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Penal Servitude for the Term of his Life or any Term not less than Seven Years, or to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with or without Hard Labour.

XXIX. The Practice of the Court of Probate shall, except where Practice of otherwise provided by this Act, or by the Rules or Orders to be the Coort from Time to Time made under this Act, be, so far as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, according to the present Practice

in the Prerogative Court.

XXX. And to the Intent and End that the Procedure and Practice Rules and of the Court may be of the most simple and expeditious Character, 1)6

it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, at any Time after the regulating passing of this Act, with the Advice and Assistance of the Lord

Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, or any One of the Court. Judges of the Superior Courts of Law to be by such Chief Justice named in that Behalf, and of the Judge of the said Prerogative Court, to make Rules and Orders, to take effect when this Act shall come into operation, for regulating the Procedure and Practice of the Court, and the Duties of the Registrars, District Registrars, and other Officers thereof, and for determining what shall be deemed contentious and what shall be deemed non-contentious Business, and, subject to the express Provisions of this Act, for fixing and regulating the Time and Manner of appealing from the Decisions of the said Court, and generally for carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect; and after the Time when this Act shall come into operation it shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Probate from Time to Time, with the Concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the said Lord Chief Justice, or any One of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Law to be by such Chief Justice named in this Behalf, to repeal, amend, add to, or alter any such Rules and Orders as to him, with such Concurrence as aforesaid, may seem fit.

XXXI. Subject to the Regulations to be established by such Mode of

Rules and Orders as aforesaid, the Witnesses, and where necessary the V1"

Parties, in all contentious Matters where their Attendance C&n be contentious had, shall be examined orally by or before the Judge ih open Court: Matter8,

8 T Provided

Court may issue Commissions or give Orders for Examination of Witnesses abroad, or who are unable to attend.

Rules of Evidence in Common Law Courts to be observed.

Common Law Judges may sit, on Request of Judge of Court,

Court may cause Questions of Fact to be tried

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probate* and Letters of Administration.

Provided always, that, subject to any such Regulations as aforesaid, the Parties shall be at liberty to verify their respective Cases, in whole or in part, by Affidavit, but so that the Deponent in every such Affidavit shall, on the Application v of the opposite Party, be subject to be cross-examined by or on behalf of such opposite Party orally in open Court as aforesaid, and after such Cross-examination may be re-examined orally in open Court as aforesaid by or on behalf of the Party by whom .such Affidavit was filed.

XXXII. Provided, That where a Witness in any such Matter is out

of the Jurisdiction of the Court, or where, by reason of his Illness or otherwise, the Court shall not think fit to enforce the Attendance of the Witness in open Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to order a Commission to issue for the Examination of such Witness on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, or if the Witness be within the Jurisdiction of the Court to order the Examination of such Witness on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, before any Officer of the said Court, or other Person to be named in such Order for the Purpose; and all the Powers given to the Courts of Law at Westminster by the Acts of the Thirteenth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-three, and of the First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-two, for enabling the Courts of Law at Westminster to issue Commissions and give Orders for the Examination of Witnesses in Actions depending in such Courts, and to enforce such Examination, and all the Provisions of the said Acts, and of any other Acts for enforcing or otherwise applicable to such Examination, and the Witnesses examined, shall extend and be applicable to the said Court of Probate and to the Examination of Witnesses under the Commissions and Orders of the said Court, and to the Witnesses examined, as if such Court were One of the Courts of Law at, and the

Matter before it were an Action pending in such Court.

XXXIII. The Rules of Evidence observed in the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster shall be applicable to and observed in the Trial of all Questions of Fact in the Court of Probate.

XXXIV. It shall be lawftil for the Judge of the Court of Probate to sit, with the Assistance of any Judge or Judges of any of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, who, upon the Request of the Judge of the Court of Probate, may find it convenient to attend for that Purpose.

XXXV. It shall be lawftil for the Court of Probate to cause any Question of Fact arising in any Suit or Proceeding under this Act to be tried by a Special or Common Jury before the Court itself, or

by

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

by means of an Issue to be directed to any of the Superior Courts of by a Jury Common Law, in the same Manner as an Issue may now be directed by the Court of Chancery, and such Question shall be so tried by a Issue to a Jury in any Case where an Heir-at-Law, cited or otherwise made of' Party to the Suit or Proceeding, makes Application to the Court of Probate for that Purpose; and in any other Case where all the Parties to the Suit or Proceeding concur in such an Application, and where any Party or Parties other than such Heir-at-Law make a like Application (the other Party or Parties not concurring therein), and the Court shall refuse to cause such Question to be tried by a Jury, such Refusal of the Court shall be subject to Appeal as herein provided.

XXXVI. When the Court shall order a Question of Fact to be tried before itself by a Jury, the Court may make all such Rules and for the Trial Orders upon the Sheriff or any other Person for procuring the of Questions Attendance of a Special or Common Jury for the Trial of such ft Jury"

Question as may now be made by any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and may also make any other Orders which to such Court may seem requisite; and every such Jury shall consist of Persons possessing the Qualifications, and shall be struck, summoned, balloted for, and called in like Manner as if such Jury were a Jury for the Trial of any Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Juryman so summoned shall be entitled to the same Rights, and subject to the same Duties and Liabilities, as if he had been duly summoned for the Trial of any such Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Party to any such Proceeding shall be entitled to the same Rights as to Challenge and otherwise as if he were a Party to any such Cause; and generally for all Purposes of or auxiliary to the Trial of Questions of Fact by a Jury before the Court itself, and in respect of new Trials thereof, and also for all Purposes in relation to or consequential upon the Direction of Issues, the Court of Probate shall have the same Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authority in all respects as belong to any Superior Court of Common Law, or to any Judge thereof, or to the High Court of Chancery, or any Judge thereof, for the like Purposes.

XXXVII. When any such Question shall be so ordered to be tried

by a Jury before the Court itself, such Question shall be reduced and Jury

into Writing in such Form as the Court shall direct, and at the Trial to

the Jury shall be sworn to try the said Question, and a true Verdict

to give thereon according to the Evidence; and upon every such Trial Court, on the Court of Probate shall have the same Powers, Jurisdiction, and Trial, to have

/ tiio same

Authority as belong to any Judge of any of the said Superior Courts Authority as

sitting at Nisi Prius. at

Nisi Prius.

XXXVIII. Where

Court may direct where Issues shall be tried

Appeal to the House of Lords.

Advocates admitted to practise.

Barristers may practise in contentious Causes.

Advocates admitted to practise as Barristers.

Proctors admitted to practise.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

XXXVIII. Where the Court of Probate directs an Issue, it shall be lawful for such Court to direct such Issue to be tried either before a Judge of Assize in any County or at the Sittings for the Trial of Causes in London or Middlesex, and either by a Special or Common Jury, in like Manner as is now done by the Court of Chancery.

XXXIX. Any Person considering himself aggrieved by any final or interlocutory Decree or Order of the Court of Probate may appeal therefrom to the House of Lords: Provided always, that no Appeal from any interlocutory Order of the Court of Probate shall be made without Leave of the Court of Probate first obtained, but on the Hearing of an Appeal from any final Decree all interlocutory Orders complained of shall be considered as under Appeal as well as the final Decree.

XL. All Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act have been admitted Advocates in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts shall be entitled to practise as Advocates or Counsel in all Matters and Causes whatsoever in the Court of Probate; and all Serjeants and Barristers-at-Law shall be entitled to practise as Advocates or Counsel in all contentious Matters and Causes in the said Court; and such Persons who have been so admitted Advocates and Serjeants and Barristers-at-Law shall have respectively the same Rank and Precedence which they now have before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, unless and until Her Majesty shall otherwise order.

XLI. All Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act have been admitted as Advocates as aforesaid shall be entitled to practise as Counsel in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity in England, with the same Eligibility to Appointments, under Acts of Parliament or otherwise, as if they had respectively been duly called to the Degree of Barrister-at-Law on the Days on which they respectively were so admitted as Advocates, and with the same Rank and Precedence which they now have before the said Judicial Committee, unless and until Her Majesty shall otherwise order.

XLII. Every Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act is actually admitted and practising as a Proctor in the Courts in Doctors Commons, or in the Prerogative Court of York, or in any Diocesan Court, or in any Archidiaconal Court, having previously duly served under Articles of Clerkship either to an Attorney or Proctor, may, upon his Application, at any Time within One Year after the passing

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

passing of this Act, be admitted a Proctor of the Court of Probate, without Payment of any Fee or Stamp Duty.

XLIII. Every Person who at the Time of the Commencement of Admission of this Act is acting as Registrar or Deputy Registrar of any Ecclesiastical Court, or is actually admitted and practising as a Proctor in the as Solicitors. Courts in Doctors Commons, or in any Ecclesiastical Court in' England or Wales, may, within One Year after the passing of this Act, be admitted, without the Payment of any Stamp Duty, Fee, Charge, or Gratuity whatsoever, as a Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery, upon the Production of his Appointment or Admission as such Registrar, Deputy Registrar, or Proctor, or an official Certificate thereof; and upon the Production of an official Certificate that such Appointment or Admission continued in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and upon signing the Roll of Solicitors of the High Court of Chancery, but not otherwise, such Person shall be entitled to be admitted as a Solicitor of such Court, and to be afterwards in like Manner admitted and enrolled as an Attorney of Her Majesty's Superior Courts.

XLIV. Every Person who at the Time of the Commencement of Admission of this Act has served or is actually serving as an Articled Clerk to a Proctor entitled to take such Articled Clerk, and who has not been proctors as admitted as a Proctor, shall be entitled to be admitted as a Solicitor Solicitors, of the High Court of Chancery, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and upon the same Conditions as if he had before the Commencement of this Act been articled to a Solicitor or to an Attorney-at-Law; and such Admission shall entitle such Articled Clerk so admitted as a Solicitor to be afterwards in like Manner admitted and enrolled as an Attorney of Her Majesty's Superior Courts: Provided, that if any such Proctor to whom any such Clerk is now articled shall retire from Practice after the passing of this Act, he shall and is hereby required to transfer such articled Clerk to some other Proctor, or to a Solicitor, or to an Attorney-at-Law, for the unexpired Term of his Articles of Clerkship; provided that the Court shall at any Time have the same Power to transfer such Clerk, during the unexpired Term of his Articles of Clerkship, to any other Proctor, or to a Solicitor, or to an Attorney-at-Law, as the Judge of the Prerogative Court now has in respect to Clerks articled to Proctors practising in the Court of Arches.

XLV. All Solicitors and Attornies-at-Law may practise in the Practi-Court of Probate, and the Laws and Statutes now in force concerning tlonerB* Solicitors and Attornies shall extend to Solicitors and Attornies practising in the said Court; and the Commissioners for taking Oaths 8 U in

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

in the High Court of Chancery shall be Commissioners for taking Oaths in the Court of Probate.

Probates and XL YI. Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration may, upon

Administra- Application for that Purpose to the District Registry, be granted granted^in 6 in Common Form by the District Registrar in the Name of the Court Common of Probate and under the Seal appointed to be used in such District

District" Registry, if it shall appear by Affidavit of the Person or some or One

Registrars, ' of the Persons applying for the same that the Testator or Intestate,

appear by as the Case may be, at the Time of his Death had a fixed Place of

Affidavit Abode within the District in which the Application is made, such

Testator, &c. Rlace of Abode being stated in the Affidavit, and such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have effect over the Personal Estate of the Deceased in all Parts of England accordingly.

XLVII. Such Affidavit shall be conclusive for the Purpose of authorizing the Grant, by the District Registrar, of Probate or Administration; and no such Grant of Probate or Administration shall be liable to be recalled, revoked, or otherwise impeached by reason that the Testator or Intestate had no fixed Place of Abode within the District at the Time of his Death; and every Probate and Administration granted by any such District Registrar shall effectually discharge and protect all Persons paying to or dealing with any Executor or Administrator thereunder, notwithstanding the Want of or Defect in such Affidavit, as is hereby required.

XLVIII. The District Registrar shall not grant Probate or Administration in any Case in which there is Contention as to the Grant until such Contention is terminated or disposed of by Decree or otherwise, or in which it otherwise appears to him that Probate or Administration ought not to be granted in Common Form.

XLIX. Notice of every Application to any District Registrar for the Grant of Probate or Administration shall be transmitted by such Application District Registrar to the Registrars of the Principal Registry by the Probate" &cf next R°st after such Application shall have been made; and such to District Notice shall specify the Name and Description, or Addition (if any), Registrar. of the Testator or Intestate, the Time of his Death, and the Place of his Abode at his Decease, as stated in the Affidavit made in support of such Application, and the Name of the Person by whom the Application has been made, and such other Particulars as may be directed by Rules or Orders under this Act; and no Probate or Administration shall be granted in pursuance of such Application until such District Registrar shall have received a Certificate, under the Hand of One of the Registrars of the Principal Registry, that no

other

had a fixed Place of Abode.

Affidavit to be conclusive for authorizing Grant of Probate.

District Registrars not to make Grantswhere there is Contention, &c.

As to Transmission of Notice of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77. 723

Probates and Letters of Administration.

other Application appears to have been made in respect of the Goods of the same deceased Person, which Certificate the said Registrar of the Principal Registry shall forward as soon as may be to the District Registrar; all such Notices in respect of Applications in the District Registries shall be filed and kept in the Principal Registry, and the Registrars of the Principal Registry shall, with reference to every such Notice, examine all Notices of such Applications which may have been received from the several other District Registries, and the Applications which may have been made for Grants of Probate or Administration at the Principal Registry, so far as it may appear necessary to ascertain whether or no Application for Probate or Administration, in respect of the Goods of the same deceased Person, may have been made in more than One Registry, and shall communicate with the District Registrars as Occasion may require in relation to such Applications.

L. In every Case where it appears to a District Registrar District Re-that it is doubtful whether the Probate or Letters of Administration g^raHn which may be applied for should or should not be granted, or where as to Grant any Question arises in relation to the Grant, or Application for to take the the Grant, of any Probate or Administration, the District Registrar the Judge, shall transmit a Statement of the Matter in question to the Registrars of the Court of Probate, who shall obtain the Directions of the Judge in relation thereto, and the Judge may direct the District Registrar to proceed in the Matter of the Application according to such Instructions as to the Judge may seem necessary, or may forbid any further Proceeding by the District Registrar in relation to the Matter of such Application, leaving the Party applying for the Grant in question to make Application to the Court of Probate through its Principal Registry, or, if the Case be within its Jurisdiction, to a County Court.

LI. On the First Thursday of every Month, or oftener District if required by any Rules or Orders to be made in that Behalf, every District Registrar shall transmit to the Registrars of the Lists of Principal Registry a List, in such Form and containing such Parti- ^atesand culars as may be from Time to Time required by the Court of tions, and Probate, or by any Rules or Orders under this Act, of the Grants Copies of of Probate and Administration made by such District Registrar up 1 to the last preceding Saturday, and not included in a previous Return, and also a Copy, certified by the District Registrar to be a correct Copy, of every Will to which any such Probate or Administration relates.

LII. Every District Registrar shall file and preserve all District original Wills of which Probate or Letters of Administration with

3 to preserve

the

original

Will*.

As to Caveats.

Where Personalty is under 200/., and Real Property is under 300/., County Court to have Jurisdiction.

Registrar of County Court to transmit Certificate of Decree for

20° & 2J° VICTORIA/:Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

the Will annexed may be granted by him, in the Public Registry of the District, subject to such Regulations as the Judge of the Court of Probate may from Time to Time make in relation to the due Preservation thereof, and the convenient Inspection of the same.

LIII. Caveats against the Grant of Probates or Administrations may be lodged in the Principal Registry or in any District Registry, and (subject to any Rules or Orders under this Act) the Practice and Procedure under such Caveats in the Court of Probate shall, as near as may be, correspond with the Practice and Procedure under Caveats now in use in the Prerogative Court of and

immediately upon a Caveat being lodged in any District Registry, the District Registrar shall send a Copy thereof to the Registrars to be entered among the Caveats in the Principal Registry; and immediately upon a Caveat being entered in the Principal Registry, Notice thereof shall be given to the District Registrar of the District, if any, in which it is alleged the Deceased resided at the Time of his Decease, and to any other District Registrar to whom it may appear to the Registrar of the Principal Registry expedient to transmit the same.

LIV. Where it shall appear by Affidavit of the Person or some or One of the Persons applying for Probate or Letters of Administration that the Testator or Intestate had at the Time of his Death his fixed Place of Abode in One of the Districts specified in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and that the Personal Estate in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration should be granted under this Act, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee, and not beneficially, but without deducting anything on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased, is under the Value of Two hundred Pounds, and that the Deceased at the Time of his Death was not seised or entitled beneficially of or to any Real Estate, or that the Value of the Real Estate of or to which he was seised or entitled beneficially at the Time of his Death was under the Value of Three hundred Pounds, the Judge of the County Court having Jurisdiction in the Place in which it shall be sworn that the Deceased had at the Time of his Death his fixed Place of Abode shall have the contentious Jurisdiction and Authority of the Court of Probate in respect of Questions as to the Grant and Revocation of Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such deceased Person, in case there be any Contention in relation thereto.

LV. On a Decree being made by a Judge of a County Court for the Grant or Revocation of a Probate or Administration in any such Cause, the Registrar of the County Court shall transmit to the District Registrar of the District in which it shall have been sworn

that

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

that the Deceased had at the Time of his Decease his fixed Place of Grant or Abode a Certificate under the Seal of the County Court of such Decree ^p^bate1 having been made, and thereupon, on the Application of the Party or Parties in favour of whom such Decree shall have been made, a Probate or Administration in compliance with such Decree shall be issued from such District Registry; or, as the Case may require, the Probate or Letters of Administration theretofore granted shall be recalled or varied by the District Registrar according to the Effect of such Decree.

LYI. The Judge of any County Court before whom any disputed The Judge Question shall be raised relating to Matters and Causes Testamentary under this Act shall, subject to the Rules and Orders under this Act, cide Causes have all the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority to decide the same enfor, and enforce Judgment therein, and to enforce Orders in relation as in other thereto, as if the same had been an ordinary Action in the County Cases. Court.

LVII. The Affidavit as to the Place of Abode and State of the Property of a Testator or Intestate which is to give contentious Jurisdiction to the Judge of a County Court under the previous Provisions shall, except as herein-after provided, be conclusive for the Purpose of authorizing the Exercise of such Jurisdiction, and the Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration in compliance with the Decree of such Judge; and no such Grant of Probate or Administration shall be liable to be recalled, revoked, or otherwise impeached by reason that the Testator or Intestate had no fixed Place of Abode within the Jurisdiction of such Judge or within any of the said Districts at the Time of his Death, or by reason that the Personal Estate sworn to be under the Value of Two hundred Pounds did in fact amount to or exceed that Value, or that the Value of the Real Estate of or to which the Deceased was seised or entitled beneficially at the Time of his Death amounted to or exceeded Three hundred Pounds: Provided, that where it shall be shown to the Judge of a County Court before whom any Matter is pending under this Act that the Place of Abode or State of the Property of the Testator or Intestate in respect of whose Will or Estate he may have been applied to for Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration has not been correctly stated in the Affidavit, and if correctly stated would not have authorized him to exercise such contentious Jurisdiction, he shall stay all further Proceedings in his Court in the Matter, leaving any Party to apply to the Court of Probate for such Grant or Revocation, and making such Order as to the Costs of the Proceedings before him as he may think just.

8 X LVIII. Any

Affidavit of the Facto giving the Coanty Court Jurisdiction to be conclusive, unless disproved while the Matter is pending.

As to Appeals from County Court.

Not obligatory to apply for Probate, &c. to District Registries or County Court, but may in every Case b? made to Court of Probate.

and Orders for ^regulating the Procedure of County Courts under the Act to be made by the Judges now having Authority for the like Purpose.

Where a Will affecting Real Estate is proved in solemn Form, or is the Subject of a contentious Proceed-

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

LVIII. Any Party who shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the Judge of the County Court in point of Law, or upon the Admission or Rejection of any Evidence in any Matter or Cause under this Act, may appeal from the same to the Court of Probate, in such Maimer and subject to such Regulations as may be provided by the Rules and Orders to be made under this Act, and the Decision of the Court of Probate on such Appeal shall be final.

LIX. It shall not be obligatory on any Person to apply for Probate or Administration to any District Registry, or through any County Court, but in every Case such Application may be made through the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate, wherever the Testator or Intestate may at the Time of his Death have had his fixed Place of Abode: Provided, that where in any contentious Matter arising out of any such Application it is shown to the Court of Probate that the State of the Property and Place of Abode of the Deceased were such as to give contentious Jurisdiction to the Judge of a County Court, the Court of Probate may send the Cause to such County Court, and the Judge thereof shall proceed therein as if such Application and Cause had been made to and arisen, in his Court in the first instance.

LX. For regulating the Procedure and Practice of the County Courts, and the Judges, Registrars, and Officers thereof, in relation to their Jurisdiction and Proceedings under this Act, Rides and Orders may be from Time to Time framed, amended, and certified by the County Court Judges appointed for the Time being to frame Rules and Orders for regulating the Practice of the County Courts under the Act of the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, and shall be subject to be allowed or disallowed or altered, and shall be in force from the Day named for that Purpose by the Lord Chancellor, as in the said Act is provided in relation to other Rules and Orders regulating the Practice of the same Courts; and for establishing Rules and Orders to be in force when this Act comes into operation, the Power given by this Enactment shall be exercised as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act.

LXI. Where Proceedings are taken under this Act for proving a Will in solemn Form, or for revoking the Probate of a Will, on the Ground of the Invalidity thereof, or where in any other contentious Cause or Matter under this Act the Validity of a Will is disputed, unless in the several Gases aforesaid the Will affects only .Personal Estate, the Heir-at-Law, Devisees and other. Persons having or pretending Interest in the Real Estate affected by the Will shall, subject

to

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77. 727

Probates and Letters of Administration.

to the Provisions of this Act, and to the Rules and Orders under this i, g, the Heir Act, be cited to see Proceedings, - or otherwise summoned in like Manner as the Next of Kin or others having or pretending Interest the Real in the Personal Estate' affected by a Will should be cited or sum- Estate 10 moned, and may be permitted to become Parties, or intervene for their respective Interests in such Real Estate, subject to such Rules and Orders, and to the Discretion of the Court.

LXII. Where Probate of such Will is granted after such Proof in solemn Form, or where the Validity of the Will is otherwise declared by the Decree or Order in such contentious Cause or Matter as aforesaid, the Probate, Decree, or Order respectively shall enure for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the Real Estate affected by such Will, and the Probate Copy of such Will, or the Letters of Administration with such Will annexed, or a Copy thereof respectively, stamped with the Seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, shall in all Courts, and' in all Suits and Proceedings affecting Real Estate, of whatever Tenure, (save Proceedings by way of Appeal under this Act, or for the Revocation of such Probate or Administration,) be received as conclusive Evidence of the Validity and Contents of such Will, in like Manner as a Probate is received in Evidence in Matters relating to the Personal Estate; and where Probate is refused or revoked, on the Ground of the Invalidity of the Will, or the Invalidity of the Will is otherwise declared by Decree or Order under this Act, such Decree or Order shall enure for the Benefit of the Heir-at-Law

Where the Will is proved in solemn Form, or its Validity otherwise decided on, the Dccree of the Court to be binding on the Persons interested in the Real Estate.

or other Persons against whose Interest in Real Estate such Will might operate, and such Will shall not be received in Evidence in any Suit or Proceeding in relation to Real Estate, save in any Proceeding by way of Appeal from such Decrees or Orders.

LXIII. Nothing herein contained shall make it necessary to cite the Heir in cer-Heir-at-Law or other Persons having or pretending Interest in the be* Real Estate of a deceased Person, unless it is shown to the Court and cited, and the Court is satisfied that the Deceased was at the Time of his Decease ^J*ere no *

cited npt to

seised of or entitled to or had Power to appoint by Will some Real be affected Estate beneficially, or in any Case where the Will propounded or of Probate' which the Validity is in question would not in the Opinion of the Court, though established as to Personalty, affect Real Estate, but in every such Case, and in any other Case in which the Court may, with reference to the Circumstances of the Property of the Deceased or otherwise, think fit, the Court may proceed without citing the Heir or other Persons interested in Real Estate; provided that the Probate,

Decree, or Order of the Court shall not in any Case affect the Heir or any Person in respect of his Interest in Real Estate, unless such

Heir

Probate or Office Copy to be Evidence of the Will in Suits concerning Beal Estate, save where the Validity of the Will is put in issue.

As to Costs of Proof of Will

Place of Deposit of original Wills.

Judge to cause Calendars to be made from Time to Time in the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

Heir or Person has been cited or made Party to the Proceedings, or derives Title under or through a Person so cited or made Party.

LXIV. In any Action at Law or Suit in Equity, where, according to the existing Law, it would be necessary to produce and prove an original Will in order to establish a Devise or other Testamentary Disposition of or affecting Real Estate, it shall be lawful for the Party intending to establish in Proof such Devise or other Testamentary Disposition to give to the opposite Party, Ten Days at least before the Trial or other Proceeding in which the said Proof shall be intended to be adduced, Notice that he intends at the said Trial or other Proceeding to give in Evidence as Proof of the Devise or other Testamentary Disposition the Probate of the said Will or the Letters of Administration with the Will annexed, or a Copy thereof stamped with any Seal of the Court of Probate; and in every such Case such Probate or Letters of Administration, or Copy thereof respectively, stamped as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Will and of its Validity and Contents, notwithstanding the same may not have been proved in solemn Form, or have been otherwise declared valid in a contentious Cause or Matter, as herein provided, unless the Party receiving such Notice shall, within Four Days after such Receipt, .give Notice that he disputes the Validity of such Devise or other Testamentary Disposition.

LXV. In every Case in which, in any such Action or Suit, the original Will shall be produced and proved, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom such Evidence shall be given to direct by which of the Parties the Costs thereof shall be paid.

LXVI. There shall be One Place of Deposit under the Control of the Court of Probate, at such Place in London or Middlesex as Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct, in which all the original Wills brought into the Court or of which Probate or Administration with the Will annexed is granted under this Act in the Principal Registry thereof, and Copies of all Wills the Originals whereof are to be preserved in the District Registries, and such other Documents as the Court may direct, shall be deposited and preserved, and may be inspected under the Control of the Court and subject to the Rules and Orders under this Act.

LXVII. The Judge shall cause to be made from Time to Time in the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate Calendars of the Grants of Probate and Administration in the Principal Registry, and in the several District Registries of the Court, for such Periods as

the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

the Judge may think fit, each such Calendar to contain a Note of every Probate or Administration with the Will annexed granted within the Period therein specified, and also a Note of every other Administration granted within the same Period, such respective Notes setting forth the Dates of such Grants, the Registry in which the Grants were made, the Names of the Testators and Intestates, the Place and Time of Death, the Names and Descriptions of the Executors and Administrators, and the Value of the Effects; and the Calendars to be so made shall be printed as the same are from Time to Time completed.

LXVIII. The Registrars shall cause a printed Copy of every Calendar to be transmitted through the Post or otherwise to each of the District Registries, and to the Office of Her Majesty's Prerogative in Dublin, the Office' of the Commissary of the County of Midlothian in Edinburgh, and such other Offices, if any, as the Court of Probate shall from Time to Time by Rule or Order direct; and every printed Copy of a Calendar so transmitted as aforesaid shall be kept in the Registry or Office to which it is transmitted, and may be inspected by any Person on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Search, without reference to the Number of Calendars inspected.

LXIX. An official Copy of the whole or any Part of a Will, or an official Certificate of the Grant of any Letters of Administration, may be obtained from the Registry or District Registry where the Will has been proved or the Administration granted, on the Payment of such Fees as shall be fixed for the same by the Rules and Orders under this Act.

LXX. Pending any Suit touching the Validity of the Will of any deceased Person, or for obtaining, recalling, or revoking any Probate or any Grant of Administration, the Court of Probate may appoint an Administrator of the Personal Estate of such deceased Person; and the Administrator so appointed shall have all the Rights and Powers of a General Administrator, other than the Right of distributing the Residue of such Personal Estate; and every such Administrator shall be subject to the immediate Control of the Court, and act under its Direction.

LXXI. It shall be lawful for the Court of Probate to appoint any Administrator appointed as aforesaid or any other Person to be Receiver of the Real Estate of any deceased Person pending any Suit in the Court touching the Validity of any Will of such deceased Person by which his Real Estate may be affected, and such Receiver shall have such Power to receive all Rents and Profits of such Real Estate, 8 Y and

Principal Registry, and to be printed *

Registrar to transmit

printed Copies to certain Offices.

Official Copy of whole or Part of Will may be obtained.

Administration pendente lite.

Receiver of Real Estate pendente lite.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

and such Powers of letting and managing such Real Estate, as the Court may direct.

Remunera- LX XII. The Court of Probate may direct that Administrators and

ministortors Receivers appointed pending Suits involving Matters and Causes pendente Testamentary shall receive out of the Personal and Heal Estate covers!*6 of the Deceased such reasonable Remuneration as the Court think fit.

Power sfl to LXXIII. Where a Person has died or shall die wholly intestate as meirt of Ad- to his Personal Estate, or leaving a Will affecting Personal Estate, but ministrator. without having appointed an Executor thereof willing and competent to take Probate, or where the Executor shall at the Time of the Death of such Person be resident out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and it shall appear to the Court to be necessary or convenient in any such Case, by reason of the Insolvency of the Estate of the Deceased, or other special Circumstances, to appoint some Person to be the Administrator of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, or of any Part of such Personal Estate, other than the Person who if this Act had not been passed would by Law have been entitled to a Grant of Administration of such Personal Estate, it shall not be obligatory upon the Court to grant Administration of the Personal Estate of such deceased Person to the Person who if this Act had not passed would by Law have been entitled to a Grant thereof, but it shall be lawful for the Court, in its Discretion, , to appoint such Person as the Court shall think fit to be Such Administrator upon his giving such Security (if any) as the Court shall direct, and every such Administration may be limited as the Court shall think fit.

38 G. 3. c. 87. LXXIV. The Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year

to Adffib His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-seven, shall, nistrators. apply (in like Manner) to all Cases where Letters of Administration have been granted, and the Person to whom such Administration shall have been granted shall be out of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity.

After Grant of Administration no Person to have Power to sue as an Executor.

LXXV. After any Grant of Administration, no Person shall have Power to sue or prosecute any Suit, or otherwise act as Executor of the Deceased, as to the Personal Estate comprised in or affected by such Grant of Administration, until such Administration shall have been recalled or revoked.

Revocation of temporary Grants not

LXXVI. Where before the Revocation of any temporary Administration any Proceedings at Law or in Equity have been commenced

by

20" & 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

by or against any Administrator so appointed, the Court in which to prejudice such Proceedings are pending may order that a Suggestion be made g^na or upon the Record of the Revocation of such Administration, and of the Grant of Probate or Administration which shall have been made consequent thereupon, and that-the Proceedings shall be continued in the Name of the new Executor or Administrator, in like Manner as if the Proceeding had been originally commenced by or against such new Executor or Administrator, but subject to such Conditions and Variations, if any, as such Court may direct.

LXXVII. Where any Probate or Administration is revoked under Payments this Act, all Payments bona fide made to any Executor or Admini- p^o_ strator under such Probate or Administration, before the Revocation bates or Ad-thereof, shall be a legal Discharge to the Person making the same; and the Executor or Administrator who shall have acted under any such revoked Probate or Administration may retain and reimburse himself in respect of any Payments made by him which the Person to whom Probate or Administration shall be afterwards granted might have lawfully made.

LXXVIII. All Persons and Corporations making or permitting to Persons, &c. be made any Payment or Transfer bond, upon any Probate or ^en^upon^* Letters of Administration granted in respect of the Estate of any Probates deceased Person under the Authority of this Act, shall be indemnified and protected in so doing, notwithstanding any Defect or Circum- deceased stance whatsoever affecting the Validity of such Probate or Letters of ^Yemnified* Administration.

LXXIX. Where any Person, after the Commencement of this Act, Rights of an renounces Probate of the Will of which he is appointed Executor or Execut0.r One of the Executors, the Rights of such Person in respect of the Probate1^ Executorship shall wholly cease, and the Representation to the Testator and the Administration of his Effects shall and may, without named in the any further Renunciation, go, devolve, and be committed in like Will. Manner as if such Person had not been appointed Executor.

LXXX. So much of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of Sureties to King Henry the Eighth, Chapter Five, and of an Act passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second,

Chapter Ten, and of an Act passed in the First Year of King James the Second, Chapter Seventeen, as requires any Surety, Bond, or other Security to be taken from a Person to whom Administration shall be committed, shall be repealed.

LXXXI. Every

Persons to whom Grant of Administrations shall be committed shall give Bond,

Penalty on Bond.

Power of Court to assign Bond.

Pending Suits transferred to Court of Probate.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

LXXXI. Every Person to whom any Grant of Administration shall be committed shall give Bond to the Judge of the Court of Probate to enure for the Benefit of the Judge for the Time being, and, if the Court of Probate or (in the Case of a Grant from the District Registry) the District Registrar shall require, with One or more Surety or Sureties, conditioned for duly collecting, getting in, and administering the Personal Estate of the Deceased, which Bond shall be in such Form as the Judge shall from Time to Time by any general or special Order direct: Provided that it shall not be necessary for the Solicitor for the Affairs of the Treasury or the Solicitor of the Duchy of Lancaster applying for or obtaining Administration to the Use or Benefit of Her Majesty to give any such Bond as aforesaid.

LXXXII. Such Bond shall be in a Penalty of double the Amount under which the Estate and Effects of the Deceased shall be sworn, unless the Court or District Registrar, as the Case may be, shall in any Case think fit to direct the same to be reduced, in which Case it shall be lawful for the Court or District Registrar so to do, and the Court or District Registrar may also direct that more Bonds than One shall be given, so as to limit the Liability of any Surety to such Amount as the Court or District Registrar shall think reasonable.

LXXXIII. The Court may, on Application made on Motion or Petition in a summary Way, and on being satisfied that the Condition of any such Bond has been broken, order One of the Registrars of the Court to assign the same to some Person, to be named in such Order, and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall thereupon be entitled to sue on the said Bond, in his own Name, both at Law and in Equity, as if the same had been originally given to him instead of to the Judge of the Court, and shall be entitled to recover thereon as Trustee for all Persons interested the full Amount recoverable in respect of any Breach of the Condition of the said Bond.

LXXXIV. All Suits, whether original or by way of Appeal, which at the Commencement of this Act shall be pending in any Court in England respecting any Grant of Probate or Administration, shall be transferred, with all the Proceedings therein, to the Court of Probate, there to be dealt with and decided according to the Rules and Practice of the said Court, except so far as such Court may think it expedient to adopt, for the Purposes of such transferred Suits or any of them, the Rules or Practice of the Court in which the same shall have

2T& 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

have been pending, to which End the Court of Probate shall, for the Purposes of such Suits, have all the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority possessed by the Court from which such Suit shall be transferred; but this Enactment shall not apply to Proceedings by way of Appeal Not to apply pending before Her Majesty in Council, which Proceedings shall be pe^ngbe-carried on and prosecuted in the same Manner in all respects as if fore Her this Act had not passed; and every Person who if this Act had not m

passed might have appealed to Her Majesty in Council against any Proceeding, Decree, or Sentence of any Court respecting the Grant of any Probate or Administration, may, notwithstanding this Act, appeal to Her Majesty in Council against such Proceeding, Decree, or Sentence: Provided also, that Her Majesty in Council may remit to the Court of Probate any Cause or Proceeding pending by way of Appeal as aforesaid, or to be brought before Her Majesty in Council upon Appeal as aforesaid, with such Directions as the Justice of the Case may require.

LXXXV. Provided, That if at the Commencement of this Act Power to any Cause which would be transferred to the Court of Probate under ^hose*Juris-the Enactment herein-before contained shall have been heard before diction is any Judge having Jurisdiction in relation to such Cause before the Commencement of this Act, and shall be standing for Judgment, such written Judge may, at any Time within Six Weeks after the Commencement *^u<lgments* of this Act, give in to One of the Registrars of the Court a written Judgment thereon, signed by him, and a Decree or Order, as the Case may require, shall be drawn up in pursuance of such Judgment; and every such Decree or Order shall have the same Force and Effect as if it had been drawn up in pursuance of a Judgment of the Court of Probate on the Day on which the same shall so be delivered to the Registrar, and shall be subject to Appeal under this Act.

LXXXVI. All Grants of Probates and Administrations made Void before the Commencement of this Act, which may be void or voidable an<j

by reason only that the Courts from which respectively the same were Administra-obtained had not Jurisdiction to make such Grants, shall be as valid tuma' as if the same had been obtained from Courts entitled to make such Grants: Provided, that any such Grants of Probate or Administration shall not be made valid by this Act when the same shall before the Commencement of this Act have been revoked or determined by any Court of competent Jurisdiction to have been void; nor shall this Act prejudice or affect any Proceedings pending at the Time of the passing of this Act in which the Validity of any such Probate or Administration shall be in question: If the Result of such Proceeding shall be to invalidate the same, such Probate or Administration shall not be rendered valid by this Act; and if such Proceedings abate or become defective by reason of the Death of any Party, any Person 8 Z w ho

Probates and Administrations granted before this Act comes into operation.

Probate or Administra* tion, may be granted of Personal Estate not affected by the former Grants.

Judges of

present Ecclesiastical Courts and others to transmit all Wills, &c. to the Registry.

Penalty for Default.

20° & 21.° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letter*of stratum._

who but for this Act would have any Right by reason of the invalidity of such Probate or Administration shall retain such Right, and may commence Proceedings for enforcing the same within Six Calendar Months after the Death of such Party.

LXXXVII. Legal Grants of Probate and Administration made before the Commencement of this Act, and Grants of Probate and Administration made legal by this Act, shall have the same Force and Effect as if they had been granted under this Act, but in every such Case there shall be due and payable to. Her Majesty such further Stamp Duty, if any, as would have been chargeable on any Probate or Administration which but for this Act would or ought to have been obtained in respect of the Personal Estate not covered by the Grant; and all Inventories and Accounts in respect thereof shall be returnable to the Court of Chancery, and all Bopds taken in respect thereof may be enforced by or under the Authority of the Court of Chancery, at the Discretion of the Court.

LXXXVIII. Provided that where any Probate or Administration has been granted before the Commencement of this Act, and the Deceased had Personal Estate in England not within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Court by which the Probate or Administration was granted, or otherwise not within the Operation of the Grant, it shall be lawful for the Court of Probate to grant Probate or Administration only in respect of such Personal Estate not covered by any former Probate or Administration, and such Grant may be limited accordingly.

LXXXIX. The Acting Judge and Registrar of every Court, and other Person now having Jurisdiction to grant Probate of Administration, and every Person having the Custody of the Documents and Papers of or belonging to such Court or Person, shall, upon receiving a Requisition for that Purpose, under the Seal of the Court of Probate, from a Registrar, and at the Time and in the Manner mentioned in such Requisition, transmit to the Court of Probate, or to such other Place as in such Requisition shall be specified, all Records, Wills, Grants, Probates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds, Notes of Administration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Writs, Documents, and every other Instrument relating exclusively or principally to Matters or Causes Testamentary, to be deposited and arranged in the Registry of each District or in the Principal Registry, as the Case may require, so as to be easy of Reference, under the Control and Direction of the Court.

XC. No Judge, Registrar, or other Person who shall wilfully refuse or neglect so to transmit such Records, Wills, Grants, Probates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds, Notes of Administration,

?0" & fir ^ICTORI^E, Cap. 77.

Probales and Letters of AdminurlraJim.

nistration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Writs, Documents, or any other Instrument relating to Matters or Causes Testamentary, shall be entitled to any Compensation under this Act, and every Judge, Registrar, or other Person so refusing or, neglecting shall be liable to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts, by the Registrars,

XCL One or more safe and convenient Depository or Depositories shall be provided, under the Control and Directions of the

Court of Probate, for. all such Wills of living Persons as shall be deposited therein for safe Custody; and all Persons may deposit their. Willa in such Depository upon Payment of such Fees and under such Regulations as the Judge shall from Time to Time by any Order direct.

XCII. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Stamp Duties now by Law payable upon Probates and Administrations; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in any Act of Parliament relating to the said Duties, and to Wills, Probates of Wills, and Letters of Administration, for securing the said Duties, not superseded by or inconsistent with the express Provisions of this Act, shall be in full Force, and shall be observed, applied, and put in execution for securing the Duties payable on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration granted under this Act, as if such Duties had been granted by this Act, and the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations relating thereto were herein repeated and specially enacted.

XCIII. The Registrars of the Court of Probate shall, within , Such Period as the Judge shall direct after Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or their proper Officer, the following Documents respectively; that is to say, in the Case of a Probate or Administration with a Will annexed a

Copy of the Will and the original Affidavit, and in the Case of Letters of Administration without a Will annexed such original Affidavit, and in every Case of Letters of Administration a Copy or Extract thereof and in every Case such Certificate or Note of the Grant as the said Commissioners may require.

XCIV. Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven, it . is enacted, that if. any Proctor of any Ecclesiastical Court .shall act as such, or permit his Name to be used in any Suit appertaining to the Office of a Proctor, or in obtaining Probates of Wills or Letters of Administration, for or on account or for the Profit or Benefit of

As to Depositories for safe Custody of the Wills of living Persons.

This Act not to affect the Stamp Duties on Probates and Administrations.

The Registrars to deliver Copies of Wills, &c. to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Sections 8 and 9 of 53 G. 3.C. 127. repealed in, part as to the Court of Probate.

736 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Prohates and Letter* of Administration.

any Person not entitled to act as a Proctor, or shall permit any such Person to participate in such Profit or Benefit, such Proctor shall be subject to certain Penalties therein mentioned; and it is also therein further enacted, that if any Person shall, in his own Name, or in that of any other Person, do or perform any Act whatever belonging to the Office of a Proctor in consideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a view to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Functions, or Practice of a Proctor, without being admitted and enrolled, every such Person shall be subject to certain other Penalties therein mentioned: Be it enacted, Nothing in the said Act contained shall prevent any Proctor of the Court of Probate from acting as Agent of any Attorney or Solicitor in relation to any Matter Testamentary, or from allowing him to participate in the Profits of and incident thereto.

Fees to be taken by Officers of Court and by Officers of County Courts.

XCV. The Lord Chancellor, with such Assistance as is hereinbefore provided as to Rules and Orders to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, fix a Table or Tables of Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Court of Probate, and the Proctors, Solicitors, and Attornies practising therein, including the District Registrars, and the Proctors, Solicitors, and Attornies practising in District Registries, and of Fees to be taken by the Officers of the County Courts, in respect of Business under this Act, and of Fees to be payable in respect of Searches, Inspection, and Printed and other Copies of and Extracts from Records, Wills, and other Documents in the Custody or under the Control of the Court of Probate, and the Judge of the Court of Probate, with such Concurrence as is herein-before provided in respect of the Amendment of Rules and Orders, is hereby empowered, from Time to Time after this Act shall come into operation, to add to, reduce, alter, or amend such Table or Tables of Fees, as he may see fit: Provided that such Tables of Fees and every Alteration of the same, except so far as respects the Fees which are to be taken by District Registrars, Proctors, and others, for their own Remuneration and to their own Use, shall be subject to the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and every such Table of Fees, and every Addition, Reduction, Alteration, or Amendment to, in, or of the same, shall be published in the London Gazette, and no other Fees than those specified and allowed in such Tables of Fees shall be demanded or taken by such Officers, and Proctors, Solicitors, and Attornies.

Taxation of XCVI. The Bill of any Proctor, Attorney, or Solicitor, for any Co8t8, Fees, Charges, or Disbursements in respect of any Business transacted in the Court of Probate, whether contentious or otherwise, or any Matters connected therewith, shall, as well between Proctor

or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

or Attorney or Solicitor and Client as between Party and Party, be subject to Taxation by any One of the Registrars of the said Court, and the Mode in which any such Bill shall be referred for Taxation, and by whom the Costs of Taxation shall be paid, shall be regulated by the Rules and Orders to be made under this Act. and the Certificate of the Registrar of the Amount at which such Bill is taxed shall be subject to Appeal to the Judge of the said Court.

XCVII. None of the Fees payable to the Officers of the Court of Fees not to Probate, or of any County Court, in respect of Business under this Moneyl but Act, except the Fees of the District Registrars (which are to be taken by Stamps, as their Remuneration, and for their own Use), the Fees of Proctors,

Solicitors, and Attornies, and such Fees as may be authorized to be taken for their own Use by Surrogates and Commissioners for administering Oaths, shall be received in Money, but every such Fee shall be collected and received by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which otherwise would be payable.

XCVIII. The Fees to be collected by means of Stamps under the Provisions ot Provisions of this Act shall be deemed " Stamp Duties," and shall ^Stamps^to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland be applicable Revenue, to be collected and paid into the Exchequer under the same *"r^3ting Laws and Regulations as those made in respect of the other Duties Fees, of " Stamps," and the Provisions in the several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care or Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamps to be provided under or by virtue of this Act, and to the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on or to which the same Stamps shall be impressed or affixed, and be applied and put in Execution for collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted thereby, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Provisions had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said last-mentioned Stamps and Sums of Money respectively; but a separate and distinct Account of all Money received in respect of the said last-mentioned Stamps for every Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Termination of such Year of Accounts, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

XCIX. No Document which under this Act, and any Table of Fees No Docu-for the Time being in force under this Act, ought to have a Stamp in respect of such Fee impressed thereon or affixed thereto, shall be used unless 9 A received tomPed-

738 20"* 21° VICTORIA; Cap. 77.

Probates and Letter of Administration.

received or filed or be used in relation to any Proceeding in the Court of Probate, or be of any Validity for any Purpose whatsoever, unless or until the same shall have the proper Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto: Provided that if any Time it shall appear that ady such Document has through Mistake or Inadvertence been received, or filed, or used without having such Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto, it shall be' lawful for the Judge of the -Court of Probate, if he think fit, to order that such Stamp shall be impressed thereon or affixed thereto, and thereupon, when a Stamp shall have been impressed on such Document or affixed thereto in compliance

with any such Order, such Docament and every Proceeding in reference, thereto shall be as valid and effectual as if such Stamp had .been impressed thereon or affixed thereto in the first instance. 1

Officers of C. If any Officer of the Court of Probate, or any other Person may be dis- employed under this Act, shall do or commit or connive at any

missed for fraudulent Act or Practice in relation to any Stamp to be hsed under

Fr&ud or -

wilful the Provisions of this Act, or to any Fee or Sum of Money to be

Neglect in collected, or which ought to be collected, by means of any such

Stomps.10 Stamp, or if any such Officer or Person shall be guilty of any wilful

Act, Neglect, or Omission whereby any Fee or Money which ought

to be collected by means of a Stamp under this Act shall be lost,

or the Payment thereof evaded, every such Officer or Person so

offending shall be dismissed from his Office or Employment if the Judge of the Court of Probate shall think fit so to order.1

Salary of Cl. The Salary of the Judge of the Court of Probate, and any

Coropen- retiring Annuity granted to a Judge of the Court of Probate under

sationstobe this Act, and all Compensations payable under this Act, shall be CkmSifdated c^arSe on an^ payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Fund. Kingdom.

Salaries and Cl I. It shall be lawfril for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's not^charged Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and appropriated on the Con- by Parliament for the Purpose, to cause to be paid all Salaries Fund hfbe Paya^e to the Registrars, Clerks, and other Officers under this Act, paid out of and all necessary Expenses of the Court of Probate and its Registries, be°provided an °ther Expenses which may be incurred in carrying the Provisions by Parlia- of this Act into effect (except such Salary, retiring Annuity, and ment. Compensations as ate herein-before charged on the said Consolidated Fund). '

Compensation to Registrars, &<5* of existing Courts.

CIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant to any Archdeacons, Judges, Deputy Judges, Registrars, Deputy Registrars, and other Persons holding Office in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary who may

sustain

w & Jl° VICT.GR 1^:, Cap. 77.

Probatesand Letters of Administration.

sustain, any, Loss of Emoluments by reason of the passing of this Act, and who ate not transferred or appointed by or under this Act to Offices of equal Value in the Court of Probate, such Compensation as, having regard to the Tenure of their respective Offices and Appointments, and to the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy--seven, Section Twenty-five, tod of: the Act of the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-eight, Section Nine, and the several subsequent Acts continuing the Provisions of the said Acts respectively, the said Commissioners deem just and proper to be awarded: Provided that where Persons whose Claims in respect of Offices, held for Life or otherwise, are excluded by the said Provisions, have executed in Person the Duties of such Offices, the said Provisions shall not be deemed to prevent the said Commissioners from granting to such Persons such Compensation as the said Commissioners would deem just and proper to be awarded on the Abolition, or Reduction of the Emoluments of like Offices, if held at the Pleasure of the Crown; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant to all managing and other Clerks who have been continuously employed in the Offices of Registrars of the rsaid Courts for Fifteen Years and upwards immediately before the passing of this Act, and may sustain any Loss of Emoluments as aforesaid, and are not transferred or appointed as aforesaid, such Compensation as the said Commissioners may deem just and proper: -Provided always, that if any Person to whom any yearly .Sum is awarded for Compensation as aforesaid is or shall be appointed to any Office :or Situation under this Act, or in the Public Service, the Payment of such Compensation shall be suspended so long as he continues to receive the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Situation, if the Amotmt thereof be equal to or greater than the Amount of Emoluments in respect of the Loss whereof Compensation is awarded; and if the Amount of such last-mentioned Emoluments be greater than the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Situation, no more of such Compensation shall be paid than will, with such Salary or Emoluments, be equal to the Emoluments in respect of the Loss whereof such Compensation is payable.

CIV. Any Person to whom Compensation is awarded under this Act Persons rein respect of the Loss of Emoluments of any Office, and who at the ceJving Compassing of this Act shall have been discharging or liable to discharge oonthiue"^ in respect of; such Office Duties other than those in Matters and disch.ar?etIie Causes Testamentary, shall, so long as he shall receive such Com- DutiesTf pensation, be bound to discharge such other Duties on the same Terms their Offices, ml which, whether gratuitously or otherwise, he discharged or was liable to discharge the same before the passing of this Act.

; cn; .

CV. Whereas

Compensation to Proctors.

Compensation to Proctors in Partnership.

For the Protection of the Interests of Viscount Canterbury.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

CV. Whereas the Fees or Emoluments of the Persons now practising as Proctors in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary may be damaged by the Abolition of the exclusive Rights and Privileges which they have hitherto enjoyed as such Proctors in such Courts: Be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Examination on Oath or otherwise, which Oath they are hereby authorized to administer, may inquire into and may, by the Production of such Evidence as they shall think fit to require, ascertain and absolutely determine the net annual Amount of the Profits arising from the Transaction of Business by Proctors in Matters and Causes Testamentary, on an Average of Five Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, or of such Proportion of Five Years as shall have elapsed since each and every such Proctor was admitted to practise in such Courts, and shall award to each and every such Proctor a Sum of Money or annual Payment during the Term of his natural Life of such Amount as shall be equal in Value to One Half of the net Profits derived by such Proctor in respect of Matters and Causes Testamentary upon the said Average of Five Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, or of such Proportion of the said Five Years as shall have elapsed since the Admission of each and every such Proctor to practise in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary.

CVI. And whereas divers Proctors practising in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary now are or may at the Commencement of this Act be associated together in Partnership: Be it therefore enacted, That in all such Cases the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall inquire into and ascertain the Terms or Conditions of such Partnerships, and shall absolutely determine and award Compensation in respect thereof as herein-before provided to each of such Partnerships, in like Manner as if all the Emoluments thereof had been derived by One Individual, and shall apportion such Compensation among the Members of each such Partnership, with or without Benefit of Survivorship, Regard being had to the existing Terms and Conditions of the same.

CVII. And whereas the Most Reverend Charles late Archbishop of Canterbury, by virtue of the Power given by an Act of the

Ninth Year of King George the Fourth," to authorize the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being to appoint a Person or Persons to the Office of Registrar of his Prerogative, without a previous " Surrender of the existing Grant or Grants of the said Office," did, by Letters Patent under his Archiepiscopal Seal, dated the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, with the Confirmation of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and

Metropolitical

741

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and, Letters of Administration.

Metropolitical Church of Christ, Canterbury, grant the said Office of Registrar of his Prerogative to the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton, now Viscount Canterbury, then Charles Manners Sutton, Esquire, the eldest Son and next Heir Male of the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton, late Viscount Canterbury, for his Life, subject and without Prejudice to the Estates and Interests, Rights and Privileges, of the Reverend George Moore and Robert Moore (who then held the said Office by virtue of such Grant as therein mentioned), and the Survivor of them: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for settling and securing Annuities on the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton and on his next Heir Male, in consideration of the eminent Services of the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton, it was enacted, that an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds should be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton late Viscount Canterbury during his Life, and that after the Decease of the said Charles late Viscount Canterbury One Annuity of Three thousand Pounds be payable out of the said Consolidated Fund to the then Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles late Viscount Canterbury, during the natural Life of such Heir Male; and it was further enacted, that, in the event of the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury having succeeded to and being in the Possession of the said Annuity of Three thousand Pounds, and afterwards becoming entitled to the full Possession of the said Office of Registrar of the Prerogative of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and to the Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments thereof (provided the same should exceed the annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds), then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Annuity of Three thousand Pounds should cease and determine and be no longer payable to the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury: Provided nevertheless, that if the said Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments of the said Office of Registrar should not produce the net annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds to the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury, then there should be issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund such a Sum of Money annually as, together with the said Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments, would make a clear annual Income to the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury of Three thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury, upon the Decease of the said Charles late Viscount Canterbury, succeeded to and is now in possession of the Annuity of Three thousand Pounds, but he is not yet in possession of the said Office of Registrar: There shall be awarded to the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury, as a Compen-9 B sation

2 & 3 W.4. c. 109.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

eation for the Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments of the said Office of Registrar of the Prerogative of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, an Annuity to be calculated upon the average yearly net Receipts of the legal Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments of the Said Office during such Period next preceding the Time when this Act shall come into operation as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think proper; and such Annuity shall commence from the Time of this Act coming into operation, if the said Charles Viscount Canterbury shall then be in possession of the said Office, and if not, then from the Time at which the said Charles Viscount Canterbury would have become entitled, but for the passing of this Act, to the full Possession of the said Office, and to the Receipt of the Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments thereof, and shall be paid to the said Charles Viscount Canterbury thenceforth during his Life; provided that if the said Annuity by way of Compensation shall exceed the annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds, then the said Annuity of Three thousand Pounds payable under the last-recited Act to the said Charles Viscount Canterbury shall, from and after the Commencement of the said Annuity by way of Compensation, cease and determine, and shall not be payable to the said Charles Viscount Canterbury } and in case the Annuity awarded by way of Compensation shall be less than the net annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds, the Provision contained in the said recited Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for the Payment unto the Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles Viscount Canterbury, out of the said Consolidated Fund, of such a Sum of Money annually as, together with the said Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments, would make up a clear Income to him of Three thousand Pounds, shall, from and after the Commencement of the said Annuity by way of Compensation, be applicable to and be in force for the Purpose of making up, together with the said Annuity so to be awarded in lieu of such Fees, Perquisites, Profits, and Emoluments as aforesaid, a clear annual Income of Three thousand Pounds to the said Charles now Viscount Canterbury during his Life.

The Registry CVIII. All the Claim, Title, and Interest which at the Time of

ttoCourt'of Pass'ng of this Act the Reverend Robert Moore, Clerk, has or Canterbury is entitled to in or in respect of the Building at present used as the Registrars of Registry of the Prerogative Court, shall at the Time appointed

the Court, for the Commencement of this Act vest in the Registrars for the Time being of the Court, subject to the Payment of such Rents, and the Performance and Fulfilment of such Contracts in respect thereof, as the said Robert Moore, his Executor* or Administrators, shall be subject to at the Time of such vesting.

CIX. In

749

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

CIX. In case Sir John Dodson, the present Judge of the Preroga- Compensative Court of Canterbury and Dean of the Court of Arches, be not johnDodson appointed the First Judge of the Court of Probate, there shall be paid in case be to him during his Natural Life, as well by way of Retiring Pension j^in^apr as of Salary as Dean of the Court of Arches, the net yearly Sum of Judge of the Two thousand Pounds, to commence from the Time appointed for the coming into operation of this Act, and to be paid out of the Fund and in manner herein provided for the Payment of Compensations.

CX. There shall be a Clerk or so many Clerks in each Establish-District Registry, and there shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks such Salary or respective Salaries, as the Judge of the Court, with the Registries. Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from Time to Time think fit to direct; and it shall be lawful for such Judge to prescribe from Time to Time the Qualifications which shall be possessed by Persons appointed to be Clerks in such District Registries, and generally to regulate the Establishment of such District Registries with reference to the Duties to be performed therein; and the Clerk or Clerks in each District Registry shall be appointed by the District Registrar, with the Approval of the Judge; and every such Clerk may be removed by such Judge, or by the District Registrar with the Approval of the Judge.

CXI. Each District Registrar shall, out of the Fees taken by Fees payable him in respect of the Business in his respective District Registry, pay the Salary or Salaries of the Clerk or Clerks in such Registry, ' and the Residue of such Fees shall be retained by such District Registrar . to his own Use; and every District Registrar shall keep an Account of all Fees so taken by him as aforesaid, and shall within One Month after the End of each Year render to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury a faithful Account in Writing of all such Fees received by him during such Year: Provided that it shall be lawful District for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any Time after paid

the Commencement of this Act, to order that the District Registrars by Salaries under this Act, or any of them, shall be paid by Salaries instead of ° *

Fees, and to fix the Salaries to be payable to them respectively; and thereupon all Fees payable to the District Registrars so ordered to be paid by Salaries shall be accounted for and paid into the Exchequer at such Times and under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Salaries of such District Registrars and of their Clerks shall be paid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose, and no such District Registrar shall be deemed to have any Claim to Compensation on account of any Diminution of his Emoluments by reason of any such Order.

CXII. It,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

Compensation to Clerical Surrogates! &c.

Persons receiving Compensation to be liable to be called upon to fill Offices, &c.

Publication of Accounts.

Judge if a Privy Councillor to be a Member of Judicial Committee.

CXII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant to every Clerical Surrogate or other Clerical Person who, at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have been appointed Surrogate in either of the Provinces of Canterbury or York, such Compensation for any Loss the said Surrogates or Persons may sustain by the passing of this Act as the said Commissioners deem just and proper to be awarded; the said Commissioners having regard in awarding such Compensation to the Circumstance of the said Clerical Surrogates not being able to follow any other professional Employment in lieu of the said Office of Surrogate.

CXIII. That every Person to whom any Compensation shall be granted under this Act shall at all Times when called upon be liable to fill any public Office or Situation in England under the Crown for which his previous Services in any Office abolished by this Act may render him eligible; and that if he shall decline when called upon so to do to take upon himself such Office or Situation, and execute the Duties thereof satisfactorily, being in a competent State of Health, he shall forfeit his Right to any Compensation or Allowances which may have been granted to him in respect of such previous Services.

CXIV. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be prepared in each Year ending December Thirty-one a Return of all Fees and Monies levied in such Year under the Authority of this Act; also a Return of the annual Salaries of the Judge of the said Court of Probate, and of the Registrars, Deputy Registrars, Clerks, and all others holding Offices either in London or in the Country Districts, with an Account of all the incidental Expenses relating to the Offices aforesaid, whether such Salaries and Expenses be defrayed out of Fees or out of any other Monies; also a Return of all Superannuations, Pensions, Annuities, Retiring Allowances and Compensations made payable under this Act in each Year, stating the gross Amount and the Amount in detail of such Charges: Provided always, that all such Returns aforesaid shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented within One Month of the First Meeting of Parliament after the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year: Provided also, that every District Registrar shall keep an Account of all Fees so taken by him as aforesaid, and shall within One Month after the End of each Year render to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury a faithful Account in Writing of all such Fees received by him during such Year.

CXV. The Judge of the Court if a Privy Councillor shall be a Member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77. 745

Probates and Letters of Administration.

CXVI. And whereas, with reference to the Abolition of the College of Jurisdiction hereby abolished and otherwise, it is expedient to give, Lawmaylet, confirm, or extend certain Powers to or of "The College of Doctors sell, &c. of Law exercent in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts," incor- atdPer^1 porated under that Style and Title by Letters Patent, dated the sonal Estate, Twenty-second Day of June, in the Eighth Year of His late Monies in Majesty King George the Third: Be it enacted, That it shall be purchase of lawful for the said College from Time to Time hereafter to let, sell,

or exchange for other Real or Personal Estate, or both, all or any Part of the Real and Personal Estate which shall for the Time being belong to the said College, either directly or through the Medium of any Trustee or Trustees, and to lay out the Monies to be received on any such Sale or Exchange, or otherwise, belonging to the said College as aforesaid, in the Purchase of other Real or Personal Estate, or both, but so that the said College shall not at any One Time hold or enjoy Real Estate of a yearly Value exceeding One thousand Pounds in the whole, and to pay, apply, and dispose of the Income of all the Real and Personal Estate which shall for the Time being belong to the said College as aforesaid to or for the Benefit of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, whether being or including, or not being or including, the said College, and all or any individual Members or Member thereof for the Time being, and generally for such Purposes and in such Manner as the said College shall think fit; and further, to alien and dispose of all or any Part of such Real and Personal Estate, and the Proceeds of any Sale thereof, either by way of Donation, voluntary Disposition, or otherwise, unto, between, or amongst any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether being or not being a Member or Members of the said College: Provided always, that no Donation or other voluntary Disposition of the Corpus, or any Part of the Corpus, of the Real and Personal Estate of the said College to any Person or Persons being a Member or Members thereof at the Time of such Donation or other voluntary Disposition shall be effectual without the previous Consent thereto of a Majority of the Members of the said College present at any Meeting of the College, and the Receipt of the Treasurer for the Time being of the said College shall be an effectual Discharge for all gross annual and other Sums which shall for the Time being belong or be payable to the said College.

CXVII. It shall be lawful for the said College, at any Time after a College may Resolution to that Effect shall have been come to at a Meeting of the theiv'char-College, by a Majority of the Members present at such Meeting, to ter, and surrender and yield up to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, at g^e^er such Time as in such Resolution shall be determined, the Charter of shall be Incorporation of the said College, and all Franchises and Privileges dlS8olved *

9 C thereby

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates cmd Letters of Administration.

thereby conferred, or which shall for the Time being belong, to the said College; and upon and by such Surrender the said Corporation shall be dissolved, and shall cease to exist, for all Purposes whatsoever, (except so far as its Existence may be requisite for the Saving of the Rights of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatsoever other than the said College,) and all Real and Personal Estate which at the Time of such Dissolution of the said College shall belong to the said College for its own Use and Benefit, either directly or through the Medium of any Trustee or Trustees, shall thenceforth belong, for all the Estate and Interest therein which at the Time of such Dissolution belonged to the said College absolutely, to all the Persons who at the Time of such Dissolution thereof shall be the President and Fellowes of the said College, in equal Shares as Tenants in Common, to and for their own Use and Benefit respectively, but subject to any Charges or Incumbrances affecting the same at the Time of such Dissolution, and all Real and Personal Estate of which the said College at the Time of such Dissolution thereof be seised or possessed, upon any Trust or Trusts, shall thereupon become vested in the Four Persons who at the Time of such Dissolution shall be the President and Three Senior Fellowes of the said College, as joint Tenants, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, according to the Nature of the Real and Personal Estates respectively, upon the Trust or Trusts affecting the same respectively.

Treasury to CXVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Hey provide the Majesty's Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and Registries, appropriated by Parliament for that Purpose, to cause to be purchased, erected, hired, or otherwise provided such Offices and Buildings as may be suitable for the District Registries and Depository or Depositories for Wills, and such Buildings, if any, as may be necessary for the Court and Principal Registry, in addition to the Building by this Act vested in the said Registrars, or after the Determination of their Interest in such Building.

C^IX. All Rules and Orders to be made under this Act concerning Procedure and Practice, and the Table of Fees to be fixed under this Act, and all Alterations thereof to be from Time to Time made, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the making thereof if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

Rules and Orders to be laid before Parliament.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

747

Probates and Letters of Administration.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Districts ^mu] Places of District Registries throughout England and Wales.

Places of Districts. Places of

District Registries. District Registries.

Newcastle-on- County of Warwick (j) Birmingham.

Tyne. j County of Stafford (A) Lichfield.

Durham. Counties of Radnor, Brecknock, Hereford.

Carlisle. (and Hereford.

; Counties of Cardigan, Carmar- Carmarthen.

Wakefield. then (/), and Pembroke (wi) i with the Deaneries of East

and Wes t Go wer in the County

York. 1 of Glamorgan. Counties of Glamorgan (with Llandaff.

Lancaster. the Exception of the Deaneries of East and West Gower) and Monmouth.

County of Worcester (n) Worcester.

Manchester. County of Gloucester (©), ex- Gloucester.

Liverpool. cept the present Bristol County Court District. Bristol.

Bristol and Bath present

Chester. Bangor. County Court Districts. Counties of Oxford (p), Berks, Oxford.

Bucks.

St. Asaph. Eastern Division of the County Wells.

of Somerset, except the

Derby. Nottingham. present Bath County Court District, and the Part in

Leicester. Somersetshire of the present Bristol County Court District.

Lincoln. Western Division of the County Taunton.

Shrewsbury. of Somerset.

County of Devon (q) Exeter.

Peterborough. County of Cornwall Bodmin.

County of Wilts Salisbury.

County of Dorset (r) Blandford.

Norwich. Ipswich. County of Hants (s) Eastern Division of the County Winchester. Lewes.

of Sussex. (t) Western Division of the County Chichester.

Bury St. Ed- of Sussex.

munds. East Division of the County of Canterbury.

Northampton. Kent.

Districts.

County of Northumberland (a)

County of Durham Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

West Riding of the County of York. 1 North Riding ditto -East Riding ditto (b) including f the City of York and Ainsty J County of Lancaster, except the Hundred of Salford and West Derby and the City of Manchester.

City of Manchester and Hundred of Salford.

Hundred of West Derby in Lancashire.

County of Chester (c) -Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesea.

Counties of Flint, Denbigh, and Merioneth.

County of Derby -

County of Nottingham (d) Counties of Leicester and Rutland.

County of Lincoln (e)

Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Northern Division of Northampton, and Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge. (/) County of Norfolk (g)

Eastern Division of the County of Suffolk a&d North Division of the County of Essex. Western Division of the County of Suffolk.

County of Bedford and Southern Division of Northamptonshire. (h)

The Divisions of Counties referred to in the Schedule are the Divisions of the same Counties described for Election Purposes in the Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth Chapter Sixty-four, and the Cities and Towns herein referred to are to be taken to include the Counties of such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves.

(a) Including the Towns and Counties of Newcastle-on-Tyne and Berwick-upon-Tweed.

(6) Including the Town and County of Kingston-on-Hull.

(c) Including the City of Chester.

(d) Including the Town of Nottingham.

(e) Including the City of Lincoln.

(/) Including the University of Cambridge.

(0) Including the City of Norwich.

(Ji) Including the Town of Northampton.

(1) Including the City of Coventry.

(A) Including the City of Lichfield.

(/) Including the Town of Carmarthen.

(m) Including the Town of Haverfordwest in) Including the City of Worcester.

Ip) Including the City of Gloucester.

Ip) Including the University of Oxford.

(q) Including the City of Exeter.

(r) Including the Town of Poole.

(s) Including the Town of Southampton and Isle of Wight. (0 Including such of the Cinque Ports and their Dependencies as are locally situate in the County of Sussex.

(u) Including the City of Canterbury and such of the Cinque Ports and their Dependencies as are locally situate in the County of Kent.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 77.

Probates and Letters of Administration.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Annual

Salary.

The Three Registrars in London, each - - 1, 500

The Record Keepers, each ... 600

The Sealer ..... 300

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

* 4M *

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to amend the Act Seven and Eight,

Chapter One hundred and eleven, for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements, and also the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849."

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Act Seven and Eight Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eleven, intituled An Act for facilitating the winding up the 7 & 8 Vict. Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary c'ni* Engagements, and also to amend the ''Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849," and also to make Provision for the more equal Distribution amongst Creditors as well of the Assets to arise from the separate Estates or Contributions of Shareholders in any Company as of the joint Assets thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in 9 D this

Judge or Master by Advertisement may call Meetings of Creditors to appoint Representative of Creditors.

After such Advertisement, Creditors to be deemed Par* ties to the Winding-up.

Assignees of Bankrupt Companies to be such Representatives.

20° & 21" VICTORIAE, Cap. 78.

Joint Stock Companies.

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In all Cases in which an Order heretofore has been or hereafter shall be made for the Dissolution and Winding up or for the winding up of any Company, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Master charged with the winding up of any Company, at the Instance of any Creditor of such Company or otherwise, in all Cases in which it shall appear expedient, and for the Benefit of the Parties interested, in and by the Advertisement for Proof of Debts required by the Seventy-second Section of the " Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848," or by subsequent Advertisements, or by Notice transmitted to each of the Creditors by Post, as directed by the said Two before-mentioned Acts, from Time to Time to call upon the Creditors of the Company to meet before such Judge or Master at such Time and Place as shall be fixed by him, for the Purpose of appointing One or more Person or Persons other than the Official Manager to represent all the Creditors of the said Company in and about the said Proceedings before him, or in and about so many and such of the same Proceedings as to such Judge or Master shall from Time to Time seem expedient; and it shall be lawful for Two Thirds in Value of the Creditors present at such Meetings, whose Debts shall have been proved before the said Judge or Master, or who shall previously to such Meeting have lodged an Affidavit of their Debt before him, and who would be entitled to vote in the Choice of Assignees under a Bankruptcy, by themselves or by some Person authorized by any Letter or Writing under the Hand of such Creditor, and which Letter or Writing shall require no Stamp Duty to be paid thereon, to choose some Person or Persons to represent all the Creditors of any such Company accordingly; and the Proceedings of such Meeting shall be conducted before and by the said Judge or Master in the same Manner as would be the Case if the said Creditors were proceeding to the Election of Assignees in Bankruptcy; provided, that the said Judge or Master may reject any Person or Persons so chosen who shall appear to him unfit to be such Representative or Representatives, or may remove any such Representative or Representatives, and upon such Rejection or Removal a new Choice of a Representative or Representatives shall be made in like Manner; and from and after the issuing of any such Advertisement as aforesaid all the Creditors of the said Company shall be deemed Parties to the Winding-up: Provided always, that in case such Company heretofore has been or hereafter shall be adjudged bankrupt, the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt Company shall be deemed and taken to be and they are hereby constituted (without such Advertisement or Meeting as herein-before mentioned) the Representatives of the Creditors for the

Purposes

30° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 78. 751

Joint Slock Companies.

Purposes of this Act, and shall have and exercise the same Rights and Powers as are hereby given to or vested in such Representative or Representatives; and provided also, that if any such Representative or Representatives of the Creditors shall have been chosen or appointed in the Matter of the winding up of any Company before the Appointment of Assignees under the Adjudication of Bankruptcy against the same Company, then upon such Appointment of Assignees the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of such Representative or Representatives shall cease and determine, and the same Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall thereupon become vested in and may lawfully be had and exercised by such Assignees as aforesaid; and such Representative or Representatives shall be entitled to his or their reasonable Costs in the Matter of the winding up of such Company.

II. Whenever any such Company heretofore has been or hereafter Where Com. shall be declared bankrupt, and no Winding-up Order shall have paiY ba"k '

or rupt, and no

been made before such Company shall have become bankrupt, Winding-up

the Assignees may, with the Leave of the Court of Bankruptcy 9rder> As '

° r */ gignees may

first obtained, after Notice to such Creditors, and subject to such compromise Condition (if any) as to obtaining the Consent of Creditors, or any Proportion of them, as the said Court shall think fit to direct, to bind all and whether the whole of the Assets of such Company shall have the Creditors. been collected or converted or not, and having regard to the Sufficiency of the Assets of the Company for Payment of the Debts or Liabilities of such Company, and also to the Solvency and Means of the several Shareholders or Members of such Company, or any One or more of them, or tef such other Matters as the said Court may deem material, accept and take from all or any or either of the Shareholders or Members of such Company such reasonable Sum or Sums in discharge and satisfaction of the Liability of all and every the Shareholders and Members, or any or either of them, to the Debts and Liabilities of such Company, in such Manner and at such Times as the Assignees for the Time being of the Estate of such Company shall think fit, or make any other Compromise, Composition, or other Arrangement in the Matter; and all such Sum or Sums as shall be payable thereunder shall be paid to and received by the Official Assignee, and shall be applied as Part of the Estate and Effects of such Company; and the said Court shall, at the Request of the Assignees for the Time being of such Company, give to the several Shareholders and Members, or such of them as shall be so discharged, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Commissioner, setting forth the Circumstances of such Discharge, so far as he may deem the same material, and such Certificate shall thenceforth operate to all Intents and Purposes as an absolute Release to the Shareholders and Members to whom the same shall ... relate,

752 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 78.

Joint Stock Companies.

relate, and may be by them pleaded and used in bar and in discharge of any Action Execution, or other Proceeding by any Creditor whose Debt or Claim is by Law provable under such Bankruptcy; and every such Shareholder and Member shall be entitled, as between himself and the other Shareholders or Members of the Company, to Credit in respect of such Sum or Sums as shall by such Certificate be declared to have been paid by him.

Representatives of Creditors may concur in Proceedings, and in Compromises.

All Creditors to be bound thereby.

III. It shall be lawful for such Representatives or Representative as herein-before mentioned to join and concur or take part in all the Proceedings in and about the winding up of the said Company, or such of the same Proceedings as the Judge or Master shall deem expedient for the Interest of the Creditors, and also, subject as hereinafter is mentioned, and so far as the Creditors of the said Company are concerned, td make or enter into, take part in, consent to, or approve of any Compromise, Composition, or Arbitration or other Arrangement, whether for the Discharge and Satisfaction of the Liability of all and every the Shareholders and Members, or any or either of them, to the Debts and Liabilities of such Company or otherwise, as such Representatives or Representative for the Time being shall think fit, and the Certificate of the Judge or Master shall be deemed and taken as full and sufficient Evidence and Proof of every such Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other Arrangement, and of any Discharge or Release which may have been thereby effected; and it shall also be lawful for such Representatives or Representative as herein-before mentioned (subject as aforesaid) to take part in, consent to, or approve of any Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other Arrangement which the Official Manager may propose to make or enter into with the Debtors or Creditors of the said Company or otherwise in respect of its Estate or Affairs; and all the Creditors of the said Company, whether their Debts shall have been then proved or not, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be fully and effectually bound by the Acts of such Representatives or Representative as to all such Matters as are authorized by this Act.

Compromise, IV. No such Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other &c, \40J3? Arrangement as in the last Section mentioned shall be valid as

subject to . °

Consent of against the Creditors of the Company, unless the same be made with Creditors, if the Consent of such Representatives, and with Leave of the Judge

reouirBd. by a u

Judge or or Master, who shall give Leave to the Official Manager to be heard Master. thereon; and every such Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other Arrangement shall be subject to such Conditions (if any) as to Payment of the Costs of any Actions, Suits, or other Proceedings, and as to obtaining the Consent of Creditors or any Proportion of them, as the said Judge or Master shall think fit to direct.

V. No

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 78.

Joint Stock.

V. No Creditor or Claimant shall be prejudiced or affected by any Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other Arrangement hereinbefore authorized, or by carrying the same into effect, as to his Right or Remedy against any Person other than the Members and Contributories thereof, to whom the same shall relate, nor otherwise than may be provided thereby; and in the event of any such Compromise, Composition, or other Arrangement as mentioned in the Second and Third Sections of this Act being made with the Contributories or alleged Contributories of the said Company, or any or either of them, whereby or in consequence whereof all or any of such Contributories may be or become discharged from further Liability to the Creditors of the said Company, then and thereupon the Creditors of the said Company, as regards their Rights and Remedies against the Persons, Property, and Effects of any Persons who were Shareholders of the said Company at the Times when the respective Debts or Causes of Action of such Creditors arose, shall be in the same Position, and have the same Remedies against such former Shareholders as last aforesaid, their Persons, Property, and Effects, as if such Creditors had obtained Execution on a Judgment Order or Decree for the Amount of their respective Debts against the Persons, Property, and Effects of the Contributories of the said Company who shall be or become so discharged as aforesaid, and had been unable thereby or otherwise to obtain Satisfaction of such Judgment Decree or Order, or Debts, from such Execution or from such Contributories beyond the Amount received by such Creditors respectively on account of his or their Debts out of the Monies so paid or satisfied by the said Contributories or any of them under such Composition, Compromise, or Agreement as aforesaid.

VI. All Orders, Directions, Reports, and other Proceedings of or before the Judge or Master under this Act shall be subject to the Appeals given by the Two aforesaid " Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849;" and all Orders, Directions, Reports, and other Proceedings of or before the Court of Bankruptcy under this Act shall be subject to the Appeals given by the Bankrupt Law Consolidation Act, 1849-

VII. When any such Compapy heretofore has been or hereafter shall be adjudicated bankrupt, then, if or so soon as Creditors Assignees shall have been appointed, or, when any such Company shall not have been or be adjudicated bankrupt, then after the Judge or Master shall by Advertisement have called on the Creditors to appoint a Representative or Representatives as herein-before mentioned, no such Action as is mentioned in the Seventy-third Section of the said " Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848," shall be commenced or proceeded

9 E with,

Creditors Rights againstThird Persons not to be prejudiced.

Proceedings under this Act subject to Appeal.

After Advertisements for Representative, Creditors not to sue at Law without Leave of Judge or Master, and Timeisnotto run against them.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Caf>.78.

Joint Stock Companies.

with, otherwise than for the Purpose of making the Company bank* rapt, nor shall any Execution or Scire facias be issued or proceeded with against the Person, Property, or Effects of any Member or Members for the Time, being of such Company, or any former Member or Members thereof, except - by Leave of the Court of Bankruptcy where such Company has been made bankrupt before an Order shall have been made for winding up the Company, or of the said Judge or Master where such Company has not been made bankrupt before such Order shall have been made; and no Time which shall elapse after the Appointment of Creditors Assignees as aforesaid, or after the said Creditors shall be so called on, shall be reckoned as Part of the Time which by virtue of any Statute of Limitations or otherwise is or shall be limited for commencing or prosecuting any Action, Suit, Step, or Proceeding against the Company, or the Persons being Members or Contributories thereof, or any former Members or Contributories thereof, with reference to or in respect of any Debt or Demand which might be discharged or affected by any such Compromise, Composition, Arbitration, or other Arrangement as is herein-before mentioned.

VIII. On the Hearing of the Application of any Creditor of any such Company for Leave to commence or proceed with any such Action (otherwise than as aforesaid), or to issue or proceed with a Writ of Scire facias or Execution as aforesaid, it shall be a sufficient Ground for refusing such Leave if the Person against whom or against whose Property or Effects such Action, Scire facias, or Execution shall be sought to be commenced, issued, or proceeded with shall give or shall have given to the Official Assignee, in case such Company shall have been declared bankrupt before an Order shall have been made for winding up the Company, or to the Official Manager in case such Company shall not have been declared bankrupt before such Order shall have been made, Security to the Satisfaction of the Court of Bankruptcy or of the Master or Judge, as the Case may be, for Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and upon such Terms, and to be applied in such Manner, as the said Court or the said Master or Judge shall require, having regard to the Debts and Liabilities of such Company and to the Circumstances of the Case, and upon Payment of such Costs as the said Court of Bankruptcy or the said Master or Judge may think fit: Provided always, that, such Security to the Official Manager shall be subject to the Consent of the Representative (if any) for the Time being of the Creditors of such Company, or if there shall be no such Representative at the Time of giving such Security, then the same shall be subject to the Consent of the Representative of such Creditors when appointed.

IX. The

Court may

require

Security.

2ft*.4c 21." VICTORIAE; Cap. 78.

Joint Stock Companies

IX. The Provisions contained in the Thirty eighth, Fortieth, and Creditors to Forty-eighth Sections of the "Joint Stock Companies Windmgvup toattendf*^ Act, 1848/' shall extend to and comprise Creditors or Persons who Proceedings have claimed to be Creditors of the said Company as well as Contri- BmIcs hutories and alleged Contributories; and after the Judge or Master Company, shall have called on the Creditors to appoint a Representative or Representatives, as herein-before mentioned, such Creditors and Persons who have claimed to be Creditors shall be entitled to attend the Proceedings, and to submit such Proposals, and to insect such Books, as in the said Sections of the said Act are mentioned.

X. It shall be lawful for the Judge or Master of the High Court Judge or of Chancery in England acting in the winding up of any Company

to appoint any Person in Ireland, and it shall be lawful for the missioners Master of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland acting as aforesaid Evidence*"8 to appoint any Person in England, other than or in addition to the Commissioners, Judges, and other Persons named in the Twentieth Section of "The Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1849," to be Commissioners for the Purposes and with the same Powers and Authorities as in the said Twentieth Section of the last-mentioned Winding-up Act are named or referred to in that Behalf.

XI. Nothing in this Act contained shall apply to or affect Rights of the Rights and Remedies of any Creditor (unless with his own ^j^Judg-Consent) under or in respect of any Judgment obtained against ment ob-any Shareholder in Ireland, which Judgment has been prior to the j^nd not passing of this Act duly registered in manner required by the Act to be&ffected. passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

iAn Act to amend the Laws relating to Judgments in Ireland, or who shall have actually levied Execution or taken Proceedings to obtain an Attachment; but no such Creditor claiming to retain the Benefit of such registered Judgment, Execution, or Attachment, and not to be affected by any Compromise under this Act, shall be entitled to receive any further Dividend, or to have recourse to any other Remedy or Proceeding, other than such Right and Remedies as he may have in respect of such Judgment, Execution, or Attachment against the Lands which are affected by the same, until all the other Creditors shall have been paid in full.

XII. And whereas the Dissolution and Winding-up of unincorpo- Petitions for rated Companies for working Mines within and subject to the ^|"g'up Jurisdiction of the Stannaries can now in most Cases be conveniently, Mining Com-cheaply, and expeditiously effected in the Court of the Vice-Warden

of the Stannaries: Be it enacted, That no Petition shall hereafter be Court of

filed

except upon special Application to the Court of Stannaries, &c.

In Cases where such Petitions are filed. Proof of Debts, Sales of Effects, &c., to be effected though the Court of Stannaries.

Act to be deemed Part of Winding-up Acts.

Interpretation of Terms.

Short Title of Act.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE. Cap. 78.

Joint Stock Companies.

filed in the Court of Chancery under the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848, 1849, by any Adventurer or Shareholder in such a Company, except upon special Application to that Court, alleging and showing to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Company cannot be effectually dissolved or wound up in the Court of the Vice-Warden, or unless the Vice-Warden shall certify to the Court of Chancery that the Jurisdiction and Powers of his Court are, under the Circumstances, insufficient effectually to dissolve or wind up the same.

XIII. In all Cases where such a Petition shall, upon such Application or Certificate, be filed in the Court of Chancery, the Proof of Debts and Creditors Claims, the Sale of Machinery and other Effects of the Company within the Stannaries, and the Distribution of the Proceeds of such Sales, shall be effected (under the general Direction of the Court of Chancery), but by and through the immediate Agency of the Vice-Warden or Registrar of his Court, unless it shall appear to the Court of Chancery to be more conducive to the Interests or Convenience of Adventurers and Creditors, or to the saving of Time or Expense, that such Proceedings or any of them shall take place in the ordinary Course and Practice of the Court of Chancery under the Winding-up Acts above referred to.

XIV. This Act shall be taken and construed as a Part of the said " Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849."

XV. The Words Shareholder, Member, Contributory, and alleged Contributory shall be. severally taken to include all Contributories or alleged Contributories within the Meaning of the said "Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849," and also all Persons who may apprehend or desire to be discharged from Responsibility in respect of the Debts, Liabilities, or Obligations of the Company.

XVI. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and in legal Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Amendment Act, 1857."

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration, and that all Jurisdiction in relation to the Grant and Revocation of Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration in Ireland should be exercised, in the Name of Her Majesty, by One Court: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act (except where otherwise specially provided) shall Commence-come into operation on such Day, not sooner than the First Day ment of Act» of January Ohe thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, as the Lord Lieutenant shall by Order in Council appoint, provided that such Order shall be made One Month at least previously to the Day so to be appointed.

II. In the Construction of this Act, unless the Context be inconsistent with the Meaning hereby assigned 

"Will" shall comprehend " Testament" and all other Testamentary Instruments of which Probate may now be granted:

Interpretation of Terms.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

" Administration " shall comprehend all Letters of Administration of the Effects of deceased Persons, whether with or without the Will annexed, and whether granted for general, special, or limited Purposes:

" Matters and Causes Testamentary " shall comprehend all Matters and Causes relating to the Grant and Revocation of Probate of Wills or of Administration:

"Common Form Business" shall mean the Business of obtaining Probate and Administration where there is no Contention as to the Right thereto, including the passing of Probates and Administrations through the Court of Probate in .contentious Cases when the Contest is terminated, and all Business of a non-con-tentious Nature to be taken in the Court in Matters of Testacy and Intestacy, not being Proceedings in any Suit, and also the Business of lodging Caveats against the Grant of Probate or Administration:

"The Court" shall mean Her Majesty's Court of Probate hereby established, and shall also include the Judge of the said Court:

" The Judge" shall mean the Judge of the said Court:

"The Court of Chancery" shall mean the High Court of Chancery in Ireland:

"Accountant General" shall mean the Accountant General in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland:

"The Prerogative Court" shall mean Her Majesty's Court of Prerogative in Ireland:

" Lord Chancellor " shall comprehend the Lord Chancellor and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being:

" Lord Lieutenant " shall include the Lords Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland:

"Person" shall mean a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as well as an Individual:

"Superior Courts" shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Dublin:

"The Testamentary Office" shall mean the Public Registry attached or belonging to Her Majesty's Court of Probate under this Act, and the Offices connected therewith:

"The District Office" shall mean the Public Registry attaching or belonging to Her Majesty's Court of Probate in each District hereby established:

"The Registrar" shall mean the Principal Registrar and other Registrars of the Testamentary Office:

"District Registrar" shall mean the Registrar of each District Office hereby established.

III. This

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

III. This Act may be cited as Administration Act (Ireland), 1857."

The Probates and Letters of Short Title

of Act.

Act not to

IV. This Act shall not extend to England or, except extend to

where expressly mentioned.

except, &c.

V. The voluntary and contentious Jurisdiction and Authority of Testamen-all Ecclesiastical, Royal Peculiar, Peculiar, Manorial, and other Courts d^tion*" and Persons in Ireland, now having Jurisdiction or Authority to Ecdesias-'grant or revoke Probate of Wills or Letters of Administration of the ottaKJourta Effects of deceased Persons, shall in respect of such Matters abso- abolished, lutely cease; and no Jurisdiction or Authority in relation to any Matters or Causes Testamentary, or to any Matter arising out of or connected with the Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration, shall belong to or be exercised by any such Court or Person.

VI. The voluntary and contentious Jurisdiction and Authority in Testamen-relation to the granting or revoking Probate of Wills and Letters of Administration of the Effects of deceased Persons now vested in or exercised by which can be exercised by any Court or Person in, together

with full Authority to hear and determine all Questions relating to Matters and Causes Testamentary, shall belong to and be vested in Her Majesty, and shall, except as herein-after is mentioned, be exercised in the Name of Her Majesty in a Court to be called "The Court of Probate," and to hold its ordinary Sittings and to have its Principal Registry at such Place or Places in Dublin as the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall from Time to Time appoint.

VII. There shall be One Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Power to

Probate: and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Her Majesty _ _ o to appoint

Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to Judge of the

appoint a Person, being or having been a Barrister-at-Law of Fifteen p°"^f. the

Years Standing, to be such Judge: Provided, that the Person who, First Judge

at the Time of the passing of this Act, may be the Judge of the to be the

Prerogative Court, shall be the First Judge of Her Majesty's Court judge of the

of Probate; and provided, that no Person holding the said Office of Prerogative

Judge shall be capable of being elected or being a Member of the

present or any future House of Commons.

VIII. The Judge shall hold his Office during good Behaviour, Judge's provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to remove any such Judge from his Office upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament.

IX. Every

Judge, before acting, to take the following Oath.

Hank and Precedence of Judge, who shall appoint a Secretary, and Usher.

The Judge to be a Commissioner of Charitable Donations and Bequests.

Salaries of Judge, Secretary, and Usher.

Repeal of 7 & 8 G. 4. c. 44. as to certain .Salaries.

Judge of Court of Probate to be also Judge of the Admiralty Court on the next Vacancy.

Retiring Pensions of Judges.

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 79.

Prohates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

IX. Every Judge of the Court shall, before executing any of the Duties of his Office, take the following Oath, which the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls in Ireland for the Time being is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer:

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, That I will

duly and faithfully, and to the best of my Skill and Power,

execute the Office of Judge of the Court of Probate.

So help me GOD.

X. The Judge shall have Rank and Precedence with the Puisne Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts according to the Date of his Appointment; and he shall have a Secretary and Usher, to be from Time to Time appointed and removed by him at his Pleasure.

XI. The Judge shall be One of "The Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland under Statute Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-seven, in lieu of "The Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Prerogative for Causes Ecclesiastical and Court of Faculties in and throughout Ireland."

XII. There shall be paid to the Judge the net yearly Salary of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, and to his Secretary the net yearly Salary of Three hundred Pounds, and to his Usher the net yearly Salary of Seventy-five Pounds.

XIII. From and after the Period at which this Act shall come into operation, so much of the Statute passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-four, as relates to the Payment of a Salary of Three thousand Pounds to the Judge of the Prerogative Court and Court of Faculties in Ireland shall be and is hereby repealed.

XIV. Upon the next Vacancy in the Office of Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Ireland, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if She so think fit, to appoint the Person then being Judge of the Court of Probate to be also Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, and after the Union of the said Two Offices they shall be thenceforth held by the same Person.

XV. Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, may grant unto any Person executing the Office of Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Probate an Annuity, not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

and Eightpence, to commence immediately after the Day when the Person to whom such Annuity shall be granted shall resign the said Office or Offices, and to continue during his natural Life; provided that Her Majesty may, in and by such Letters Patent, limit the Duration of Payment of such Annuity, or any Part thereof, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not exercise any Office of Profit under Her Majesty, so that such Annuity, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the whole the said Sum of Two thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eightpence: Provided also, that no Annuity granted to any Person having executed the Office of Judge under this Act, except the present Judge of the Prerogative Court, shall be valid unless such Person shall have held such Office for the Period of Fifteen Years, or have held such Office and any of the Offices of Judge in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity for Periods amounting together to Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

XVI. There shall be established for each of the Districts specified District Be-in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and at the Places respectively mentioned in such Schedule, a Public Registry attached to and under the as in Sche-Control of the Court of Probate, herein-after referred to as " The dule District Registry."

XVII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council from Lord Lieu-Time to Time to alter the said Districts or any One or more of them,

and add to or reduce the Number thereof, and to direct that the Districts. trict Registry shall be held at such Place within the District as to the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall appear most convenient and suitable.

XVIII. There shall be Two Registrars, One Record Keeper, and Appoint-One Clerk of the Seal for the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate, and there shall be One District Registrar for each District Registry, the Court of herein-after referred to as the District Registrar, and there shall be so Probate, many Clerks and other Officers for the Court and the Principal Registry as the Judge of the Court, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from Time to Time think fit: Provided, that if at any Time it appear to the Lord Lieutenant in Council that the Duties of the Registrars of the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate can be performed by One Registrar, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council to direct that the Number of Registrars for such Principal Registry be reduced accordingly.

As to Appointment of the First Officers of the Principal Registry.

Clerks and Officers of Prerogative Court to be transferred to like Offices in Court of Probate.

Existing Diocesan Registrars to be entitled to be appointed District Registrars at the same Places.

Clerk of Peace to be appointed District Registrar in certain Cases.

As to Appointment to Offices.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

XIX. Maurice Keatinge, One of the present Deputy Registrars of the Prerogative Court, and William Wiley Esquire, LL.D., One of the Advocates in the said Prerogative Court, shall be the First Registrars of the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate; the present Clerk of the Records of the said Prerogative Court shall be the First Record Keeper at the said Principal Registry; and the present Senior Clerk and Clerk of the Seal of the said Prerogative Court shall, if willing to accept the Office, be the First Clerk of the Seal at the said Principal Registry.

XX. Such of the other Clerks and Officers now employed in the said Prerogative Court (whose Services shall be necessary) shall be transferred to such Situations in the Court of Probate and the Principal Registry thereof as the Judge may in that Behalf direct, so that their Duties may be such as, in the Opinion of the said Judge, may be as nearly as possible similar to those which they have heretofore discharged in the said Prerogative Court: Provided always, that no Such Clerk or other Officer shall be so transferred whom the Judge shall consider to be from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause incompetent to the Discharge of his Duties.

XXI. The Registrar or Deputy Registrar (as the Case may be) now executing in Person the Duties of Registrar of a Diocesan or other Court within the District which a District^Registry is to be established under this Act, or where there is more than One such Registrar or Deputy Registrar so acting such One of them as the Judge shall select, shall be appointed the First District Registrar for such District, save where the Judge shall consider such Registrar or Deputy Registrar, or all such Registrars or Deputy Registrars if more than One, to be from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause incompetent to the Discharge of the Duties of District Registrar.

XXII. In case there shall be no Person competent to fill the Office of District Registrar for any District within the Meaning of the last preceding Section, and also on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Person appointed to fill such Office, the Judge shall appoint the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City in which the District Registry is situate, or if he shall be from any Cause incompetent or shall be removed then some other Clerk of the Peace within the District, to be the District Registrar, and the Office of such Clerk of the Peace shall be the District Registry.

XXIII. The Registrars and other Officers of the Court of Probate, except as herein-before provided, shall be appointed by the Judge, but subject to the Approval of the Lord Chancellor: There shall be

paid

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

paid to the several Officers mentioned in Schedule B. to this Act the Salaries of several Salaries set opposite to their respective Titles in the same Officer8' Schedule, and the said District Registrars shall, as the Remuneration for the Performance of their Duties under this Act, including the Services of any Clerks they may employ, be entitled to take in respect of the Business in their respective District Registries such Fees as shall be fixed as herein-after provided; and, except as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the several Clerks and other Officers appointed under this Act such Salaries or other Remuneration as the Judge, with the Approval of the Lord Chancellor and the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time in each Case direct.

XXIV. The Registrars and District Registrars shall hold their Tenure of Offices during good Behaviour, subject to be removed by Order of the Lord Chancellor for some reasonable Cause to be in such Order expressed; and the other Officers of the Court may be removed by the Judge, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor.

XXV. No Person shall be appointed a Registrar who shall not be Qualification or have been an Advocate, Barrister-at-Law, Proctor, Solicitor, or an^DUtric" Attorney-at-Law, unless at the Time of the passing of this Act he is Registrars, performing in Person the Duties of Registrar or Deputy Registrar of

some Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland.

XXVI. All Registrars, District Registrars, Officers, and Clerks of Officers of the Court shall execute their respective Offices in Person, and not by the c°u^t?

x v pTAcute their

Deputy; and no Registrar of the Principal Registry of the Court, Offices in

nor any Officer or Clerk in the Principal Registry thereof, shall Person-

during the Time of his holding such Office directly or indirectly a^ttoaet

practise as an Advocate, Barrister, Proctor, Solicitor, or Attorney, or as Proctors,

receive or participate in the Fees of any other Person so practising. &c *

XXVII. The Judge shall cause to be made Seals for the Court of Power to Probate, that is to say, One Seal to be used in its Principal Registry, causTSeals and separate Seals to be used in the several District Registries, and of the Court may cause the same respectively from Time to Time to be broken, ^jed1*0-altered, and renewed at his Discretion; and all Probates, Letters of Administration, Orders, and other Instruments, and Exemplifications and Copies thereof respectively, purporting to be sealed with any Seal of the Court of Probate, shall in all Parts of the United Kingdom be received in Evidence without further Proof thereof.

XXVIII. The Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall have the The Court

to hftVQ

same Powers, and its Grants and Orders shall have the same Effect, throughout

throughout

all Ireland the same Powers as the Prerogative Court,

Suits for Legacies or Distribution not to be entertained.

Power to

examine

Witnesses.

As to Production of Deeds, &c.

Powers of the Court to enforce Orders.

Order to produce any Instrument

20° & 21" VICTORIES, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

throughout all Ireland, and in relation to the Personal Estate in all Parts of Ireland of deceased Persons, as the Prerogative Court and its Grants and Orders respectively now have in relation to those Matters and Causes Testamentary and those Effects of deceased Persons which are within the Jurisdiction of the said Prerogative Court; and all Duties which, by Statute or otherwise, are imposed on or should be performed by Ordinaries generally, or on or by the said Prerogative Court, in respect of Probates, Administrations, or Matters or Causes Testamentary within their respective Jurisdictions, shall be performed by the Court of Probate: Provided that no Suits for Legacies, or Suits for the Distribution of Residues, shall be entertained by the Court, or by any Court or Person whose Jurisdiction as to Matters and Causes Testamentary is hereby abolished.

XXIX. The Court may require the Attendance of any Party in Person, or of any Person whom it may think fit to examine or cause to be examined in any Suit or other Proceeding in respect of Matters or Causes Testamentary, or may examine or cause to be examined upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may require, Parties and Witnesses by Word of Mouth, and may, either before or after or with or without such Examination, cause them or any of them to be examined on Interrogatories, or receive their or any of their Affidavits or solemn Affirmations, as the Case may be; and the Court may by Writ require such Attendance, and order to be produced before itself or otherwise any Deeds, Evidences, or Writings, in the same Form, or nearly as may be, as that in which a Writ of Subpoena ad testificandum, or of Subpoena duces tecum, is now issued by any of the Superior Courts of Law; and every Person disobeying any such Writ shall be considered as in Contempt of the Court, and also be liable to forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

XXX. The Court shall have the like Powers, Jurisdiction, and Authority for enforcing the Attendance of Persons required by it as aforesaid, and for punishing Persons failing, neglecting, or refusing to produce Deeds, Evidences, or Writings, or refusing to appear or to be sworn, or make Affirmation or Declaration, or- to give Evidence, or guilty of Contempt, and generally for enforcing all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments made or given by the Court under this Act, and otherwise in relation to the Matters to be inquired into and done by or under the Orders of the Court under this Act, as are by Law vested in the Court of Chancery for such Purposes in relation to any Suit or Matter depending in such Court.

XXXI. The Court may, on Motion or Petition, or otherwise, in a summary Way, whether any Suit or other Proceeding shall or shall not

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (f).

not be pending in the Court with respect to any Probate or Adminis- purporting tration, order any Person to produce and bring into the Principal ^mentaiy, or any District Registry, or otherwise as the Court may direct, any Paper or Writing'being or purporting to be testamentary, which may be shown to be in the Possession or under the Control of such Person; and if it be not shown that any such Paper or Writing is in the Possession or under the Control of such Person, but it shall appear that there are reasonable Grounds for believing that he has the Knowledge of any such Paper or Writing, the Court may direct such Person to attend for the Purpose of being examined in open Court, or upon Interrogatories respecting the same, and such Person shall be bound to answer such Questions or Interrogatories, and, if so ordered, to produce and bring in such Paper or Writing, and shall be subject to the like Process of Contempt in case of Default in not attending or in not answering such Questions or Interrogatories, or not bringing in such Paper or Writing, as he would have been subject to in case he had been a Party to a Suit in the Court and had made such Default; and the Costs of any such Motion, Petition, or other Proceeding shall be in the Discretion of the Court,

XXXII. The Registrars and District Registrars shall respectively Registrars,

have full Power to administer Oaths; and all Persons who at the p°^.^ve Commencement of this Act shall be acting as Surrogates of any administer Ecclesiastical Court, and any other Persons whom the Judge shall, Oaths* under the Seal of the Court, from Time to Time appoint, shall respec- Power to tively have full Power to administer Oaths and perform such other als° '

Duties in reference to Matters and Causes Testamentary as may be sj0ners to assigned to them from Time to Time by the Rules and Orders under administer this Act; and the Persons so appointed shall be styled " Commis- a c' sioners of Her Majesty's Court of ProbateProvided, that any Party required to be examined, or any Person called as a Witness or required or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition under or for the Purposes of this Act, shall be permitted to make his solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of being sworn, in the Circumstances and Manner in which a Person called as a Witness so desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition in any of the Superior Courts would now be permitted so to do; and any Person who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or who shall wilfully swear, affirm, or declare falsely in any Affidavit or Deposition before the Court of Probate, or before any Registrar, District Registrar, or Commissioner of the Court, shall be liable to the Penalties and Consequences of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIII. If any Person forge the Signature of any Registrar, District Penalty on Registrar, or Commissioner for taking Oaths, or forge or counterfeit Counterfeit-

ing Seals or Signatures of Officers.

Practice of the Court.

Rules and Orders to be made for regulating the Procedure of the Court.

Mode of taking Evidence in contentious Matters.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

any Seal of the Court of Probate, or knowingly use or concur in using any such forged or counterfeit Signature or Seal, or tender in Evidence any Document with a false or counterfeit Signature of such Registrar, District Registrar, or Commissioner, or with a false or counterfeit Seal, knowing the same Signature or Seal to be false or counterfeit, every such Person shall he guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Penal Servitude for the Term of his Life or any Term not less than Seven Years, or to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Three Years with or without Hard Labour.

XXXIV. The Practice of the Court of Probate shall, except where otherwise provided by this Act, or by the Rules or Orders to be from Time to Time made under this Act, be, so far as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, according to the present Practice in the Prerogative Court.

XXXV. And to the Intent and End that the Procedure and Practice of the Court may be of the most simple and expeditious Character, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, at any Time after the passing of this Act, with the Advice and Assistance of the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench' or any One of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Law to be by such Chief Justice named in that Behalf, and of the Judge of the said Prerogative Court, to make Rules and Orders, to take effect when this Act shall come into operation, for regulating the Procedure and Practice of the Court, and the Duties of the Registrars, District Registrars, and other Officers thereof, and for determining what shall be deemed contentious and what shall be deemed non-contentious Business, and, subject to the express Provisions of this Act, for fixing and regulating the Time and Manner of appealing from the Decisions of the said Court, and generally for carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect; and, after the Time when this Act shall come into operation, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Probate from Time to Time, with the Concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the said Lord Chief Justice, or any One of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Law to be by such Chief Justice named in this Behalf, to repeal, amend, or alter any such Rules and Orders, or make other Orders in lieu thereof, as to him, with such Concurrence as aforesaid, may seem fit.

XXXVI. Subject to the Regulations to be established by such Rules and Orders as aforesaid, the Witnesses, and where necessary the Parties, in all contentious Matters where their Attendance can be had, shall be examined orally by or before the Judge in open Court: Provided always, that, subject to any such Regulations as aforesaid,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

the Parties shall be at liberty to verify their respective Cases, ia whole or in part, by Affidavit, but so that the Deponent in every such Affidavit shall, on the Application of the opposite Party, be subject to be cross-examined by or on behalf of such opposite Party, orally in ppen Court as aforesaid, and after such Cross-examination may be re-examined orally in open Court as aforesaid by or on behalf of the Party by whom such Affidavit was filed.

XXXVII. Provided, That where a Witness in any such Matter is out Court may of the Jurisdiction of the Court, or where, by reason of his Illness or ls?u^Gom *

7# 7 missions or.

otherwise, the Court shall not think fit to enforce the Attendance of give Orders the Witness in open Court, it shall be lawful for the Court to order ^Jtion of1" a Commission to issue for the Examination of such Witness on Oath, Witnesses upon Interrogatories or otherwise, or if the Witness be within the Jurisdiction of the Court to order the Examination of such Witness on attend. Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, before any Officer of the said Court, or other Person to be named in such Order for the Purpose; and 3 & 4 Vict. all the Powers given to the Courts of Law at Dublin by the Act of the c' 105' Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and five, for enabling the Courts of Law at Dublin to issue Commissions and give Orders for the Examination of Witnesses in Actions depending in such Courts, and to enforce such Examination, and all the Provisions of the said Acts, and of any other Acts for enforcing or otherwise applicable to such Examination, and the Witnesses examined, shall extend and be applicable to the said Court of Probate and to the Examination of Witnesses under the Commissions and Orders of the said Court, and to the Witnesses examined, as if such Court were One of the Courts of Law at Dublin, and the Matter before it were an Action pending

in such Court.

XXXVIII. The Rules of Evidence observed in the Superior Courts of Common Law shall be applicable to and observed in the Trial of all Questions of Fact in the Court of Probate.

XXXIX. It shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court to sit, with the Assistance of any Judge or Judges of any of the Superior Courts of Law, who, upon the Request of the Lord Chancellor, may find it convenient to attend for that Purpose.

Rules of Evidence in Common Law Courts to be observed.

Common Law Judges may sit, on Request of Judge of Court.

XL, In case of Illness or unavoidable Absence of the Judge, or in In case of any Suit or Matter'in which the Judge, his Wife, or Child, or any Jf Member of his Family, shall have an Interest, such other Judge of Duties to be $ny of the Superior Courts of Law who, on the Request of the Lord

Chancellor,

Superior

Courts.

Court may cause Questions of Fact to be tried by a Jury before itself, or direct an Issue to a Court of Law *

Powers of the Court for the Trial of Questions by a Jury.

Question to be stated, and Jury

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

Chancellor, shall find it convenient to attend, may sit for the Judge of the Court and exercise all his Powers.

XLI. It shall be lawful for the Court of Probate to cause any Question of Fact arising in any Suit or Proceeding under this Act to be tried by a Special or Common Jury before the Court itself, or by means of an Issue to be directed to any of the Superior Courts of Common Law, in the same Manner as an Issue may now be directed by the Court of Chancery, and such Question shall be so tried by a Jury in any Case where an Heir-at-Law, cited or otherwise made Party to the Suit or Proceeding, makes Application to the Court of Probate for that Purpose; and in any other Case where all the Parties . to the Suit or Proceeding concur in such an Application, and where any Party or Parties other than such Heir-at-Law make a like Application (the other Party or Parties not concurring therein), and the Court shall refuse to cause such Question to be tried by a Jury, such Refusal of the Court shall be subject to Appeal as herein provided.

XLII. When the Court shall order a Question of Fact to be tried before itself by a Jury, the Court may make all such Rules and Orders upon the Sheriff or any other Person for procuring the Attendance of a Special or Common Jury for the Trial of such Question as may now be made by any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Dublin, and may also make any other Orders which to such Court may seem requisite; and every such Jury shall consist of Persons possessing the like Qualifications, and shall be struck, summoned, balloted for, and called in like Manner as if such Jury were a Jury for the Trial of any Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Juryman so summoned shall be entitled to the same Rights and subject to the same Duties and Liabilities as if he had been duly summoned for the Trial of any such Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Party to any such Proceeding shall be entitled to the same Rights as to Challenge and otherwise as if he were a Party to any such Cause; and generally for all Purposes of or auxiliary to the Trial of Questions of Fact by a Jury before the Court itself, and in respect of new Trials thereof, and also for all Purposes in relation to or consequential upon the Direction of Issues, the Court of Probate shall have the same Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authority in all respects as belong to any Superior Court of Common Law, or to any Judge thereof, or to the High Court of Chancery, or any Judge thereof, for the like Purposes.

XLIII. When any such Question shall be so ordered to be tried by a Jury before the Court itself, such Question shall be reduced into

Writing

20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

Writing in such Form as the Court shall direct, and at the Trial the swom to Jury shall be swom to try the said Question, and a true Verdict to on give thereon according to the Evidence; and upon every such Trial Trial, to have the Court of Probate shall have the same Powers, Jurisdiction, and *e "I

1 Authority fts

Authority as belong to any Judge of any of the said Superior Courts a Judge at

sitting at Nisi Prius. Nlsl Pnu8 '

XLIV. Where the Court of Probate directs an Issue, it shall be Court may lawful for such Court to direct such Issue to be tried in any Court of fftry any pS Common Law, and either before a Judge of Assize in any County Fact, or at the Sittings for the Trial of Causes in, and either by a

Special or Common Jury, in like Manner as is now done by the Court of Chancery.

XLV. Any Person considering himself aggrieved by any final or interlocutory Decree or Order of the Court of Probate may appeal of Lords, therefrom to the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and thence to the House of Lords: Provided always, that no Appeal from any interlocutory Order of the Court of Probate shall be made without Leave of the Court of Probate first. obtained, but on the Hearing of an Appeal from any final Decree all interlocutory Orders complained of shall be considered as under Appeal as well as the final Decree.

XLVI. All Persons who at the Time of the passing of this Act have been admitted Advocates in the Prerogative Court, and all practise. Barristers-at-Law, shall be entitled to practise as Advocates or Barristers Counsel in all Matters and Causes in the said Court. hTconten-180

tious Causes.

XLVII. Every Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act is Proctors actually admitted and practising as a Proctor in the Prerogative admitted to Court may, upon his Application, at any Time within One Year F after the passing of this Act, be admitted a Proctor of the Court of Probate, without Payment of any Fee or Stamp Duty.

XLVIII. Every Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act Admission is actually admitted and practising as a Proctor of the Court of imitators. Prerogative or any other Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland may, within One Year after the passing of this Act, be admitted, without the Payment of any Stamp Duty, Fee, Charge, or Gratuity whatsoever, as a Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery, upon the Production of his Appointment or Admission as such Registrar,

Deputy Registrar, or Proctor, or an Official Certificate thereof; and upon the Production of an Official Certificate that such Appointment or Admission continued in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and upon signing the Roll of Solicitors of the High Court

I of

770 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

of Chancery, but not otherwise, such Person shall be entitled to be admitted as a Solicitor of such Court, and to be afterwards in like Manner admitted and enrolled as an Attorney of Her Majesty's Superior Courts.

Practitioners

XLIX. All Persons now or hereafter admitted to practise in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, and all Solicitors and Attornies-at-Law, may practise in the Court, and the Laws and Statutes now in force concerning Solicitors and Attornies shall extend to Solicitors and Attornies practising in the Court: The Commissioners for taking Oaths in the High Court of Chancery shall be Commissioners for taking Oaths in the Court.

Probates and Administration may be granted in Common Form by District Registrars, if it shall appear by Affidavit that the Testator had a fixed Place of Abode.

L. Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration may, upon Application for that Purpose to the District Registry, be granted in Common Form by the District Registrar in the Name of the Court' of Probate and under the Seal appointed to be used in such District Registry, if it shall appear by Affidavit of the Person or some or One of the Persons applying for the same that the Testator or Intestate, as the Case may be, at the Time of his Death had a fixed Place of Abode within the District in which the Application is made, such Place of Abode being stated in the Affidavit; and all Grants of Probate and Letters of Administration granted by such District Registrars shall be deemed Grants by the Court, and shall have effect over the Personal Estate of the Deceased in all Parts of Ireland accordingly.

Affidavit to LI. Such Affidavit shall be conclusive for the Purpose of fo^autho81 authorizing the Grant, by the District Registrar, of Probate or Admi-rizing Grant nistration; and no such Grant of Probate or Administration shall be of Probate, liable to be recalled, revoked, or otherwise impeached by reason that the Testator or Intestate had no fixed Place of Abode within the District at the Time of his Death; and every Probate and Administration granted by any such District Registrar shall effectually discharge and protect all Persons paying to or dealing with any Executor or Administrator thereunder, notwithstanding the Want of or Defect in such Affidavit as is hereby required.

District Re-

LII. The District Registrar shall not grant Probate or Admit^make1104 nistration in any Case in which there is Contention as to the Grant Grantswhere until such Contention is terminated or disposed of by Decree or tendon SkT" otherwise, or in which it otherwise appears to him that Probate or Administration ought not to be granted in Common Form.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

LIII. Notice of every Application to any District Registrar for the Grant of Probate or Administration shall be transmitted by such District Registrar to the Registrars of the Principal Registry by the next Post after such Application shall have been made; and such Notice shall specify the Name and Description, or Addition (if any), of the Testator or Intestate, the Time of his Death, and the Place of his Abode at his Decease, as stated in the Affidavit made in support of such Application, and the Name of the Person by whom the Application has been made, and such other Particulars as may be directed by Rules or Orders under this Act; and no Probate or Administration shall be granted in pursuance of such Application until such District Registrar shall have received a Certificate, under the Hand of One of the Registrars of the Principal Registry, that no '.other Application appears to have been made in respect of the Goods of the same deceased Person, which Certificate the said Registrar of the Principal Registry shall forward as soon as may be to the District Registrar; all such Notices, in respect of Applications in the District Registries, shall be filed and kept in the Principal Registry, and the Registrars of the Principal Registry shall, with reference to every such Notice, examine all Notices of such Applications which may have been received from the several other District Registries, and the Applications which may have been made for Grants of Probate or Administration at the Principal Registry, so far as it may appear necessary to ascertain whether or no Application for Probate or Administration, in respect of the Goods of the same deceased Person, may have been made in more than One Registry, and shall communicate with the District Registrars as Occasion may require in relation to such Applications.

As to Transmission of Notice of Applications for Grants of Probate, &c. to District Registrar.

LIV. In every Case where it appears to a District Registrar that it is doubtful whether the Probate or Letters of Administration which may be applied for should or should not be granted, or where any Question arises in relation to the Grant, or Application for the Grant, of any Probate or Administration, the District Registrar shall transmit a Statement of the Matter in question to the Registrars of the Court of Probate, who shall obtain the Directions of the Judge in relation thereto, and the Judge may direct the District Registrar to proceed in the Manner of the Application according to such Instructions as to the Judge may seem necessary, or may forbid any further Proceeding by the District Registrar in relation to the Matter of such Application, leaving the Party applying for the Grant in question to make Application to the Court of Probate through its Principal Registry, or, if the Case be within its Jurisdiction, to the Court of the Assistant Barrister.

District Registrar in case of Doubt as to Grant to take the Directions of the Judge.

LV. On

District Registrars to transmit Lists of Probates and Administrations, and Copies of Wills.

District Registrars to preserve original WiUs.

As to Caveats.

Where Personalty is under 200/., and Real Property under 300/., Assistant Barrister to have Jurisdiction.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

LV. On the First and Third Thursday of every Month, or oftener if required by any Rules or Orders to be made in that Behalf, every District Registrar shall transmit to the Registrars of the Principal Registry a List, in such Form and containing such Particulars as may be from Time to Time required by the Court of Probate, or by any Rules or Orders under this Act, of the Grants of Probate and Administration made by such District Registrar up to the last preceding Saturday, and not included in a previous Return, and also a Copy, certified by the District Registrar to be a correct Copy, of every Will to which any such Probate or Administration relates.

LVI. Every District Registrar shall file and preserve all original Wills of which Probate or Letters of Administration with the Will annexed may be granted by him, in the Public Registry of the District, subject to such Regulations as the Judge of the Court of Probate may from Time to Time make in relation to the due Preservation thereof, and the convenient Inspection of the same.

LVII. Caveats against the Grant of Probates or Administrations may be lodged in the Principal Registry or in any District Registry, and (subject to any Rules or Orders under this Act) the Practice and Procedure under such Caveats in the Court of Probate shall, as near as may be, correspond with the Practice and Procedure under Caveats now in use in the Prerogative Court; and immediately upon a Caveat being lodged in any District Registry, the District Registrar shall send a Copy thereof to the Registrars to be entered among the Caveats in the Principal Registry; and immediately upon a Caveat being entered in the Principal Registry, Notice thereof shall be given to the District Registrar of the District, if any, in which it is alleged the Deceased resided at the Time of his Decease, and to any other District Registrar to whom it may appear to the Registrar of the Principal Registry expedient to transmit the same.

LVIII. Where it shall appear by Affidavit of the Person or some or One of the Persons applying for Probate or Letters of Administration that the Testator or Intestate had at the Time of his Death his fixed Place of Abode in One of the Districts specified in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and that the Personal Estate in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration should be granted under this Act, exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a Trustee, and not beneficially, but without deducting anything on account of the Debts due and owing from the Deceased, is under the Value of Two hundred Pounds, and that the Deceased at the Time of his Death was not seised or entitled beneficially of or to any Real Estate, or that the Value of the Real Estate of or to which he was seised or

entitled

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

entitled beneficially at the Time of his Death was under the Value of Three hundred Pounds, the Assistant Barrister having Jurisdiction in the Place in which it shall be sworn that the Deceased had at the Time of his Death his fixed Place of Abode shall have the contentious Jurisdiction and Authority of the Court of Probate in respect of Questions as to the Grant and Revocation of Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such deceased Person m case there be any Contention in relation thereto.

LIX. On a Decree being made by an Assistant Barrister for the Clerk of the Grant or Revocation of a Probate or Administration in any such County^ Cause, the Clerk of the Peace of the County shall transmit to the Court to District Registrar of the District in which it shall have been sworn that the Deceased had at the Time of his Decease his fixed Place of of Decree for Abode a Certificate of such Decree having been made, and thereupon, on the Application of the Party or Parties in favour of whom such of Probate. Decree shall have been made, a Probate or Administration in compliance with such Decree shall be issued from such District Registry; or, as the Case may require, the Probate or Letters of Administration theretofore granted shall be recalled or varied by the District Registrar according to the Effect of such Decree.

LX. The Assistant Barrister before whom any disputed Question The Assist-shall be raised relating to Matters and Causes Testamentary under decide*6* this Act shall, subject to the Rules and Orders under this Act, have Causes and all the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority to decide the same and n*°rce

7 # 1 J Judgments

enforce Judgment therein, and to enforce Orders in relation thereto, as in other

as if the same had been an ordinary Action in the Court of such Cases *

Assistant Barrister.

LXI. The Affidavit as to the Place of Abode and State of the Affidavit of Property of a Testator or Intestate which is to give contentious g^j^gCt^e Jurisdiction to the Assistant Barrister under the previous Provi- Assistant sions shall, except as herein-after provided, be conclusive for the j^tion Purpose of authorizing the Exercise of such Jurisdiction, and the to be conclu-

Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration in compliance "ve« unl?8S

A disproved

with the Decree of such Judge; and no such Grant of Probate or while the

Administration shall be liable to be recalled, revoked, or otherwise Matter is

__ nendinff.

impeached by reason that the Testator or Intestate had no fixed Place of Abode within the Jurisdiction of such Judge or within any of the said Districts at the Time of his Death, or by reason that the Personal Estate sworn to be under the Value of Two hundred Pounds did in fact amount to or exceed that Value, or that the Value of the Real Estate of or to which the Deceased was seised or entitled beneficially at the Time of his Death amounted 9 K to

As to Appeals from Determination of Assistant Barrister.

Not obligatory to apply for Probate, &c. to District Registries or Assistant Barrister, but may in every Case be made to Court of Probate.

Judge to make Rules and Orders regulating the Procedure of Assistant Barristers Courts under the Act.

Where aWill affecting Real Estate is proved in

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

to or exceeded Three hundred Pounds: Provided that where it shall be shown to the Assistant Barrister before whom any Matter is pending under this Act that the Place of Abode or State of the Property of the Testator or Intestate in respect of whose Will or Estate he may have been applied to for Grant or Revocation of Probate or Administration has not been correctly stated in the Affidavit, and if correctly stated Would not have authorized him to exercise such contentious Jurisdiction, he shall stay all further Proceedings in his Court in the Matter, leaving any Party to apply to the Court of Probate for such Grant or Revocation, and making such Order as to the Costs of the Proceedings before him as he may think just.

LXII. Any Party who shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the Assistant Barrister in point of Law or upon the Admission or Rejection of any Evidence in any Matter or Cause under this Act may appeal from the same to the Court of Probate in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as may be provided by the Rules and Orders to be made under this Act, and the Decision of the Court of Probate in any such Appeal shall be final.

LXIII. It shall not be obligatory on any Person to apply for Probate or Administration to any District Registrar, or Assistant Barrister of any County, but in every Case such Application may be made through the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate, wherever the Testator or Intestate may at the Time of his Death have had his fixed Place of Abode: Provided, that where in any contentious Matter arising out of any such Application it is shown to the Court of Probate that the State of the Property and Place of Abode of the Deceased were such as to give contentious Jurisdiction to the Assistant Barrister, the Court of Probate may send the Cause to the Court of such Assistant Barrister, who shall proceed therein as if such Application and Cause had been made to and arisen in his Court in the first instance.

LXIV. It shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court, with the Assistance of Two or more of the Assistant Barristers to be for that Purpose named by the Lord Chancellor, from Time to Time to make Rules and Orders for regulating the Procedure and Practice of the Assistant Barristers Courts, and the Judges and Officers thereof, in relation to their Jurisdiction and Proceedings under this Act.

LXV. Where Proceedings are taken under this Act for proving a Will in solemn Form, or for revoking the Probate of a Will, on. the Ground of the Invalidity thereof, or where in any other contentious

Cause

solemn Form, or is the Subject of a contentious Proceeding, the Heir and Persons interested in the Beal Estate to be cited.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

Cause or Matter under this Act the Validity of a Will is disputed, unless in the several Cases aforesaid the Will affects only Personal Estate, the Heir-at-Law, Devisees and other Persons having or pretending Interest in the Real Estate affected by the Will, shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, and to the Rules and Orders under this Act, be cited to see Proceedings, or otherwise summoned in like Manner as the Next of Kin or others having or pretending Interest in the Personal Estate affected by a Will should be cited or summoned, and may be permitted to become Parties, or intervene for their respective Interests in such Real Estate, subject to such Rules and Orders, and to the Discretion of the Court. '

LXVI. Where Probate of such Will is granted after such Proof in solemn Form, or where the Validity of the Will is otherwise declared by the Decree or Order in such contentious Cause or Matter as aforesaid, the Probate, Decree, or Order respectively shall enure for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the Real Estate affected by such Will, and the Probate Copy of such Will, or the Letters of Administration with such Will annexed, or a Copy thereof respectively, stamped with the Seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, shall in all Courts, and in all Suits and Proceedings affecting Real Estate, of whatever Tenure, (save Proceedings by way of Appeal under this Act, or for the Revocation of such Probate or Administration,) be rteceived as conclusive Evidence of the Validity and Contents of such Will in like Manner as a Probate is received in Evidence in Matters relating to the Personal Estate; and where Probate is refused or revoked, on the Ground of the Invalidity of the Will, or the Invalidity of the Will is otherwise declared by Decree or Order under this Act, such Decree or Order shall enure for the Benefit of the Heir-at-Law or other Persons against whose Interest in Real Estate such Will might operate, and such Will shall not be received in Evidence in any Suit or Proceeding, in relation to Real Estate, save in any Proceeding by way of Appeal from such Decrees or Orders.

LXVII. Nothing herein contained shall make it necessary to cite Heir incer-the Heir-at-Law dr other Persons having or pretending Interest in the Real Estate of a deceased Person, unless it is shown to the Court and cited, and the Court is satisfied that the Deceased was at the Time of his Decease ^teda©^ seised of or entitled to or had Power to appoint by Will some Real be affected Estate beneficially, or in any Case where the Will propounded or of Probate, which the Validity is in question would not in the Opinion of the Court, though established as to Personalty, affect Real Estate, but in every such Case, and in any other Case in which the Court may, with reference to the Circumstances of the Property of the Deceased or otherwise, think fit, the Court may proceed without citing the Heir

or

Where the Wins

proved in solemn Form, or its Validity otherwise decided on, the Decree of the Court to be binding on the Persons interested in the Beal Estate.

Probate or Office Copy to be Evidence of the Will in Suits concerning Beal Estate, save where the Validity of the Will is put in issue.

As to Costs of Proof of Will.

Repeal of Sections 31, 32, and 33 of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 113.

Place of Deposit of original Wills.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

or other Persons interested in Real Estate; provided that the Probate, Decree, or Order of the Court shall not in any Case affect the Heir or any Person in respect of his Interest in Real Estate, unless such Heir or Person has been cited or made Party to the Proceedings, or derives Title under or through a Person so cited or made Party.

LXVIII. In any Action at Law or Suit in Equity, where, according to the existing Law, it would be necessary to produce and prove au original Will in order to establish a Devise or other Testamentary Disposition of or affecting Real Estate, it shall be lawful for the Party intending to establish in Proof such Devise or other Testamentary Disposition to give to the opposite Party, Seven Days at least before the Trial or other Proceeding in which the said Proof shall be intended to be adduced, Notice that he intends at the said Trial or other Proceeding to give in Evidence as Proof of the Devise or other Testamentary Disposition the Probate of the said Will or the Letters of Administration with the Will annexed, or a Copy thereof stamped with any Seal of the Court of Probate; and in every such Case such Probate or Letters of Administration, or Copy thereof respectively, stamped as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Will and of its Validity and Contents, notwithstanding the same may not have been proved in solemn Form, or have been otherwise declared valid in a contentious Cause or Matter, as herein provided, unless the Party receiving such Notice shall, within Three Days after such Receipt, give Notice that he disputes the Validity of such Devise or other Testamentary Disposition.

LXIX. In every Case in which, in any such Action or Suit, the original Will shall be produced and proved, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom such Evidence shall be given to direct by which of the Parties the Costs thereof shall be paid.

LXX. The Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Sections of "The Common Law Procedure Act, 1856," are hereby repealed.

LXXI. There shall be One Place of Deposit under the Control of the Court, at such Place in Dublin as the Lord Lieutenant may by Order in Council direct, in which all the original Wills brought into the Court or of which Probate or Administration with the Will annexed is granted under this Act in the Principal Registry thereof, and Copies of all Wills the Originals whereof are to be preserved in the District Registries, and such other Documents as the Court may direct, shall be deposited and preserved, and may be inspected under the Control of the Court and subject to the Rules and Orders under this Act.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

LXXII. The Judge shall cause to be made from Time lo Time Judge to in the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate Calendars of the Grants of Probate and Administration in the Principal Registry, and made from in the several District Registries of the Court, for such Periods as TJ j the Judge may think fit, each such Calendar to contain a Note of principal every Probate or Administration with the Will annexed granted Registry, within the Period therein specified, and also a Note of every other printed. Administration granted within the same Period, such respective Notes setting forth the Dates of such Grants, the Registry in which the Grants were made, the Names of the Testators and Intestates, the Place and Time of Death, the Names and Descriptions of the Executors and Administrators, and the Value of the Effects; and the Calendars to be so made shall be printed as the same are from Time to Time completed.

LXXIII. The Registrars shall cause a printed Copy of every Registrar to Calendar to be transmitted through the Post or otherwise to each of the printed District Registries, and to the Office of Her Majesty's Court of Probate Copies to in London, the Office of the Commissary of the County of Midlothian offices,

in Edinburgh, and such other Offices, if any, as the Court of Probate

shall from Time to Time by Rule or Order direct; and every printed Copy of a Calendar so transmitted as aforesaid shall be kept in the Registry or Office to which it is transmitted, and may be inspected by any Person on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Search, without Reference to the Number of Calendars inspected.

LXXIV. An official Copy of the whole or any Part of a Will, or an Official Copy official Certificate of the Grant of any Letters of Administration, may WU1

be obtained from the Registry or District Registry where the Will has may be ob-been proved or the Administration granted, on the Payment of such tained '

Fees as shall be fixed for the same by the Rules and Orders under this Act.

LXXV. Pending any Suit touching the Validity of the Will of any Administra-deceased Person, or for obtaining, recalling, or revoking any Probate jentelife or any Grant of Administration, the Court of Probate may appoint an Administrator of the Personal Estate of such deceased Person; and the Administrator so appointed shall have all the Rights and Powers of a General Administrator, other than the Right of distributing the Residue of such Personal Estate; and every such Administrator shall be subject to the immediate Control of the Court, and act under its Direction.

LXXVI. It shall be lawful for the Court of Probate to appoint any Receiver of

Remuneration to Administrators pendente fite and Receivers.

Power as to Appointment of Administrator.

38 G. 3. c. 87. (England) extended to Ireland, and to apply to Administrators.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

of the Real Estate of any deceased Person pending any Suit in the Court touching the Validity of any Will of such deceased Person by *which his Real Estate may be affected, and such Receiver shall have such Power to receive all Rents and Profits of such Real Estate, and such Powers of letting and managing such Real Estate, as the Court may direct.

LXXVII. The Court of Probate may direct that Administrators and Receivers appointed pending Suits involving Matters and Causes Testamentary shall receive out of the Personal and Real Estate of the Deceased such reasonable Remuneration as the Court think fit.

LXXVIII. Where a Person has died or shall die wholly intestate as to his Personal Estate, or leaving a Will affecting Personal Estate, but without having appointed an Executor thereof willing and competent to take Probate, or where the Executor shall at the Time of the Death of such Person be resident out of the United Kingdom' of Great Britain and Ireland, and it shall appear to the Court to be necessary or convenient in any such Case, by reason of the Insolvency of the Estate of the Deceased, or other special Circumstances, to appoint some Person to be the Administrator of the Personal Estate of the Deceased, or of any Part of such Personal Estate, other than the Person who if this Act had not been passed would by Law have been entitled to a Grant of Administration of such Personal Estate, it shall not be obligatory upon the Court to grant Administration of the Personal Estate of such deceased Person to the Person who if this Act had not passed would by Law have been entitled to a Grant thereof, but it shall be lawful for the Court, in its Discretion, to appoint such Person as the Court shall think fit to be such Administrator upon his giving such Security (if any) as the Court shall direct, and every such Administration may be limited as the Court shall think fit.

LXXIX. Whereas it is expedient that the Powers given by the Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-seven, should be exercised by the Court of Probate in Ireland, and that the like Powers should be extended to Cases where Administrators are residing out of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted, That at the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the Death of any Testator or Intestate, if the Executor to whom Probate has been granted or the Administrator to whom Administration has been granted by the Court be residing out of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland, the Court shall, upon the Application of any Creditor, next of Kin,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79,

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

or Legatee, grounded upon an Affidavit, have and exercise all the Powers by the said Act given to the Ecclesiastical Courts in England in Cases where the Executor to whom Probate has been granted by any of such Courts is residing out of the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Law and Equity in England, and all the Powers by the said recited Act given to Courts of Equity in England shall, sp far as relates to Property and to Suits in Ireland, be exercised by the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the Powers thereby given to the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in England, or to the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the Governor or Company of the Bank of England, shall be exercised by the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and by the Officers and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively.

LXXX. After any Grant of Administration, no Person shall have After Grant Power to sue or prosecute any Suit, or otherwise act as Executor of the Deceased, as to the Personal Estate comprised in or affected by Person to such Grant of Administration, until such Administration shall have have Power

i 11 J l j to SllG as ftQi

been recalled or revoked. Executor.

LXXXI. Where before the Revocation of any temporary Adminis- Revocation tration any Proceedings at Law or in Equity have been commenced by or against any Administrator so appointed, the Court in which to prejudice such Proceedings are pending may order that a Suggestion be made or upon the Record of the Revocation of such Administration, and of the Grant of Probate or Administration which shall have been made consequent thereupon, and that the Proceedings shall be continued in the Name of the new Executor or Administrator, in like Manner as if the Proceeding had been originally commenced by or against such new Executor or Administrator, but. subject to such Conditions and Variations, if any, as such Court may direct.

LXXXII. Where any Probate or Administration is revoked under Payment* this Act, all Payments bona fide made to any Executor or Administrator under such Probate or Administration, before the Revocation bates or Ad-thereof, shall be a legal Discharge to the Person making the same; and the Executor or Administrator who shall have acted under any such revoked. Probate or Administration may retain and reimburse himself in respect of any Payments made by him which the Person to whom Probate or Administration shall be afterwards granted might have lawfully made.

LXXXIII. All Persons and Corporations making or permitting to Persons, &c. be made any Payment or Transfer bona fide upon any Probate or XnTupon*" Letters of Administration granted in respect of the Estate of any Probates

deceased 6rantedfor

Estate of deceased Person to be indemnified.

Rights of an Executor renouncing Probate to cease as if he had not been named in the Will.

Sureties to Administration Bonds.

Person to whom Grant of Administration shall be committed shall give Bond.

Penalty on Bond.

Power of Court to assign Bond,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters o f Administration [Ireland).

deceased Person, under the Authority of this Act, shall be indemnified and protected in so doing, notwithstanding any Defect or Circumstance whatsoever affecting the Validity of such Probate or Letters of Administration.

LXXXIV. Where any Person, after the Commencement of this Act, renounces Probate of the Will of which he is appointed Executor or One of the Executors, the Rights of such Person in respect of the Executorship shall wholly cease, and the Representation to the Testator and the Administration of his Effects shall and may, without any further Renunciation, go, devolve, and be committed in like Manner as if such Person had not been appointed Executor.

LXXXV. So much of an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of King William the Third, Chapter Six, as requires any Surety, Bond, or other Security to be taken from a Person to whom Administration shall be committed, shall be repealed.

LXXXVI. Every Person to whom any Grant of Administration shall be committed shall give Bond to the Judge of the Court to enure for the Benefit of the Judge for the Time being, and, if the Court of Probate or (in the Case of a Grant from the District Registry) the District Registrar shall require, with One or more Surety or Sureties, conditioned for duly collecting, getting in, and administering the Personal Estate of the Deceased, which Bond shall be in such Form as the Judge shall from Time to Time by any general or special Order direct; provided, that it shall not be necessary for the Solicitor for the Treasury in , on applying for or

obtaining Administration to the Use or Benefit of Her Majesty, to give any such Bond as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. Such Bond shall be in a Penalty of double the Amount under which the Estate and Effects of the Deceased shall be sworn, unless the Court or District Registrar, as the Case may be, shall in any Case think fit to direct the same to be reduced, in which Case it shall be lawful for the Court or District Registrar so to do, and the Court or District Registrar may also direct that more Bonds than One shall be given, so as to limit the Liability of any Surety to such Amount as the Court or District Registrar shall think reasonable.

LXXXVIII. The Court may, on Application made on Motion or Petition in a summary Way, and on being satisfied that the Condition of any such Bond has been broken, order One of the Registrars of the Court to assign the same to some Person, to be named in such Order, and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall thereupon

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

upon be entitled to sue on the said Bond, in his own Name, both at Law and in Equity, as if the same had been originally given to him instead of to the Judge of the Court, and shall be entitled to recover thereon as Trustee for all Persons interested the full Amount recoverable in respect of any Breach of the Condition of the said Bond.

LXXXIX. All Suits, whether original or by way of Appeal, which Tending at the Commencement of this Act shall be pending in any Court in Ireland respecting any Grant of Probate or Administration, shall be Court of transferred, with all the Proceedings therein, to the Court of Probate, Probate* there to be dealt with and decided according to the Rules and Practice of the said Court, except so far as such Court may think it expedient to adopt, for the Purposes of such transferred Suits or any of them, the Rules or Practice of the Court in which the same shall have been pending, to which End the Court of Probate shall, for the Purposes of such Suits, have all the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority possessed by the Court from which such Suit shall be transferred.

XC. Provided, That if at the Commencement of this Act any Power to Cause which would be transferred to the Court under the Enact- ^oseJuris-ment herein-before contained shall have been heard before any Judge diction is or Court having Jurisdiction in relation to such Cause before the Commencement of this Act, and shall be standing for Judgment, such written Judge or Court may, at any Time within Six Weeks after the Com- JudSment8-mencement of this Act, give in to One of the Registrars of the Court a written Judgment thereon, and a Decree or . Order, as the Case may require, shall be drawn up in pursuance of such Judgment; and every such Decree or Order shall have the same Force and Effect as if it had been drawn up in pursuance of a Judgment of the Court of Probate on the Day on which the same shall be so delivered to the Registrar, and shall be subject to Appeal under this Act.

XCI. All Grants of Probates and Administrations made before Void and the Commencement of this Act, which may be void or voidable prates and by reason only that the Courts from which respectively the same were Administra-obtained had not Jurisdiction to make such Grants, shall be as valid tl0ns* as if the same had been- obtained from Courts entitled to make such Grants: Provided, that any such Grants of Probate or Administration shall not be made valid by this Act when the same shall before the Commencement of this Act have been revoked or determined by any Court of competent Jurisdiction to have been void; nor shall this Act prejudice or affect any Proceedings pending at the Time of the passing of this Act in which the Validity of any such Probate or Administration shall be in question: If the Result of such Proceeding shall- be to invalidate the same, such Probate or Administration shall

782 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

not be rendered valid by this Act; and if such Proceedings abate or become defective by reason of the Death of any Party, any Person who but for this Act would have any Right by reason of the Invalidity of such Probate or Administration shall retain such Right, and may commence Proceedings for enforcing the same within Six Calendar Months after the Death of such Party.

Probates and XCII. Legal Grants of Probate and Administration made in tonsgmnted Ireland before the Commencement of this Act, and Grants of Probate before this and Administration made legal by this Act, shall have the same into opera- Force Effect as if they had been granted under this Act; but in tion. every such Case there shall be due and payable to Her Majesty such

further Stamp Duty, if any, as would have been chargeable on any Probate or Administration which, but for this Act, would or ought to have been obtained in respect of the Personal Estate not covered by the Grant; and all Inventories and Accounts in respect thereof shall be returnable to the Court of Chancery, and all Bonds taken in respect thereof may be enforced by or under the Authority of the Court of Chancery, at the Discretion of the Court.

Probate or Administration may be granted of Personal Estate not affected by the former Grants.

XCIII. Provided, That where any Probate or Administration has been granted before the Commencement of this Act, and the Deceased had personal Estate in Ireland not within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Court by which the Probate or Anministration was granted, or otherwise not within the Operation of the Grant, it shall be lawful for the Court to grant Probate or Administration only in respect of such Personal Estate not covered by any former Probate or Administration, and such Grant may be limited accordingly.

Probates XCIV. From and after the Period at which this Act shall come ffogUnd to "lto °Perati°n> when any Probate or Letters of Administration to be be of like granted by the Court of Probate in England shall be produced to and Force as if a Copy thereof deposited with the Registrars of the Court of Probate

originally r J °

granted in in Ireland, such Probate or Letters of Administration shall be sealed h»*lan^e°n with the Seal of the said last-mentioned Court, and being duly

.sealed. stamped shall be of the like Force and Effect and have the same

Operation in Ireland as if it had been originally granted by the Court of Probate in Ireland.

Probates granted in Ireland to be of like Force

as if originally granted in England

XCV. From and after the Period at which this Act shall come into operation, when any Probate or Letters of Administration to be granted by the Court of Probate in Ireland shall be produced to and a Copy thereof deposited with the Registrars of the Court of Probate in England, such Probate or Letters of Administration shall be sealed

with

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79. 783

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

* with the Seal of the last-mentioned Court, and being duly stamped on being re shall be of the like Force and Effect and have the same Operation in sea, ed' England as if it had teen originally granted by the Court of Probate in England.

XCVI. The Acting Judge and Registrar of every Court and Judges of o o o j present Ec *

other Person in Irelandnovr having Jurisdiction to grant Probate or Ad- clesiastical *

ministration, and every Person having the Custody of the Documents Courts and

and Papers of or belonging to such Court or Person, shall, upon re- transmit* all

ceiving a Requisition for that Purpose, under the Seal of the Court of Wills, &c. to

Probate, from a Registrar, and at the Time and in the Manner men- the Reg, st, 7-

tioned in such Requisition, transmit to the Court of Probate, or to

+such other Place as in such Requisition shall be specified, all Records, Wills, Grants, Probates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds, Notes of Administration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Writs, Documents, and every other Instrument relating exclusively or principally to Matters or Causes Testamentary, to be deposited and arranged in the Registry so as to be easy of Reference, under the Control and Direction of the Court.

XCVII. No Judge, Registrar, or other Person who shall wilfully Penalty for refuse or neglect so to transmit such Records, Wills, Grants, Pro- Default-bates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds, Notes of Administration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Writs, Documents, or any other Instrument relating to Matters or Causes Testamentary, shall be entitled to any Compensation under this Act, and every Judge, Registrar, or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be liable to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts, by the Registrars.

XCVIII. One or more safe and convenient Depository or Depo- As to Depositories shall be provided, under the Control and Directions of the j^Cuatody Court of Probate, for all such Wills of living Persons as shall be of the Wills deposited therein for safe Custody; and all Persons may deposit their Wills in such Depository upon Payment of such Fees and under such Regulations as the Judge shall from Time to Time by any Order direct.

XCIX. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Stamp Duties now by Law payable upon Probates and Administrations; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in any Act of Parliament relating to the said Duties, and to Wills, Probates of Wills, and Letters of Administration, for

securing

This Act not to affect the Stamp Duties on Probates and Administrations.

The Registrars to deliver Copies of Wills, &c. to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Sections 9 and 10 of 54 G. 3. c. 68. repealed in part as to the Court of Probate.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

securing the said Duties, not superseded by or inconsistent with the express Provisions of this Act, shall be in full Force, and shall be observed, applied, and put in execution for securing the Duties payable on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration granted under this Act, as if such Duties had been granted by this Act, and the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations relating thereto were herein repeated and specially enacted.

C. The Registrars of the Court of Probate shall, within such Period as the Judge shall direct after Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or their proper Officer, the following Documents respectively; that is to say, in the Case of a Probate or Administration with a Will annexed a Copy of the Will and the original Affidavit, and in the Case of Letters of Administration without a Will annexed such original Affidavit, and in every Case of Letters of Administration a Copy or Extract thereof, and in every Case such Certificate or Note of the Grant as the said Commissioners may require.

Cl. Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-eight, it is enacted, that if any Proctor of any Ecclesiastical Court shall act as such, or permit his Name to be used in any Suit appertaining to the Office of a Proctor or in obtaining Probates of Wills or Letters of Administration, for or on account or for the Profit or Benefit of any Person not entitled to act as a Proctor, or shall permit any such Person to participate in such Profit or Benefit, such Proctor shall be subject to certain Penalties therein mentioned; and it is also therein further enacted, that if any Person shall, in his own Name, or in that of any other Person, do or perform any Act whatever belonging to the Office of a Proctor in consideration of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, or with a view to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Functions, or Practice of a Proctor, without being admitted and enrolled, every such Person shall be subject to certain other Penalties therein mentioned: Be it enacted, Nothing in the said Act contained shall prevent any Proctor of the Court of Probate from acting as Agent of any Attorney or Solicitor in relation to any Matter Testamentary, or from allowing him to participate in the Profits of and incident thereto.

Table of CII. The Lord Chancellor, with such Concurrence as is herein-telTeuby6 ^e^ore required as to Rules and Orders to be made in pursuance

Officers of of this Act, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of

b° Officers Act, fix a Table of Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Court olAssistant of Probate and the Proctors practising therein, including the District

Registrars

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Gap.79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

Registrars and the Proctors practising in District Registries, and a Barristers Table of Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Assistant Barristers onrt8' Courts in respect of Business under this Act, and of the Fees to be payable in respect of Searches, Inspection, and printed jind other Copies of and Extracts from Records, Wills, and other Documents in the Custody or under the Control of the Court of Probate, and he is hereby empowered from Time to Time, with such Concurrence as aforesaid, to add to, reduce, alter, or amend the same as he may see fit; and he shall cause every such Table of Fees, and every Addition,

Reduction, Alteration, or Amendment to, in, or of the same, to be published in the " Dublin Gazette "; and no other Fees than those specified and allowed in such Tables of Fees shall be demanded or taken by such Officers and Proctors, Solicitors and Attorneys.

CIII. The Bill of any Proctor, Solicitor, or Attorney for any Fees, Taxation of Charges, or Disbursements in respect of any Business transacted in the Costs' Court of Probate, whether contentious or otherwise, or any Matters connected therewith, shall, as well between Proctor and Client as between Party and Party, be subject to Taxation by any One of the Registrars of the said Court, and the Mode in which any such Bill shall be referred for Taxation, and by whom the Costs of Taxation shall be paid, shall be regulated by the Rules and Orders to be made under this Act, and the Certificate of the Registrar of the Amount at which such Bill is taxed shall be subject to Appeal to the Judge of the said Court.

CIY. None of the Fees payable to the Officers of the Court of Fees not to Probate or of any Assistant Barrister's Court in respect of Business " t

under this Act, except the Fees of the District Registrars (which are by Stamps, to be taken as their Remuneration, and for their own Use), the Fees of Proctors, Solicitors, and Attorneys, and such Fees as may be authorized to be taken for their own Use by the Commissioners for administering Oaths, and except as herein-after mentioned, shall be received in Money, but the same shall be received by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which otherwise would be payable: Provided always, that the Judge may order any Fees which cannot in his Opinion conveniently be collected by Stamps to be received in Money.

CV. The Fees to be collected by means of Stamps under the Provisions of Provisions of this Act shall be deemed " Stamp Duties," and shall ^StampsTo be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland be applicable Revenue, to be collected and paid into the Exchequer under the same ^collecting Laws and Regulations as those made in respect of the other Duties Fees.

9 N of

No Document; to be received or used unless stamped.

Officers of the Court may be dismissed for Fraud or wilful Neglect in relation to Stamps.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

of " Stamps;" and the Provisions in the several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care or Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamps to be provided under or by virtue of this Act, and to the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on or to which the same Stamps shall be impressed or affixed, and be applied and put in execution for collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted thereby, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Provisions had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said last-mentioned Stamps and Sums of Money respectively; but a separate and distinct Account of all Money received in respect of the said last-mentioned Stamps for every Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Termination of such Year of Accounts, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CVI. No Document which under this Act, and any Table of Fees for the Time being in force under this Act, ought to have a Stamp in respect of such Fee impressed thereon or affixed thereto, shall be received or filed or be used in relation to any Proceeding in the Court of Probate, or be of any Validity for any Purpose whatsoever, unless or until the same shall have the proper Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto: Provided, that if at any Time it shall appear that any such Document has through Mistake or Inadvertence been received, or filed, or used without having such Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the Court of Probate, if he think fit, to order that such Stamp shall be impressed thereon or affixed thereto, and thereupon, when a Stamp shall have been impressed on such Document or affixed thereto in compliance with any such Order, such Document and every Proceeding in reference thereto shall be as valid and effectual as if such Stamp had been impressed thereon or affixed thereto in the first instance.

CVII. If any Officer of the Court of Probate, or any other Person employed under this Act, shall do or commit or connive at any fraudulent Act or Practice in relation to any Stamp to be used under the Provisions of this Act, or to any Fee or Sum of Money to be collected, or which ought to be collected, by means of any such Stamp, or if any such Officer or Person shall be guilty of any wilful Act, Neglect, or Omission whereby any Fee or Money which ought to be collected by means of a Stamp under this Act shall be lost,

or

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

or the Payment thereof evaded, every such Officer or Person so offending shall be dismissed from his Office or Employment if the Judge of the Court of Probate shall think fit so to order;

CVIII. The Salary of the Judge of the Court of Probate, and any Salary of retiring Annuity granted to a Judge of the Court of Probate under and Coinpen-this Act, and all Compensations payable under this Act, shall be sationstobe charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United the^onsoli-Kingdom. dated Fund.

CIX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and appropriated by Parliament for the Purpose, to cause to be paid all Salaries payable to the Registrars, Clerks, and other Officers under this Act, and all necessary Expenses of the Court of Probate and its Registries, and other Expenses which may be incurred in carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect (except such Salary, retiring Annuity, and Compensations as are hereinbefore charged on the said Consolidated Fund).

Salaries and Expenses not charged oil the Consolidated Fund to be paid out of Monies to be provided by Parliament.

CX. Any Person to whom Compensation is awarded under Persons re-this Act in respect of the Loss of Emoluments of any Office, and ^ns&tionto who at the passing of this Act shall have been discharging or liable continue to to discharge in respect of such Office Duties other than those in ^malning116 Matters and Causes Testamentary, shall, so long as he shall receive Duties of such Compensation, be bound to discharge such other Duties on tteir ^fflce3, the same Terms on which, whether gratuitously or otherwise, he discharged or was liable to discharge the same before the passing of this Act.

CXI. Every Person to whom any Compensation shall be granted Persons re-under this Act shall at all Times, when called upon, be liable to fill ^nsatfraTto any public Office or Situation in Ireland under the Crown for which be liable to his previous Services in any Office abolished by this Act may render him eligible; and that if he shall decline, when called upon so to do, in Ireland, to take upon himself such Office or Situation, and execute the Duties thereof satisfactorily, being in a competent State of Health, he shall forfeit his Right to any Compensation or Allowances which may have been granted to him in respect of such previous Services.

CXII. Whereas the Fees or Emoluments of the Persons now prac- Compensa-tising as Proctors in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters p°"c|°rs and Causes Testamentary may be damaged by the Abolition of the exclusive Rights and Privileges which they have hitherto enjoyed as such Proctors in such Courts: Be it enacted, That the Commissioners of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79.

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

Compensation to Proctors in Partnership.

Establishments in District Registries.

of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Examination on Oath or otherwise, which Oath they are hereby authorized to' administer, may inquire into, and may, by the Production of such Evidence as they shall think fit to require, ascertain and absolutely determine the net annual Amount of the Profits arising from the Transaction of Business by Proctors in Matters and Causes Testamentary on an Average of Five Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, or of such Proportion of Five Years as shall have elapsed since each and every such Proctor was admitted to practise in such Courts, and shall award to each and every such Proctor a Sum of Money or annual Payment during the Term of his natural Life of such Amount as shall be equal in Value to One Half of the net Profits derived by such Proctor in respect of Matters and Causes Testamentary upon the said Average of Five Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, or of such Proportion of the said Five Years as shall have elapsed since the Admission of each and every such Proctor to practise in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary.

CXIII. And whereas divers Proctors practising in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary now are or may at the Commencement of this Act be associated together in Partnership: Be it therefore enacted, That in all such Cases the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall inquire into and ascertain the Terms or Conditions of such Partnerships, and shall absolutely determine and award Compensation in respect thereof as herein-before provided to each of such Partnerships, in like Manner as if all the Emoluments thereof had been derived by One Individual, and shall apportion such Compensation among the Members of each such Partnership, with or without Benefit of Survivorship, Regard being had to the existing Terms and Conditions of the same.

CXIV. There shall be a Clerk, or so many Clerks, in each District Registry, and there shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks such Salary or respective Salaries as the Judge of the Court, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may from Time to Time think fit to direct; and it shall be lawful for such Judge to prescribe from Time to Time the Qualifications which shall be possessed by Persons appointed to be Clerks in such District Registries, and generally to regulate the Establishment of such District Registries with reference to the Duties to be performed therein; and the Clerk or Clerks in each District Registry shall be appointed by the District Registrar, with the Approval of the Judge; and every such Clerk may be removed by such Judge, or by the District Registrar with the Approval of the Judge.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 79. 789

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

CXV. Each District Registrar, shall, out of the Fees taken by Fees payable him in respect of the Business in his respective District Registry, pay the Salary or Salaries of the Clerk or Clerks in such Registry, and the Residue of such Fees shall be retained by such District Registrar to his own Use; and every District Registrar shall keep an Account of all Fees so taken by him, and shall within One Month after the End of each Year render to the Commissioners of the Treasury a faithful Account in Writing of all such Fees received by him during such Year: Provided, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners District of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, to order that the District Registrars under this Act, or any by Salaries of them, shall be paid by Salaries instead of Fees, and to fix the of Salaries to be payable to them respectively; and thereupon all Fees payable to the District Registrars so ordered to be paid by Salaries shall be accounted for and paid into the Exchequer, at such Times and under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Salaries of such District Registrars and of their Clerks shall be paid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose, and no such District Registrar shall be deemed to have any Claim to Compensation on account of any Diminution of his Emolument s by reason of any such Order.

CXVI. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause Publication to be prepared in each Year ending December Thirty-one a Return of of A-cCOnnte-all Fees and Monies levied in such Year, and of any other Fund under the Authority of this Act; also a Return of the annual Salaries of the Judge of the said Court of Probate, and of the Registrars,

Deputy Registrars, Clerks, and all others holding Offices either in Dublin or in the Country Districts, with an Account of all the incidental Expenses relating to the Offices aforesaid, whether such Salaries and Expenses be defrayed out of Fees or out of any other Monies; also a Return of all Superannuations, Pensions, Annuities,

Retiring Allowances, and Compensations made payable under this Act in each Year, stating the gross Amount, and the Amount in detail of such Charges: Provided always, that all such Returns aforesaid shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented within One Month of the First Meeting of Parliament after the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year.

CXVII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and appropriated j^Jatlrofor 9 0 by

Probates and Letters of Administration [Ireland).

Registries, by Parliament for that Purpose, to cause to be purchased, erected, &c' hired, or otherwise provided such Offices and Buildings as may he

suitable for the District Registries and Depository or Depositories for Wills, and such Buildings, if any, as may be necessary for the Court and Principal Registry.

Accountant

CXVIII. It shall be competent to the Lord Chancellor to direct Court ofof Accountant General of the Court of Chancery shall act as

Chancery to Accountant General of the Court, and in such Case the Accountant &e1 for C?urt General shall carry into effect the Orders of the Court in the same of Probate. i J

Manner as if they were Orders of the Court ot Chancery.

Compensation to Registrars, &c. of existing Courts.

CXIX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant to any Judges, Deputy Judges, Vicar General, Registrars, Deputy Registrars, and other Persons holding Office in the Courts now exercising Jurisdiction in Matters and Causes Testamentary who may sustain any Loss of Emoluments by reason of the passing of this Act, and who are not transferred or appointed by or under this Act to Offices in the Court of Probate of equal Value to the Offices previously held by them, such Compensation as, having regard to the Tenure and Nature of their respective Offices and Appointments, and the Periods during which they have held and discharged the Duties of the same, the said Commissioners deem just and proper to be awarded; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant to all managing and other Clerks who have been continuously employed in the Offices of Registrars of the said Courts for Fifteen Years and upwards immediately before the passing of this Act, and may sustain any Loss of Emoluments as aforesaid, and are not transferred or appointed as aforesaid, such Compensation as the said Commissioners may deem just and proper: And provided also, that if any Person to whom any yearly Sum is awarded for Compensation as aforesaid is or shall be appointed to any Office or Situation under this Act, or in the Public Service, the Payment of such Compensation shall be suspended so long as he continues to receive the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Situation^ if the Amount thereof be equal, to or greater than the Amount of Emoluments in respect of the Loss whereof Compensation is awarded; and if the Amount of such last-mentioned Emoluments be greater than the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Situation, no more of such Compensation shall be paid than will, with such Salary or Emoluments, be equal to the Emoluments in respect of the Loss whereof such Compensation is payable.

Compensa- CXX. And whereas Anthony Hawkins Esquire, One of the AHawkins. Deputy Registrars of the Court of Prerogative, and who hath served

therein

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 791

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

therein for a Period of Twenty-eight Years, is unwilling to accept the Office of Registrar under this Act: There shall be paid to the said Anthony Hawkins, by way of retiring Pension, an Annuity equivalent

to the net annual Profits of his Office on an Average to be taken by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Three Years next preceding the passing of this Act, but not in any Case to exceed the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Pounds, to commence from the Period at which this Act shall come into operation, and to be paid out of the Fund and in the Manner herein appointed for the Payment of Compensations.

CXXI. All Rules and Orders to be made under this Act con- Boles and ceraing Procedure and Practice, and the Table of Fees to be fixed before* under «this Act, and all Alterations thereof to be from Time to Time Parliament, made, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

SCHEDULE (A.)

Districts and Places of District Registries throughout Ireland.

Not. Districts. Places of District Registries. Nos. Districts. Places of District Registries.

i Donegal, Londonderry, Londonderry. 6 Roscommon and Galway Tuam.

and the Baronies of

Strabane and Omagh 7 King's County and Mullingar.

in the County of Tyrone. Westmeath.

8 Carlow, Queen's County, Kilkenny.

2 Antrim and Down Belfast. and Kilkenny.

3 Armagh, Louth, Mona- Armagh. 9 Waterford, Wexford, Waterford.

ghan, Fermanagh, and Tyrone, except the and South Riding of Tipperary.

Baronies of Strabane

and Omagh. 10 Limerick, Clare, North Limerick.

Mayo, Sligo, and Lei- Riding of Tipperary,

Ballina. and the Baronies of

trim, except the Ba- Clanmaurice and Ir-

ronies of Mohill, Car- raghticonnor in the

rigallen, and Leitrim. County of Kerry.

5 Cavan, Longford, and Cavan. 11 Cork and Kerry, except Cork.

the Baronies of Lei- the Baronies of Clan-

trim, Mohill, and Carrigallen, in the County of Leitrim. maurice and Irraghti-

connor in the County of Kerry.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Annual

Salary.

The Registrars in Dublin, each - £ 1,000

The Record Keeper ..... 450

The Clerk of the Seal ..... 300

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIM REGINAE.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to amend " The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856." [25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a further Amendment should be made in "The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856:" Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, shall not, nor shall either of them, be deemed to have repealed, as respects Companies already formed for the Purpose of carrying on the Business of Insurance, under the Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, or as respects Companies hereafter to be formed for the said Purpose, the said Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, or any other Act amending the same or relating to such Companies: Provided that if any Insurance Company, formed under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, or the Directors of or Shareholders in any such Company have, during the Interval between the passing of the said Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856, and of this Act, acted as if the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty had, as to such Company, been repealed by the said Joint 9 P Stock

Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, not to be deemed to repeal 7 & 8 Vict. c. 110., &c. as respects Insurance Companies.

[Proviso.]

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 80.

Joint Stock Companies Act (1856) Amendment.

Stock Companies Act, 1856, then so for as affects the Mutual Rights and Relations of the said Company, its Directors and Officers, and late or present Shareholders, and so far as affects any Penalties which the said Company, or its Directors, Officers, or Shareholders, may have incurred by Non-observance of the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty shall, as regards the Actions of the said Company, its Directors and Shareholders, during such Interval as aforesaid, be deemed to have been repealed.

ANNO VICESIMO ScVICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

* 51

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend the Burial Acts.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty-five) ," to amend the Laws concerning the Burial 15&l6 Vict. " of the Dead in the Metropolis"; and an Act was pdssed in the c, 85' Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter One hundred and thirty-four) ," to amend the Laws con- i6&i7 Vict " cerning the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of c'134- the Metropolis, and to amend the Act concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis " and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty-seven) ," to make further Provision for the Burial 17&i8 Vict. " of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis and c '

Acts were passed in the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapters Seventy-eight and One hundred and twenty-eight), "to amend the Laws concerning the 18 & 19 Vict. " Burial of the Dead in EnglandAnd whereas it is expedient to cc' 78' 128' amend the said Acts: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Approval of

I. All Acts authorized to be done by any Burial Board, with the a Majority of Approval, Sanction, or Authority of the Vestry or Vestries of the p^of Parish or Parishes for which such Board is constituted, may, where a sufficient for Joint Burial Board is constituted for more than Two Parishes, be

9 Q done Boards

acting for more than Two Parishes.

Joint Burial Boards may be dissolved.

Burial Boards may provide more than One Burial Ground.

Local Board of Health may, by Order in Council, be constituted a Burial Board.

Burial Acts Amendment.

done with the Approval, Sanction, or Authority (as the Case may require) of the Vestries of the Majority of such Parishes.

II. Where the Vestries of Two or more Parishes have agreed to provide One Burial Ground for the common Use of such Parishes, such Vestries may, at any Time before such Burial Ground has been provided, determine the Union between such Parishes under such Agreement, and upon such Union being so determined all the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act shall be applicable with regard to such Parishes and the respective Burial Boards thereof as if such Union had not been formed, save that any Expenses already properly incurred by the Joint Burial Board for such Parishes shall be defrayed as provided by the said Acts.

III. Any Burial Board may, if they see fit, with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, provide more than One Burial Ground, and may, if they see fit, with such Approval, instead of setting apart a Portion of any Burial Ground for \ the Purpose of such Portion being used' as unconsecrated Ground, provide separate and distinct Grounds to be used respectively as consecrated and unconsecrated Burial Grounds: Where before the passing of this Act any Burial Board has provided more than One Burial Ground, or has (instead of setting apart a Portion of any Burial Ground for the Purpose of being used as unconsecrated Ground) provided separate and distinct Grounds as consecrated and unconsecrated Burial Grounds, such Burial Board shall be deemed to have acted lawfully and in accordance with the said Acts.

IV. In case it appear to Her Majesty in Council, upon the Petition of the Local Board of Health of any District established under the Public Health Act, or upon the Petition of any Commissioners elected by the Ratepayers, and acting under or by virtue of the Powers of any Local Act of Parliament for the Improvement of any Town, Parish, or Borough, stating that the District of such Local Board of Health or of such Commissioners is co-extensive with a District for which it is proposed to provide a Burial Ground, and that no Burial Board has been appointed for such District, and that an Order in Council has been made for closing all or any of the Burial Grounds within the skid District, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, in pase Her Majesty see fit so to do, to order that such Local Board shall be a Burial Board for the District of such Local Board, or that such Commissioners shall be a Burial Board for the District of such Commissioners, and thereupon such Local Board or such Commissioners, as the Case may be, shall be a Burial Board for such District accordingly; and the Powers and Provisions of the Acts herein-before mentioned (except the Provisions relating to the Constitution or Appointment and Resignation of Members of Burial Boards), and the Provision

herein

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, C»p.81. 799

Burial Acts Amendment.

herein contained, shall extend to the District of such Board, and to such Board, or to the District of such Commissioners, and to such Commissioners, and to any Burial Ground and Places for the Reception of the Bodies of the Dead previously to Interment which may be provided by such Board or by such Commissioners, in like Manner as to any Parish or Parishes and the Burial Board thereof, and any Burial Ground and any such Places as aforesaid provided by such last-mentioned Board, save that no Approval, Sanction, or Authorization of any Vestry shall be requisite: Provided always, that Notice of such Petition, and of the Time when it shall please Her Majesty to order the same to be taken into consideration by the Privy Council, shall be published in the London Gazette, and in One of the Newspapers usually circulating in the District of such Local Board or of such Commissioners, One Month at least before such Petition is so considered: Provided also, that this Enactment shall not apply to any such District as aforesaid exclusively consisting of the whole or Part of One Corporate Borough within the Meaning of the Public Health Act, 1848.

V. The Vestry, or Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, of any Parish, Burial Board new Parish, Township, or other District not separately maintaining its ^rt' *

own Poor, and which has had no separate Burial Ground, may appoint District a Burial Board; and such Vestry or Meeting, and the Burial Board f0.4 "ai" '

- °7 taming its

appointed by it, shall exercise and have all the Powers which they 0wa Poor,

might have exercised and had under the said Acts and this Act if such had no Parish, new Parish, Township, or District had had a separate Burial separate Ground before the passing of the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nine- uria1^ teenth Years of Her Majesty: Provided always, that all the Powers of any other Vestry or Meeting and Burial Board, if any, shall then cease and determine, so far as relates to such Parish, new Parish, Township, or District as aforesaid; and until a Burial Ground shall be so provided as aforesaid and consecrated for any new Parish or District created or to be created pursuant to- the Provisions of the Sixth and Seventh Victoria, Chapter Thirty-seven, the Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-four, and the Nineteenth and Twentieth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and four, or any or either of them, and to which the said Acts, or any or either of them, may apply, the Incumbent of such new Parish or District (if any Burial Ground has been or shall be provided under the herein recited Acts for the Burial of the Dead, or any or either of them, for any Parish or Parishes out of Rates to which such new Parish or District, or any Part thereof, shall have contributed or contribute or be liable,) shall, with respect to the Burial in such last-mentioned Burial Ground of the Remains of the Parishioners or Inhabitants of such new Parish or District, or of such Part thereof as shall have contributed or contribute as aforesaid, as the Case may be, perform the same Duties, and have the same Rights, Privileges, and Authorities, and be entitled

to

Ordinary of Diocese may consecrate the whole or Part of Land belonging to any Parish for the Burial of poor Persons.

Provision for Transfer to a Burial Board of a Burial Ground provided under Church Building Acts.

Burial Acts Amendment.

to the same Fees, and also the Clerk and Sexton of such new Parish or District shall, when necessary, respectively perform the same Duties, and be entitled to the same Fees, in respect of such Burials, as if the said Burial Ground were exclusively the Burial Ground of such new Parish or District, subject nevertheless to all Provisions to which the Incumbents, Clerks, and Sextons of original Parishes are respectively sulyect in and by the said Burial Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Rights or Privileges of any existing Incumbent, Clerk, or Sexton without the Consent of such Incumbent, Clerk, or Sexton respectively.

VI. Where the Guardians of any Parish or Union are or shall hereafter become possessed of any Land suitable to the Purposes of a Burial Ground, and the Poor Law Board shall consent to the same being appropriated to the Reception of the dead Bodies of any poor Persons whom such Guardians shall be authorized or required by Law to bury, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of the Diocese wherein such Land shall be situated, if he see fit, to consecrate the whole or a Part of such Land for Burial Purposes, and after Consecration the Guardians may lawfully direct any such dead Body as aforesaid to be buried therein; and the Land so consecrated shall not thenceforth be used for any other Purposes than for Burials according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, and shall be kept in decent Order; and the Fences thereof, and any Building or other Erection therein or adjoining thereto used for the Performance of the Burial Service, shall be maintained in good Repair by the Guardians, out of the Common Fund of such Parish or Union: Provided nevertheless, that the Guardians shall not be authorized to direct the Body of any poor Person to be buried in such Grounds who, or whose Husband, Wife, or Next of Kin, shall, by Letter addressed to the Master of the Workhouse or otherwise, have expressly desired Burial to take place elsewhere.

VII. Where a Burial Ground has been provided for any Parish under any of the Acts commonly referred to or known as the Church Building Acts, and the same has been consecrated, and any Money expended in providing such Burial Ground has been borrowed on the Security of the Church Rates, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent of the Parish, with the Consent of the Ordinary and the Burial Board of such Parish, or of any Borough or District in which such Parish is wholly or in part comprised, by Instrument in Writing under the Hands and Seals of such Incumbent and Ordinary, and under the Seal of the said Burial Board, to declare that, in consideration of the Payment of the Debt by the said Burial Board, or of such Sum as shall be mutually agreed upon, with the Consent of the Persons, signified in Waiting under their Hands, to whom Two Thirds of such

Debt

Burial Acts Amendment.

Debt is due, the said Burial Ground shall be vested in and be under the Care and Management of such Burial Board, and thereupon the same shall be vested in and be under the Care and Management of such Board, and shall be subject to. the Provisions of the hereinbefore recited Acts and this Act applicable to a consecrated Burial Ground or the consecrated Part of any Burial Ground provided by any Burial Board; and any Money borrowed as aforesaid, and remaining owing, and the Interest due and to become due thereon, and all Costs and Expenses occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, or incurred in providing such Burial Ground, and then remaining unpaid, shall be charged on and paid out of such Rates or Fund as under the said last-mentioned Acts and this Act would be chargeable with the Expense of providing a Burial Ground by such Board, and such Declaration as aforesaid shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese; and such Board may, with the Approval of the Vestry, enlarge such Burial Ground, by the Addition of Ground to be used for Burials otherwise than according to the Rites of the Church of England, and to be used subject to the Provisions of the Acts herein recited and of this Act in respect to the unconsecrated Portions of Burial Grounds.

VIII. It shall and may be lawful for the Vestry of any Parish in Vestry of which any Burial Ground closed by Order in Council may be situate, ^hkhBurial and which does not belong to such Parish, by Resolution of the Ground is Vestry at a Meeting called for that Purpose, to purchase such Burial Ground, and from the Time of such Purchase such Burial Ground such Burial shall belong to such Parish, and be subject to all the Conditions notek>ng-affecting the Burial Grounds of the Parish in which the same is ingto Parish. situate.

IX. And whereas by the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nine- Burial

teenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty- ^hcap

eight, it is enacted, that where a Parish or Place has been united pointed for

with any other Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, for all or any &<J

Ecclesiastical Purposes, or where Two or more Parishes or Places in Cases

have heretofore had a Church or a Burial Ground for their joint Use, j|ro][gdgf ^jr

or where the Inhabitants of several Parishes or Places have been Vict. c. 128.

accustomed to meet in One Vestry for Purposes common to such f

several Parishes or Places, it shall be lawful for the Vestry, or any Secretary of

Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, of such several Parishes or Places, State, whero . 6, , -, ' One of the.

in any of the Cases aforesaid, and whether any One or more oi such places sepa-

Parishes or Places do or do not separately maintain its own Poor, to appoint a Burial Board, and from Time to Time to supply Vacancies Poor 0rhas

therein, and to exercise the same Powers of Authorization, Approval,

and Sanction in relation to such Burial Board, and such other Powers

as, under the Acts therein recited and that Act, are vested in the

Vestry of a Parish or Place separately maintaining its own Poor:

9 R Where

Burial Acts Amendment

Where any of the several Parishes or Races under the Circumstances provided for in the said Enactment separately maintains its own Poor, or has a separate Burial Ground, it shall not be lawful for the Vestry, or Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, of such several Parishes or Places, to appoint a Burial Board under the said Enactment without the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State { and in case it appear to the Secretary of State that any such Parish or Place has a sufficient Burial Ground, or that otherwise it would not be expedient that the Powers given by the said Enactment should be exercised in relation to such Parish or Place, the Secretary of State may direct that such Parish or Place shall be excepted from the Operation of the said Enactment, and thereupon the same shall be excepted according^; and the Inhabitants of the remaining Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, may assemble 'in Vestry, or in a Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, from Time to Time, and in such Vestry or Meeting may proceed in like Manner under the said Acts and this Act in all respects as if the Inhabitants of such last-mentioned Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, exclusively had a Vestry for their common Purposes, and were wholly unconnected with the Parish or Place so excepted.

Orders in X. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order made by and be inadVfor the Advice of Her Privy Council, on the Representation of One regulating of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time Grounds &< to e9ta^hsh such Regulations as to Her Majesty may seem proper for the Protection of the Public Health, and for the Maintenance of Public Decency, in respect of all Burials in common Graves in any Cemeteries named in Schedule (B.) to the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five, and in respect of the like Burials in any Cemetery established under the Authority of any Local Act of Parliament; and every such Order in Council shall be published in the London Gazette; and all Persons having the Care of such Cemeteries and Burial Grounds and Places shall conform to and obey such Regulations; and any such Person who shall violate or wilfully neglect to observe any of such Regulations shall, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always, that no such Representation shall be made in relation to any Cemetery or Burial Ground until Ten Days previous Notice in Writing of the Intention to make such Representation shall have been given to the Person or One of the Persons having the Control or Care of such Cemetery or Burial Ground.

Ho Wall or Fence required between the consecrated and unconsecrated

XI. It shall not be necessary to erect or maintain any Wall or Fence between the consecrated and the unconsecrated Portions of any Burial Ground provided under the herein-before recited Acts; and this Act, or any of them: Provided always, that in the Case of any Burial Ground where there shall be no such Wall or Fence,

Burial Acts Atnetodment.

it shall be the Duty of the Burial Board having the Care of such Portions of -

Burial Ground to place, and from Time to Time to repair and renew,

such Boundary Marks of Stone or Iron as may be sufficient to show Boundary

the Boundaries of such consecrated and unconsecrated Portions Marks to

.. i be provided,

respectively.

XII. If, upon the Application in Writing by any Burial Board Appeal, to the Bishop of the Diocese for the Consecration of a Burial Ground, declared in such Writing to be in a fit and proper Condition for the Purpose of Interment according to the Rites of the United Church of, England and Ireland, which Application the Board is required to make as soon as such Ground is in such fit and proper Condition, the said Bishop shall refuse to consecrate the same, it shall be lawful for such Burial Board to appeal from such Refusal to the Archbishop of the Province, who shall decide the Matter in dispute; and if the said Archbishop shall decide that the said Burial Ground is not in a fit and proper Condition as aforesaid, then the Board shall be bound to put the said Ground in a fit and proper Condition; and if the said Archbishop shall decide that the said Burial Ground is in a fit and proper Condition as aforesaid and ought to be consecrated, such Decision shall be communicated in Writing by the Archbishop to the Bishop aforesaid; and if after such Communication the said Bishop shall not within One Calendar Month consecrate the said Burial Ground, the said Archbishop shall, under his Hand and Seal, license the same for the Interment of Bodies according to the Rites of the United Church of England and, and the Licence of the said Archbishop so granted as aforesaid shall, until such Burial Ground be consecrated, operate to make lawful the Use of the same as if it had been consecrated.

XIII. In any Burial Ground provided under the Powers of the Power to Acts herein-before recited or this Act, respecting which One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall have certified that the bury in necessary Provisions have been complied with, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Parish or Parishes for which tified bj such Burial Ground is provided, or his or their Curate or Curates, SeCTetMy or such duly qualified Person as any such Incumbent may authorize, prior to Con-if such Incumbent, Curate, or such duly qualified Person respectively secretion, think fit, to bury in such Burial Ground prior to the Decision of the Bishop or Archbishop upon the Application for the Consecration thereof.

XIV. Whereas by Section Thirty-two of the Act of the Third Section 32. of Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty- ^mpting6* six, it is enacted, that no Toll shall be demapded or taken by virtue Funerals of that or any other Act or Acta of Parliament cm any Turnpike Road of or from any Inhabitant of any. Parish, Townships or Place; Funerals in going to or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person who shall

Burial Acts Amendment

provided for shall die and be buried in the Parish, Township, or Place in which any Sfhough^not Turnpike Road shall lie, from and after the First Day of July One within its thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, or from and after the Termi-Limits. nation of any now existing Lease of Tolls expiring before that Date, the said Enactment shall extend to exempt from Toll every Person going to or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person who shall be buried in any Burial Ground provided for the Parish, Township, or Place in which he died under the Acts herein-before recited and this Act, or any of them, or under any other Act of Parliament, although such Burial Ground be not within the Limits of the Parish, Township, or Place for which it may have been provided, or in which the Turnpike Road shall lie.

Persons wilfully destroying, &c. Register Book of Burials

failty of elony.

XV. That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or injure, or cause to be destroyed or injured, any Register Book of Burials, kept according to the Provisions of this Act, or any Part or certified Copy of any Part of such Register, or shall falsely make or counterfeit, or cause to be falsely made or counterfeited, any Part of any such Register or certified Copy thereof, or shall wilfully insert or cause to be inserted in any Registry Book or certified Copy thereof any false Entry of any Burial, or shall wilfully give any false Certificate, or shall certify any Writing to be a Copy or Extract of any such Register Book, knowing the same to be false in any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of any Burial Board, shall be guilty of Felony.

Section 4.' of 52 G. 3. c. 146. not to apply to Burials in Grounds provided under the Burial Acts.

XVI. Whereas by the Act of the Fifty-second Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and forty-six, Section Four, it is provided, that whenever the Ceremony of Burial shall be performed in any other Place than the Parish Church or Churchyard of any Parish (or the Chapel or Chapelyard of any Chapelry providing its own distinct Registers), and such Ceremony shall be performed by any Minister not being the Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry, the Minister who shall perform such Ceremony of Burial shall on the same or on the next Day transmit to the Rector, Vicar, or other Minister of such Parish or Chapelry, or his Curate, a Certificate of such Burial, and the Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry shall thereupon enter such Burial according to such Certificate in the Book kept pursuant to that Act for such Purpose: And whereas distinct Registers are by Law required to be kept in the Burial Grounds provided under the Burial Acts: The recited Enactment of the said Act of King George the Third shall not apply in any Case where the Ceremony of Burial is performed in a Burial Ground provided or to be provided under the Acts of Her Majesty herein-before recited and this Act, or any of them.

XVII. No

20*.& 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 81.

Burial Acts Amendment.

XVII. No Fees shall be charged or received by any Burial Board Fees for ini respect of any Service done or Right granted in the unconsecrated ?«rvice d<m* Portion of any Burial Ground provided by such Boards but such as secrated are identical in Amount with the Fees charged and received in respect g0r^n of of the same Service or Right in the consecrated Portion of such Ground to Ground, less any such Portion of such corresponding Fees or Pay- h identical ments which may be received for or on account of any Incumbent, Crated"* Churchwarden, Clerk, or Sexton, or of any Trustee for or on behalf Portion, of any Incumbent, Churchwarden, Clerk, or Sexton.

XVIII. So much of Section Twenty of the firstly herein-before recited So much of Act as requires " that there shall be paid in every Year, in addition to " the Interest of the Money borrowed and unpaid, not less than One c. 85. as to " Twentieth of the Principal Sum borrowed, until the whole is dis- Pay60* of " charged," shall be repealed, and the Provisions of the other Acts borrowed herein-before recited to which the said Section has been extended repealed, shall be construed accordingly.

XIX. The Clauses of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with Clauses of respect to Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be c^iVwtth* incorporated with this Act, and shall apply to Mortgages and other respect to Securities to be executed by Burial Boards; and for the Purposes ^corporated of this Act the Expression " the Commissioners " where used in

the Said Clauses shall mean the Burial Board acting in the Execution of the said Clauses and the Acts herein-before recited or this Act.

XX. Provided always, That for the Purpose of providing a Sinking Sinking Fund for paying off the Principal Money borrowed on Mortgages granted under any of the said Acts or this Act, the Burial Board paying off shall once in every Year set aside, out of the Monies charged by Mortgage*-such Mortgages, such Sum as they think proper, being a Sum equal

to or exceeding One Fiftieth Part of the Principal Money so borrowed.

XXI. Any Burial Board or Council of a Borough may, for the Power to Purpose of raising Money, instead of making Mortgages under any

of the said Acts, grant terminable Annuities for a Life or Lives, or for borrow any Number of Years not exceeding Thirty Years, to be paid out of the like Monies as provided with regard to the Monies secured by Annuities. such1 Mortgages.

XXII. Any Money required by the Council of any Borough for Power to the Purpose of defraying the Expense of executing the Acts herein-before recited, or any of them, or this Act, or for paying any Monies to make borrowed under such Act, or any Interest thereon, may be raised

by such Council, if they think fit, by means of a separate Rate, to Burial and be called a Burial Rate, to be charged upon all Property within such Expenses. Borough liable to be charged to the Borough Rate; and the Council of such Borough shall have all such Powers for making and levying 9 S such

Orders in Council may be issued, on Representation of Secretary of State, so as to prevent Vaults, &c. being dangerous to Health.

Trustees of closed Cemeteries empowered, with Sanction of Secretary of State, to let, lease, or sell Portions thereof which have not received Interments.

Burial Acts Amendment.

such Rate, and all Provisions shall be applicable in respect thereof, as in the Case of a Borough Rate made under the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six.

XXIII. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, upon the Representation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, from Time to Time to order such Acts to be done by or under the Directions of the Churchwardens or such other Persons as may have the Care of any Vaults or Places of Burial, for preventing them from becoming or continuing dangerous or injurious to the Public Health; and every such Order in Council shall be published in the London Gazette, and such Churchwardens or other Persons shall do or cause to be done all Acts ordered as aforesaid, and the Expenses incurred in and about the doing thereof shall be paid out of the Poor Rates of the Parish: Provided always, that no such Representation shall be made until Ten Days previous Notice of the Intention to make such Representation shall have been given to the Churchwardens or other Persons, or One of the Churchwardens or other Persons, having the Care of the Vaults or Places of Burial to which the Representation relates.

XXIV. In all Cases in which unconsecrated Land or Buildings is or are vested in a Trustee or Trustees, either under any Local Act or otherwise, for the Purposes of a Cemetery or Burial Ground, and Burials in such Cemetery or Burial Ground shall by Order in Council under the herein-before recited Acts or any of them have been ordered to be wholly or partially discontinued, it shall lie lawful for the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of such Cemetery or Burial Ground, from Time to Time, with the Sanction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to let, demise, or lease any Part or Parts in which no Interment shall have taken place of such Land or Buildings, and to renew or accept Surrenders of any Leases or Tenancies thereof, and to sell and absolutely dispose thereof for Money in gross, or for any perpetual or other Rent or Rents to be made payable thereout, and by Public Auction or Private Contract, and to sell all or any such perpetual or other Rent or Rents for Money in gross and in manner aforesaid, and for any of the Purposes aforesaid to make and execute any Contracts, Conveyances, Leases, or other Assurances, and to take any Measures and make any Arrangements which may be deemed expedient; and upon any such Lease or Sale as aforesaid a Grant or Conveyance by such Trustee or Trustees alone shall be a sufficient Assurance of the Property thereby purported to be leased or sold, and the Receipts of such Trustee or Trustees shall be effectual Discharges for the Monies therein expressed to have been received, and shall absolve any Lessee or Purchaser from having to see to or being answerable for the

Application

Burial Acts Amendment

Application of such Monies; and the net Monies to be received by such Trustee or Trustees under any of the preceding Powers shall be applied by them in discharge of any Incumbrances affecting such Cemetery or Burial Ground, and any Debts which such Trustee or Trustees may have properly incurred in their fiduciary Capacity; and any Residue of such Monies, shall, where such Land or Buildings shall have been held in trust for any Parish, be applied in such Manner, for the Benefit of such Parish, as the Vestry of such Parish shall direct; but where such Land or Buildings shall have been held in trust for the Benefit of private Persons, such Residue shall be divided by such Trustee or Trustees rateably among the Cestuisque Trusts; and it shall be lawful for such Trustee or Trustees so to apply any reserved Fund in his or their Hands.

XXV. Except in the Cases where a Body is removed from one Bodies no* consecrated Place of Burial to another by Faculty granted by mowd from the Ordinary for that Purpose, it shall not be lawful to remove any Burial Body, or the Remains of auy Body, which may have been interred in ^j^under any Place of Burial, without Licence under the Hand of One of Her Faculty, Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and with such Precautions as Lienee of such Secretary of State may prescribe as the Condition of such Secretary of Licence; and any Person who shall remove any such Body or Remains, State-contrary to this Enactment, or who shall neglect to observe the Precautions prescribed as the Condition of the Licence for Removal, shall, on summary Conviction before any Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. Where any Cemetery in which Burials have, by Order Burial in Council, under the herein-before recited Acts or any of them, been ordered to be discontinued, is adjoining or near to any Land Cases pur-appropriated or about to be appropriated by any Burial Board for Series wWch the Purposes of a Burial Ground, and appears to such Board eligible have been for the Purpose of appropriating or erecting Buildings for or making closed* Approaches to such Burial Ground, it shall be lawful for such Board, with the Approval of the Vestry or respective Vestries, to purchase such Cemetery; and where in the like Case any Cemetery has been so purchased before the passing of this Act, the Purchase thereof shall be deemed to have been lawful: Provided always, that, notwith- Orders In standing such Purchase, such Order in Council shall remain in full Force and Effect in relation to such Cemetery. force.

Resolutions,

XXVII. No Resolution or Proceeding of any Vestry, or Meeting &c. of Ves-in the Nature of a Vestry, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall be void or voidable by reason of reason of any Defect or Irregularity of or in Notice of such Vestry or Meeting,

or &c

Burial Arhendmmt.

or any other Error in Form in the calling of such Vestry or Meeting, or in the Proceedings thereat, unless Notice in Writing of such Defect or Irregularity or Error shall. have been given at such. Vestry or Meeting, or within Seven Days after the Day of the holding thereof, to the Churchwardens or other Persons to whom it belongs to call Meetings of such Vestry, or such Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, who shall thereupon call another Meeting for the Purpose of considering the previous Resolution or Proceeding or the Matter thereof; and no such Resolution and Proceeding made or taken at any such Vestry, or Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry, before the passing of this Act, which shall not have been objected to by Notice in Writing to such Churchwardens or Persons as aforesaid, shall be deemed invalid by reason of any such Defect, Irregularity, or Error.

" Bnrial Board."

XXVIII. In the Construction of this Act the Expression " Burial Board" shall mean a Burial Board constituted under the herein-before recited Acts or any of them, or under this Act.

Construction ' XXIX. That the Expression "Borough" whenever used in the Expressions sa^ Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her said used in Majesty shall be construed to include any City, Borough, Port, c787 18 Vict> Cinque Port, or Town Corporate named in the Schedules annexed to an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and to any City, Borough, Port, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate incorporated by Charter granted or to be granted in pursuance of that or any subsequent Act; and the Words " Town Council of any Borough," or " Council of any Borough," wherever used in the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her said Majesty, shall (as well with respect to all past as to future Proceedings under the same Act, and for the Purpose of confirming and making valid all such past Proceedings,) be construed to mean Town Council or Council of any City, Borough, Port, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate.

Recited Acte XXX. The herein-before recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

---

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to authorize the Embodying of the Militia.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS the sudden Demand for the Service in India of a large Body of Her Majesty's Regular Forces may render it expedient to draw out and embody the Militia or some Part of the Militia of the United Kingdom: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to Her Majesty, &c. to cause the Militia to be drawn out and embodied.]

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland respectively, at any Time after the passing of this Act, and before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, to cause all or any Part of the respective Militias in England, Scotland, and Ireland to be drawn out and embodied in like Manner as in the respective Cases in which such Militias are now by Law authorized to be drawn out and embodied.

[Provisions of Acts relating to the Militia extended to this Act.]

II. All the Provisions of the Acts relating to such respective Militias and of all other Acts now in force applicable for and in the Case of the drawing out and embodying of such Militias in the Cases

810 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 82.

Militia.

in which the same may now by Law be drawn out and embodied, and to such respective Militias when so embodied, shall be applicable for and in the Case of the drawing out and embodying of such respective Militias under the Authority of this Act, and to such Militias when so embodied; and all Militiamen ordered to be drawn out and embodied under this Act shall be subject to the same Obligations of Service in all respects as if they had been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in a Case now provided for by Law.

[Provisions requiring the meeting of Parliament within Fourteen Days not to apply.]

III. So much of the Acts relating to such Militias as requires that a Proclamation shall be issued for the meeting of Parliament (if the Militia be drawn out and embodied when Parliament shall be separated by an Adjournment or Prorogation which will not expire within Fourteen Days), shall not be applicable in the Case of the Militia or any Part thereof being drawn out and embodied under the Authority of this Act.

[Pay of Militia drawn out to commence from the Time appointed for their assembling.]

IV. The Pay of the Officers and Men of the Militia who may be drawn out under this Act shall commence from the Time appointed for their assembling or joining their respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and not from the Date of the Order or Warrant for drawing out such Militia, subject nevertheless to the Provisions for postponing the Commencement of such Pay in the Case of any Person in such Militia who may not join his Regiment, Battalion, or Corps on the Day appointed for that Purpose.

[Section 4. of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 13. (concerning Service of Notices) to apply to this Act.]

V. Section Four of the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirteen, shall extend to any Case of drawing out and embodying the Militia in England, or any Part of such Militia, under the Authority of this Act.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give additional Powers for the Suppression of the Trade in Obscene Books, Prints, Drawings, and other Obscene Articles: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Justices, &c. may authorize Search of suspected Premises.]

I. It shall be lawful for any Metropolitan Police Magistrate or other Stipendiary Magistrate, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint made before him or them upon Oath that the Complainant has Reason to believe, and does believe, that any Obscene Books, Papers, Writings, Prints, Pictures, Drawings, or other Representations are kept in any House, Shop, Room, or other Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Justices, for the Purpose of Sale or Distribution, Exhibition for Purposes of Gain, lending upon Hire, or being otherwise published

814 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 83.

Sale of Obscene Books, &c. Prevention.

for Purposes of Gain, which Complainant shall also state upon Oath that One or more Articles of the like Character have been sold, distributed, exhibited, lent, or otherwise published as aforesaid, at or in connexion with such Place, so as to satisfy such Magistrate or Justices that the Belief of the said Complainant is well founded, and upon such Magistrate or Justices being also satisfied that any of such Articles so kept for any of the Purposes aforesaid are of such a Character and description that the Publication of them would be a Misdemeanor, and proper to be prosecuted as such, to give Authority by Special Warrant to any Constable or Police Officer into such House, Shop, Room, or other Place, with such Assistance as may be necessary, to enter in the Daytime, and, if necessary, to use Force, by breaking open Doors or otherwise, and to search for and seize all such Books, Papers, Writings, Prints, Pictures, Drawings, or other Representations as aforesaid, found in such House, Shop, Room, or other Place, and to carry all the Articles so seized before the Magistrates or Justices issuing the said Warrant, or some other Magistrate or Justices exercising the same Jurisdiction; and such Magistrate or Justices shall thereupon issue a Summons calling upon the Occupier of the House or other Place which may have been so entered by virtue of the said Warrant to appear within Seven Days before such Police Stipendiary Magistrate or any Two Justices in Petty Sessions for the District, to show Cause why the Articles so seized should not be destroyed; and if such Occupier or some other Person claiming to be the Owner of the said Articles shall not appear within the Time aforesaid, or shall appear, and such Magistrate or Justices shall be satisfied that such Articles or any of them are of the Character stated in the Warrant, and that such or any of them have been kept for any of the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Magistrate or Justices, and he or they are hereby required, to order the Articles so seized, except such of them as he or they may consider necessary to be preserved as Evidence in some further Proceeding, to be destroyed at the Expiration of the Time herein-after allowed for lodging an Appeal, unless Notice of Appeal as hereinafter mentioned be given, and such Articles shall be in the meantime impounded; and if such Magistrate or Justices shall be satisfied that the Articles seized are not of the Character stated in the Warrant, or have not been kept for any of the Purposes aforesaid, he or they shall forthwith direct them to be restored to the Occupier of the House or other Place in which they were seized.

[Tender of Amends, &c.]

II. No Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding made or committed in the Execution of this Act, or in, under, or by virtue of any Authority hereby given, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 83. 815

Sale of Obscene Books, &c. Prevention.

by or on behalf of the Party who shall have committed such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Adjudication shall be had and made in and by such Court as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

[Limitation of Actions.]

III. No Action, Suit, or Information, or any other Proceeding, of what Nature soever, shall be brought against any Person for anything done or omitted to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Authorities under this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall be given by the Party intending to prosecute such Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, to the intended Defendant, One Calendar Month at least before prosecuting the same, nor unless such Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding shall be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Act or Omission complained of, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing such Damage shall have ceased.

[Appeal.]

IV. Any Person aggrieved by any Act or Determination of such Magistrate or Justices in or concerning the Execution of this Act, may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, or Place in and for which such Magistrate or Justices shall have so acted, giving to the Magistrate or Justices of the Peace whose Act or Determination shall be appealed against Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Grounds thereof, within Seven Days after such Act or Determination and before the next General or Quarter Sessions, and entering within such Seven Days into a Recognizance, with sufficient Surety, before a Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, or Place in which such Act or Determination shall have taken place, personally to appear and prosecute such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by such Court of Quarter Sessions or any Adjournment thereof, and the Court at such General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and shall make such Order therein as shall to the said Court seem meet; and such Court, upon hearing and finally determining such Appeal, shall and may, according to their Discretion, award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and if such Appeal be dismissed or decided against the Appellant or be not prosecuted, such Court may order

816 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 83.

Sale of Obscene Books, &c. Prevention.

the Articles seized forthwith to be destroyed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Appellant on the Hearing of any such Appeal to go into or give Evidence of any other Grounds of Appeal against any such Order, Act, or Determination than those set forth in such Notice of Appeal.

[Act not to extend to Scotland.]

V. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, with certain Alterations.

[25th August 1857.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales,

[3d Report, 28th Feb. 1856.]

in their Report to Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified (among other Schemes for the Application and Management of Charities) a Scheme for the College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, and such Scheme is set out in the Appendix to the said Report: And whereas it is expedient that the said Scheme, as the same, with certain Modifications thereof, is set out in the Schedule to this Act, shall take effect: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Scheme confirmed.]

I. The Scheme set out in the Schedule to this Act shall be established and take effect.

818 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

SCHEDULE.

Scheme for the Application and Management of the Charity called the College of God's Gift, in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey.

General Provisions.

[Present corporation dissolved.]

1. The existing incorporation of the above-mentioned Charity, by the name of the College of God's Gift, in Dulwich, or by any other name, shall be dissolved; and the several offices and places of the master, warden, and fellows, brothers, and sisters of the said college shall be abolished from and after the 31st December 1857, and no new appointment shall be made to any office or place in or under the Charity according to its present constitution, after the establishment of this scheme.

[Archbishop of Canterbury to continue visitor.]

---

2. The Charity, as reconstituted by this scheme, shall be called " Alleyn's College of God's Gift, at Dulwichand the Archbishop of Canterbury, and his successors, shall continue to be the visitors of the Charity, with the same authorities, rights, and privileges as heretofore, so far as the same shall not be inconsistent with this scheme.

Governors.

Elective governors.

Non-elective governors.

3. There shall be nineteen governors of the Charity, who shall be called "The Governors of Alleyn's College, at Dulwich," and who shall have the control and management of the Charity, and the estates and property thereof, from and after the said 31st day of December 1857. Eight of such governors, hereinafter called "The Elective Governors," shall be elected; and the remaining eleven, or non-elective governors, shall be appointed as herein-after provided.

4. The vestries of the parishes of Saint Botolph Without Bishopsgate, Saint Saviour Southwark, Saint Luke Middlesex, and Saint Giles Camberwell shall each elect two of the said eight elective governors respectively; and the first election shall be made before the expiration of the month of November 1857. And every subsequent election shall be made by the vestiy entitled to elect within three calendar months next after the occurrence of the vacancy requiring to be filled. Every elective governor shall be elected to hold office for a period of seven years, and shall be re-eligible at or subsequently to the determination of such period.

5. The non-elective governors shall be appointed by the Court of Chancery, upon application to be made to the same court by Her Majesty's Attorney General, either by petition or by summons before one of the judges of the said court sitting at chambers. And the first appointment of non-elective governors shall be made as soon as conveniently may be after the establishment of this scheme; and whenever the number of non-elective governors for the time being shall be reduced by the occurrence of vacancies to eight, three suitable persons shall be appointed by the said court, upon such application as aforesaid, so as to make up the full number of eleven non-elective governora

One of the non-elective governors to be appointed by the Court of Chancery shall be a resident inhabitant Of the township or hamlet of Dulwich, and shall be distinguished in his appointment as the " Dulwich Governor." And upon any vacancy in the office of the " Dulwich Governor "

for

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

for the time being, some other resident inhabitant of the same township, or hamlet shall be appointed by the said court to succeed to such vacancy whether the number of non-elective governors shall then have become reduced to eight or not; but nothing herein contained shall be construed as restraining the appointment of a larger number of non-elective governors from among residents in the said township or hamlet.

6. Death, resignation, bankruptcy, or insolvency, residence out of England, Vacancy in refusal or incapacity to act, or neglect to attend any meeting of the governors

for one year, shall respectively create a vacancy in the office of governor. The office of the Dulwich Governor shall also determine upon his ceasing to be resident in Dulwich.

7. All the real estate, of whatsoever tenure, and rights and privileges Charity estates vested in or held in trust for the said college, or any of the members thereof

as such, (subject to the subsisting leases and charges, if any, thereof,) and the the time being.

full benefit of all subsisting covenants, conditions, and securities made or entered into with or reserved to the said college, or any person or persons

in trust for the same college, and all the personal estate belonging to or held

in trust for the said college, or any of the members thereof as such, and the

right to sue for and recover all choses in action recoverable for the benefit

+of the college, or any such member as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said 31st day of December 1857, be vested in the said governors, and shall from time to time thereafter vest and continue vested in the governors of Alleyn's College at Dulwich for the time being, for the purposes and according to the provisions of this scheme, without any conveyance, assignment, or assurance; and the right to sue upon or enforce all or any covenants, conditions, or securities made, reserved, or contracted to or with the said college before its dissolution, or to or with any preceding governors of the said Charity for the benefit thereof, shall be exerciseable by and in the names of the governors for the time being, as fully and effectually as the same right might be exercised by such college if not dissolved, or by such preceding governors, if still retaining their office; and in the same manner all contracts and liabilities of the said college before its dissolution, or of any preceding governors for the time being of the Charity, may be enforced against the governors thereof for the time being, to the extent of the property or assets of the Charity, but not against their private estates.

8. Leases and other deeds and instruments for the letting or disposition of Execution of the Charity estate, or any part thereof, may be executed and made by any other instru-five of the governors for the time being on behalf and as the act of the whole mento *

of them, according to any order of the governors of the said Charity, made at

any regular meeting of their body, and shall have the same effect as if

executed by all the said governors; and the recital of any such order, contained in any deed or instrument by which any such lease or other disposition shall be effected, shall be prima facie evidence thereof upon any proceedings to which the parties to the same lease or instrument, or their respective successors in title, representatives, or assigns, shall be parties or a party.

9. The governors may from time to time appoint any four persons of Stock ©om-their number to be a stock committee, into whose names all stock belonging mlttee *

to the Charity may from time to time be transferred, and the dividends on all such stock shall be disposable by the governors for the time .being

Transfer of the administration of Charity and its funds to governors.

Allowances to present members of college.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

as part of the general income of the Charity. All or any sums of stock belonging to the Charity may also be transferred into the name of "The Official Trustees of Charitable Funds," in trust for the Charity under the provisions of "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," and " The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855."

10. The Charity shall continue to be managed and administered by the present governing body of the college until the said 31st day of December 1857 inclusive, and the accounts of the Charity shall be made up and finally balanced to that day. And there shall be paid to the master, warden, fellows, and poor brethren and sisters of the college respectively out of the current year's income a due proportion of the several annual or other payments to which they are respectively entitled under the present system of administration, to be calculated from the then last preceding day of payment up to the said 31st day of December 1857. And any surplus or balance of income which shall remain to the credit of the Charity after providing for and satisfying such proportion of the said several annual payments, and the requisite or proper expenses attending the management and administration of the Charity up to that time, and all trust funds held by the college, or by any of its members as such, in trust for any other charitable purposes, shall be paid and transferred on that day unto the governors to be appointed as provided by this scheme, or as they may direct, according to and to be held upon the subsisting trusts thereof.

11. There shall be paid by the governors to the present master, warden, fellows, and poor brethren and sisters of the college respectively, or to such of them as shall be living on the said 31st day of December 1857, during their respective lives, out of the income of the Charity, in lieu and full satisfaction of all present and future allowances, rights, and emoluments, the following

annual sums; that is to say, 

To the master, the sum of £ 1, 015

To the warden - - 855

To the first and second fellows each - - 500

To the third and fourth fellows each - - 466

To each of the poor brethren and sisters - - 150

The said allowances or annual sums shall commence from the said 31st day of December 1857, and shall be payable half-yearly, except the allowances to the poor brethren and sisters, which shall be paid monthly, or at such other periods as the governors may think fit, and shall be apportionable in cases of the death of any of the said recipients before or in the interval between any of the said half-yearly payments.

The allowance or annual sum payable to the warden shall, in the event of his surviving the master, be increased to 1, 015i. from the day of the master's decease; but the whole of the said allowances or annual sums shall abate in proportion in case and so often as the clear income of the Charity, after paying and providing for all necessary or proper outgoings and expenses of management, as well as the several payments and expenses directed or authorized by this scheme for the benefit or maintenance of the present poor scholars, and the college grammar school, and the servants and others attached to the present establishment, shall in any year or years prove insufficient to pay the same allowances or annual sums in full.

20° & 21° VICTORIA

Dulwich College.

12. Until the appointment of a chaplain as herein-after provided, the present first and other fellows of the said college shall respectively continue as heretofore to perform or provide for the performance of divine service in the chapel of the college, or in some other building to be appointed by the governors for that purpose, and to discharge the other spiritual duties heretofore and of right discharged by them respectively; but, save as aforesaid, the said master, warden, and fellows respectively shall from and after the said 31st day of December 1857 be exonerated from all obligation of residence in the said college, or the performance of any duties with respect to the Charity, and from all restriction against their respective marriages.

13. Until the establishment of a school in which the existing poor scholars shall be received and instructed, as contemplated by this scheme, and subject to the provisions herein contained, such poor scholars shall receive and enjoy the same instruction, maintenance, and other benefits, and shall also be entitled to the same apprenticeships and exhibitions to be respectively provided and paid out of the general income of the Charity, as such scholars respectively would have been entitled to receive and enjoy if this scheme had not been established.

14. Subject to the provisions of this scheme, and until the governors shall otherwise direct, the college grammar school may continue to be carried on as heretofore in the buildings hitherto used for such school; and the several stipends, allowances, and other payments which have been heretofore paid and allowed out of the income of the Charity for the purposes of such school may continue to be paid and allowed as heretofore; and upon the discontinuance of the said school the governors may, if they so think fit, pay to the master thereof, out of the general income of the Charity, such a reasonable gratuity or pension in consideration of his services as they may consider proper and expedient

15. The servants and attendants now employed in the college, upon their respective services being dispensed with in consequence of the provisions of this scheme, may respectively have any reasonable pensions or gratuities paid to them by the governors out of the income of the Charity, in such manner and subject to such conditions as the said governors shall think fit.

16. All pensions and exhibitions at present properly payable out of the income of the Charity shall continue to be paid to the present recipients thereof respectively during the tenure of their respective appointments, subject to the same rules and conditions as are now subsisting and applicable to the same respectively.

17. The governors may appoint a clerk and a receiver (who respectively shall be removable by them at their pleasure), or they may grant the offices of clerk and receiver to one person, and they may pay to the holder of each such office, out of the income of the Charity, any reasonable stipend or allowance as a remuneration for his services. Every receiver shall, before entering upon his office, give such security for the due performance of the duties thereof as the governors shall direct.

9 Y 18. It

Performance of divine service until appointment of chaplain.

Present poor scholars to receive instruction and other benefits as heretofore.

Provision as to college grammar school

Present servants and attendants may be pensioned.

Present pensions and exhibitions to be continued.

Clerk a Receiver.

Dade* of clerk.

Dade* of Receiver.

General meetings.

Special meetings.

Notice of meetings.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

18. It shall be the duty of the clerk, subject to the control and direction of the governors, to give notices of and to attend all meetings of the governors or committees of the governors, to enter and keep minutes of the proceedings at all such meetings, to keep the accounts, and to pay the bills of the Charity, to prepare and make out such statements of account relating to the Charity as the governors shall from time to time require, and to perform all such other duties appertaining to the office of clerk of the Charity as the governors shall direct.

19. The receiver, subject to the control and direction of the governors, shall exercise a general supervision over the Charity estates and property, and the lessees thereof, and shall collect and receive the rents and income, and shall submit to the governors, so often and at such times as shall be directed by them, a report as to the state and condition of the Charity estates, and also full and particular accounts of all rents, income, and monies collected or received on account of the Charity, and of all arrears due of such rents or income; and shall perform all such other duties appertaining to the office of receiver, in respect of the Charity and its property, as the governors shall reasonably direct. And unless the governors shall otherwise direct, all rents and incomes to be received by the receiver on account of the Charity shall, immediately upon the receipt thereof, be paid over by him to the bankers of the Charity to the credit of the Charity account.

20. There shall not be less than four meetings of the governors in every year, and such meetings shall be held on the Thursday fortnight after Lady Day, Midsummer Day, Michaelmas Day, and Christmas Day respectively, or upon such other days, being respectively within thirty days next after the said quarterly days as shall have been appointed by the governors at any preceding meeting, and the said governors shall have power to appoint all such other meetings as they shall think necessary. All meetings shall be held at the college, and at the hour of noon, unless the governors shall fix some other convenient place in Dulwich, and some other Convenient hour for holding the next or any other meeting. There shall also be a first general meeting of the governors, for the general purposes and business of the Charity, on the first day of January 1858.

21. Any three or more governors may require the clerk to convene a special meeting of the governors for any special object to be mentioned in such requisition, and the clerk shall thereupon give notice to each governor of the holding of such meeting, specifying the time, place, and object thereof; and no business shall be transacted at any special meeting, which shall not be specified or sufficiently indicated in the notice.

22. Notice shall be given by the clerk to every governor seven clear days at the least previously to a general meeting, and fourteen clear days at the least previously to a special meeting; and notice of every adjourned meeting, so far as the interval between the original and adjourned meetings will permit, shall be given in like manner immediately after the adjournment to all governors not present thereat, and every notice shall specify the place and the day and hour appointed for holding the meeting. All notices required to be given to any governor shall be in writing delivered to him, or sent by the post or otherwise to his usual place of residence.

23. There

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap 84.

Dulwich College.

23. There shall be a permanent chairman of the governors, who, whenever Permanent present, shall preside as chairman at all meetings of the governors, and who chairmap' shall hold office until he shall cease to be a governor, or shall resign, or

be appointed receiver, or be removed from being such chairman by a resolution passed at any special meeting of the governors to be convened for that purpose. The first permanent chairman shall be elected by the governors at their first meeting; and every subsequent permanent chairman shall be elected at some special meeting of the governors, to be held upon due notice after an interval of not less than twenty-eight days after the vacancy of the office.

24. Five governors shall form a quorum at any meeting; and so soon after Quorum of the time fixed for the holding of any meeting as a sufficient number of meeting^8* governors shall be present to form a quorum, in case the permanent chairman

shall be absent, or his office shall be vacant, the governors then present shall proceed to elect a deputy chairman, who, when so elected, shall preside as the chairman at such meeting.

25. The resolutions and proceedings of a majority of the governors present Resolutions of at any meeting shall be binding on the whole body; and no resolution or proceeding shall be subsequently revoked or altered, except at a special

meeting duly convened upon notice for that purpose. The chairman presiding at any meeting shall, in the event of an equality of votes, have in addition to his original vote a second or casting vote.

26. If after the space of one hour from the time appointed for holding any Adjournment meeting, a sufficient number of governors shall not be in attendance to form a meetinS8' quorum, the permanent chairman, or in his absence any governor then present, or the clerk if no governor be present, may adjourn the meeting to a subsequent day, not less than seven days distant. Any meeting may also be adjourned at any time by the chairman thereof upon a resolution for adjournment being adopted at such meeting.

27. The governors may at any time appoint three or more of Their body to Appointment of be a committee for the purpose of making any inquiry or superintending, or performing any specific acts or duties which in their judgment may be more conveniently referred to or delegated to such committee. The acts and proceedings of every such committee shall be reported to the governors from

time to time at their next meeting.

28. The governors shall provide and keep minute books, wherein shall be Minutes of entered the names of the governors attending each meeting, and minutes of proceedingt. all proceedings thereat, and of all other transactions of the governors relating to the Charity. The minutes of the proceedings at each meeting shall be signed by the chairman of the meeting, and countersigned .by the clerk.

29. The governors shall provide and cause to be kept proper account books, Accounts, wherein shall be regularly entered and kept full accounts of all receipts and payments on behalf of the Charity, and such other particulars as the governors

shall direct to be entered therein. All such accounts, and all accounts of the clerk and receiver, or other agents of the governors shall be examined, vouched, and audited half-yearly at the first general meeting after Midsummer Day and Christmas Day in every year, or at some adjournment of such meetings respectively, by one or more auditors, to be appointed for that purpose

by

Dulwich College.

by the governors, and shall be signed by the chairman and two at least of the other governors present at such meeting; and a statement or sufficient abstract of such accounts, together with a statement showing the number of the boys of each description at the respective schools, and the number of exhibitioners, and the other recipients of the Charity, shall be printed and delivered annually to each governor, and to the vestry clerk of each of the said four parishes, and to such other persons as the governors shall thirst fit

Banker*. 30. The governors shall from time to time appoint and employ bankers to

the Charity, or for the purposes thereof; and all payments of money on account of the Charity shall be made, as far as practicable, by means of cheques or orders drawn on such bankers, to be signed at some meeting of the governors by the chairman thereof and by one at least of the governors present thereat, and to be countersigned by the clerk.

Provision for 31. Such monies nevertheless as may from time to time be required for payment of the current expenses of the Charity may be paid or advanced pense*. by the governors for that purpose to the clerk or such other officer of the

Charity, and in such manner, as they may consider expedient; and every such officer shall render to the governors, or as they shall direct, full and exact accounts of all such monies received or expended by him.

Custody of documents.

Library.

32. The governors shall provide some suitable room or place of deposit in the college, wherein shall be deposited the deeds, vouchers, account books, and documents belonging to the Charity, with proper lists or schedules thereof; and the contents of s\ich room or place shall be examined by or under the direction of the governors at least once in each year; and such room or place shall be kept locked, and the keys thereof shall be kept in such secure custody, and under such regulations, as the governors shall from time to time prescribe.

33. The governors shall make suitable provision for the preservation and custody of t^e library belonging to the college, and shall appropriate annually, out of the income of the Charity, any sum not exceeding 100Z. for binding, and the purchase of books; and subject to the superior authority and directions of the governors, the master of the college shall have the immediate charge and management of the library, and may establish suitable regulations for access thereto, and for the use of the books by the masters and boys of either school herein-after mentioned, and the officers and members of the establishment, and other persons, and generally for the management thereof.

Chaplain, 34. There shall be one chaplain, to be styled " The Chaplain of Alleyn s

College of God's Gift at Dulwich," who shall be a duly qualified person in priests orders of the Established Church. The chaplain shall be appointed by the governors, who shall also have the power of removing him for neglect of duty, or other sufficient cause. The first appointment of a chaplain shall be made as soon as conveniently may be after the said 31st day of December 1857, and not later than the first general meeting to be held next after the 25th day of March 1858.

Chaplain's 35. A suitable residence shall be erected or appropriated and provided by

residence. the governors at the expense of the Charity for the use of the chaplain, and such residence shall be occupied by the chaplain for the time being and his

family

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwvch College.

family rent free, and shall be kept in substantial repair, and all rates and taxes thereon paid by the governors out of the general income of the Charity; and the chaplain shall reside in his official residence rent free, and shall not underlet or part with possession of the same, or any part thereof, and he shall not absent himself from residence without the permission of the governors or of the master of the college acting under their authority.

36. The chaplain shall perform divine service in the chapel attached to the Duties of college upon Sundays, and on such other days and at such time as the gover- chaplain* nors or the master of the college, with their sanction, shall from time to time direct, and he shall discharge such spiritual duties for the benefit of the several objects of the Charity as established by this scheme, and the several persons

for the time being belonging or attached thereto, as the governors or the master with their sanction shall authorize and direct, and also, so far as may be lawful and convenient, all such spiritual duties for the benefit of the township or hamlet of Dulwich, and the inhabitants thereof respectively, as have been heretofore commonly performed by the first or other fellows of the college.

37. In case an ecclesiastical district comprising the said township or hamlet Provision for of Dulwich shall hereafter be legally created, the chaplain, with the consent of the governors of the said Charity, may become the incumbent or minister district to of such district, subject and without prejudice to the performance of his duties chaplaincr-under this scheme.

38. The governors shall pay to the chaplain out of the general income of the Chaplain's Charity, by equal half-yearly payments, a clear annual stipend not exceeding stipend* 350Z. and not less than 250L

39. There shall be an organist for the purposes of the Charity, who shall Organist be appointed by the governors, and shall be removable by them at pleasure,

and who shall be paid such a reasonable annual salary out of the income of the Charity as the governors shall direct; and the duty of the organist shall be, subject to the control and direction of the master and the governors, to play the organ and generally to superintend the musical part of the services in the college chapel, and to instruct the boys in vocal music and choral singing at the schools herein-after constituted, or such of them as may be selected for that purpose by the master, and also such of the girls in the Dulwich girls school as herein-after provided. The governors may, if they so think fit, provide an official residence for the organist rent free out of the funds of the Charity.

40. The present chapel of the college shall continue to be appropriated and ChapeL used as a place of divine worship for the purposes of the Charity and its establishment, and also for the inhabitants of the township or hamlet of Dulwich, in the same manner and to the same extent as heretofore; and the governors may, if they think fit, declare any number of the sittings to be free,

or may require from any persons frequenting the chapel, and not being members of the Charity or its establishment, the payment of any reasonable sums by way of pew rent to be applied towards the expenses of such chapel, and the maintenance of the services thereof; provided that no such payment shall be required in respect of any pew or sitting in the chapel which shall 9 Z have

826 . 20° & 21° VICTORIA Cap. 84.

Dulrndh College.

have been annexed nr appropriated to any house in the township or hamlet of Dulwich under any agreement or resolution of the college during the continuance of the term or period for which such pew or sitting shall have been so annexed or appropriated. In case the present chapel shall at any time hereafter be found insufficient or unsuitable for the purposes of the Charity and for the inhabitants of the township or hamlet of Dulwich, it may either be altered or enlarged by the governors, or a new chapel in a convenient situation for the inmates of the college may be erected and fitted up by the governors upon a plan to be approved by the visitor; provided that in the construction of such new chapel arrangements shall be made for affording to the inhabitants of the township or hamlet of Dulwich an equal extent, of accommodation at least to that heretofore enjoyed by them in the present chapel of the college, having regard also to the probable or eventual increase of population in the said township or hamlet.

Governors may 41. Subject to the provisions of this scheme, the governors may from time to an?reguia-le8 ^me prescribe such reasonable rules and regulations as they may think expe-tior.8. dient for the internal government and conduct of the Charity and the establishment thereof as contemplated by this scheme, and of all officers and persons for the time being attached thereto or employed therein; and all such rules and regulations shall be observed by the persons affected thereby.

Three-fourths 42. The Charity with respect to its objects shall consist of two branches,

go"oeduM^et° hereafter respectively called "the Educational " and "the Eleemosynary" tional branch of branches; and the surplus annual income of the Charity, which shall remain on?fom*thu> after providing for and paying thereout the expenses of all necessary buildings, bi^tL*nary rePairs> and insurance, and all other requisite or proper outgoings and expenses of management, as well as the stipends and salaries, and several other payments herein-before authorized or directed to be paid, and the interest and instalments of any debt payable thereout, shall be divided by the governor^ annually into equal fourth parts; and three of such fourth parts shall be placed by them from time to time to the account of the educational branch/' of the Charity, and (subject to the provision next herein-after contained) shall be applied and expended for the purposes thereof as herein-after directed-; and the remaining one fourth part of such surplus income shall be placed by the said governors to the account of the eleemosynary branch of the Charity, and (subject to the said provision next herein-after contained) shall be applied and expended for the purposes thereof as herein-after also directed.

Surplus income 43. Provided nevertheless, that until the available surplus income of the to be^empo-1^ Charity shall be sufficient for accomplishing the whole purposes hereby pro-miiy accumu- vided for with respect to the said educational and eleemosynary branches of the Charity respectively, or for bringing the same into active and complete operation, the amount of such surplus income as aforesaid shall be invested by the governors from time to time in the public funds or other government securities in the name of the stock committee for the time being, and the dividends thereon shall also be received and invested by them in like manner, so as to form an accumulating fund, which shall be ultimately applicable for such or the like purposes as are hereby declared of the income whence the same shall have arisen, except that if and so for as the governors may from

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84. 827

Dulwich College.

time to time find the income for the time being sufficient for any partial accomplishment of such purposes respectively, it shall be lawful for them, with the sanction of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, to apply the same income, or any part thereof, to such partial purposes.

44. If any doubt or question shall arise amongst the governors or any of For explana-fhem as to the proper construction or application of any of the provisions of fication^ihii this scheme or the management of the Charity, application may be made by the scheme, governors to the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales for their opinion hnd advice thereon, which opinion and advice, when given, shall be binding on the governors; and any provision in this scheme which may require to be explained or more closely adapted to the circumstances for the time being of the Charity may be explained, and adapted accordingly, by an order either of the Court of Chancery or of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, to be made upon the application of the governors to the said Court or Board; and any provision in this scheme which shall be found inconvenient or objectionable may be modified accordingly by an order of the Court of Chancery, provided that no alteration shall be made by any such order involving a deviation from the main objects and principles of this scheme.

As to the Educational Branch of the Charity.

45. There shall be two schools, viz., an " Upper School," and a " Lower Two school* to School," which shall be Respectively established and maintained in the town- ^r^hcol ship or hamlet of Dulwich, out of the proportion of the income and funds of and a lower the Charity applicable to the educational branch thereof, subject and according to the provisions of this scheme.

46. The upper school shall be for the reception and instruction of boys as Upper school, foundation scholars and day boys, and may be carried on in the present

college buildings, which, for the purposes thereof, may be altered, enlarged, adapted, and fitted up by the governors, or, if necessary, new school buildings, with masters* residences, playgrounds, and appurtenances, may be erected, provided, and fitted up by them, according to any plan which shall be previously approved by the Board of Charity. Commissioners for England and Wales.

47. There shall be a head master of the said upper school, to be styled,

The Master of Alleyn's College of God's Gift at Dulwich," and who shall mLter. *f have the general control and superintendence of the educational branch of the Charity, subject to the superior authority of the Governors, to whom he shall be responsible for the conduct thereof. There shall also be an under master of the same school, and such master and under master respectively shall be appointed by the governors,

48. The master of the college, and the under master of the upper school, Qualification of

shall respectively be members of the Church of England, and graduates of one of under

the Universities of the United Kingdom, duly qualified to discharge the duties contemplated by this scheme; and the governors shall in all cases, previously

to appointing any master or under master, advertise for candidates, and require and receive testimonials and other evidence of qualification in such

manner

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

manner as they may deem expedient for securing the services of the most efficient and eligible persons.

Salaries of head 49. The governors shall pay by equal half-yearly payments, out of the

under master, income of the educational branch of the Charity, a fixed annual salary or stipend of 400?. to the master of the college, and of 250?. to the under master of the upper school, and also, in addition to such fixed salaries or stipends, a half-yearly payment or sum of 30s. to the master, and 10s. to the under master, for every boy exceeding the number of fifty, who shall have bona fide attended the said school for a period of not less than three calendar months during the then preceding half year.

Assistant 50. The master of the college, with the approbation of the governors, shall

t»^CTs.and be Uberty from ^me ^me appoint such assistant masters or teachers, and such professors, lecturers, and instructors, as may be requisite and proper for the purposes of the school; and every person so appointed shall hold office during the pleasure of the governors, and shall be paid out of the income of the educational branch of the Charity such a reasonable salary or remuneration as the governors shall appoint.

Qualifications 51. All boys between the ages of eight and fifteen years, whose parents or nex^ fr*en(^s sba^ be inhabitants of any of the said four parishes of Saint school Botolph, Saint Saviour, Saint Luke, and Saint Giles Camberwell, being

respectively of good character and conduct, and free from any infectious disease, and able to read and write, shall, to the extent of the accommodation afforded by the said upper school, be capable of being admitted thereto as day scholars, and of partaking of the benefits and advantages thereof, subject to the provisions of this scheme, and to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the governors consistently therewith; but no boy shall remain in the said school after he shall have attained the age of eighteen years. Subject to such rules and regulations as aforesaid, and subject to the right of preference in favour of boys from the four parishes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the governors, if they think it expedient, at any time, to order the admission to the said school of boys from other parishes also, provided that the accommodation afforded by the school buildings and the funds of the Charity shall be sufficient for that purpose.

Applications 52. Every application for admission to the upper school as a day scholar up^rwhool*0 sba^ be made in writing to the master of the college, in whom the power of admitting or rejecting applicants shall be vested in the first instance, subject to the revision and control of the governors in each case, and such applications shall be made in such form, and shall be accompanied by such testimonials and evidence of qualification, as the said master, with the sanction of the governors, shall from time to time require; and registers of the applications for admission, and also of the boys admitted to the school, specifying the respective dates of such applications and admissions respectively, and the residences of the boys, and such other particulars as the governors may direct or sanction, shall be kept by the said master, and shall be accessible to every governor.

Day boys^may 53. Any of the day boys attending the upper school may, with the consent taSSwlly of the governors, be admitted as day boarders upon the payment of such sums

as

- Dulwich College.

as the governors shall from time to time direct, and subject to such other reasonable regulations as they may prescribe.

54. There shall be so many foundation scholars in the upper school, not Foundation exceeding the number of 24 at one time, as shall be fixed and determined from ^hoc time to time by the governors, having regard to the amount of the income and resources of the educational branch of the Charity and the extent of accommodation afforded by the buildings, and the said foundation scholars shall be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, and shall hold their respective appointments during such periods and subject to such regulations and conditions as the governors may from time to time prescribe.

55. All boys belonging to any of the four parishes, either from the upper Election of school or the lower school hereafter constituted, between the ages of 12 and scholar*,

15 years, may offer themselves as candidates for appointment as foundation scholars in the upper school, subject and according to such regulations as the governors may from time to time prescribe; and the said foundation scholars

shall be elected and appointed by the governors from time to time from the candidates who shall be reported to them by the master of the college to be the most deserving, having regard to the examinations passed by such candidates respectively at the examinations herein-after directed to be held of the said schools, and to their respective characters and conduct: Provided that of the whole number of foundation scholars in the upper school not less than one third shall be so elected and appointed by examination from the foundation scholars of the lower school.

56. Subject to such regulations as shall from time to time be established or approved by the governors, the foundation scholars in the upper school shall during their continuance at the same school be lodged, boarded, clothed, educated, and maintained in all respects at the entire expense of the Charity, and the governors may, if they think fit, direct that such scholars shall wear a suitable cap or other mark of distinction.

57. The master of the college and the second master of the upper school shall not be at liberty to receive and board any private pupils in their respective residences.

58. The governors shall have the power of dismissing and expelling any boy from the upper school for any immorality, insubordination, misconduct, or other sufficient cause; and the master may immediately suspend any boy guilty of any such misconduct from further attendance at the school until the case can be reported to the governors and decided upon by them.

Foundation scholars to be clothed and maintained at the expense of the Charity.

Head master and second master not at liberty to receive and board any private pupils.

Suspension and expulsion of boys.

59. An annual sum or capitation fee to be fixed and determined from time Capitation fees, to time by the governors shall be paid by every boy attending the upper school, with the exception of the foundation scholars, and, until it shall be otherwise determined by the governors, the payment shall be according to the following scale; viz.: 

For every boy under the age of fourteen years:

If belonging to any of the four parishes aforesaid, 6/.

If not belonging to any of the same parishes, 87.

For every boy above the age of fourteen years:

If belonging to any of the four parishes aforesaid, 87.

If not belonging to any of the same parishes, 107.

10 A And

Application of capitation feet.

Instruction in upper school.

Discipline of school

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

And all such capitation fees shall be paid in advance to thfe governors, or to such person as they may appoint %to receive the same, in such half-yearly or other payments and at such times as the governors may direct; and the governors shall be at liberty in anjr special cases to vary the sum to be paid by any boy, or to remit the same either partially or entirely as a reward Of his superior merit, or on the ground of the greater poverty of his parents or next friends.

60. The annual amount of the capitation fees to be received from the boys as aforesaid shall be paid and applied by the governors as follows, viz., one moiety thereof shall be paid half-yearly to the master of the college, and one-fourth part thereof shall be paid half yearly to the under master of the upper school, in augmentation of their respective stipends, and the remaining one-fourth part thereof shall be applicable to the general purposes of the said school.

61. The instruction to be afforded in the upper school shall comprise, as far as may be 

The Principles of the Christian Religion and the Reading and Study of the Holy Scriptures;

English Literature and Composition;

The Greek, Latin, and modern Languages, and Literature;

History and Geography;

Writing and Vocal Music;

Mathematics, Algebra, Arithmetic, and Book-keeping;

Drawing and Designing, Practical Geometry and Mensuration, and the Principles of Civil Engineering;

Physics, Mechanics, Chemistry, and the Natural Sciences, especially with their applications to the Industrial and Practical Arts;

And generally such subjects as the governors shall from time to time prescribe for affording to the scholars a sound religious, moral, and useful education.

For the purposes of these several branches of instruction, the upper school may be divided into such departments or sections as the governors, or the master with their sanction, shall from time to time determine, and the buildings to be provided for or appropriated to the objects of the same school, and the fittings thereof respectively, shall be adapted to the same purposes accordingly.

The governors may also, out of the funds applicable to the educational branch of the Charity, from time to time provide such instruments, models, drawings, apparatus, and other requisites, and may employ either temporarily or otherwise such lecturers, professors, or teachers, as they shall think proper, and as the said funds shall be sufficient to provide for advancing or rendering more effective the instruction to be so given.

62. The course of instruction to be adopted in the upper school, and the hours of attendance, and the discipline and internal conduct and management thereof, and the holidays and vacations to be allowed therein, shall be under the direction and control of the master of the college, subject to such rules and regulations as the governors may from time to time approve.

SO0 & 21° VICTORIA, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

63. There shall be an. annual examination of the boys at the upper school Annual exami-at such time as shall be appointed by the governors, who shall appoint one or more suitable examiners, being respectively graduates of one of the Universities of the United Kingdom, to conduct such examination, and may pay such examiners respectively any reasonable sum for their trouble and expenses; and such examination shall take place in the presence of the governors, and of the master of the college, and the under master of the school, or such of them as can conveniently attend; and the churchwardens of the said four parishes, and such other persons as the governors or the master may think fit, shall be invited to attend the same; and suitable prizes may be provided and distributed by the governors upon every such examination to the boys who shall be reported to them by the master of the college as deserving the same.

64. Whenever the income and resources of the educational branch of the Not more thin Charity shall, in the judgment of the governors, permit, it shall be lawful for tions of loot the governors to establish and pay out of such income any number of exhibi- cach *

tions or scholarships, not exceeding eight in the whole, and not exceeding the amount of one hundred pounds per annum each; and such exhibitions or scholarships, when vacant, shall be open to the competition of all the boys at, the upper school at the annual examination aforesaid, and may be awarded by the governors to the boys who shall appear to be most deserving thereof, having regard to the result of the said examination, and to the general character and conduct of such boys respectively: Provided that no boy shall be eligible for such exhibition who has not for the period of two years immediately preceding been educated in the upper or lower school.

65. Each exhibition or scholarship shall be tenable for five years, or for Exhibitions any less period, to be determined by the governors; provided that the holder shall during his tenure thereof continue to be resident at one of the English Universities, or to be a bona fide student of some learned or scientific profession

or of the fine arts, with a view to the professional practice thereof, and shall continue to conduct himself with propriety and to the satisfaction of the governors.

66. The lower school shall be for the instruction and benefit of boys as Lower aehooL foundation scholars and day boys, and shall be established and carried on

in suitable buildings and premises, to be constructed or provided and fitted up for that purpose by the governors in Dulwich, according to a plan to be previously approved by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales; and the buildings of the present college grammar school may, if thought expedient, and subject to the like approval, be appropriated and altered, enlarged and fitted up, by the governors for the purpose of the said lower school.

67. There shall be a master of the lower school to be appointed by the Master of the governors, who shall be a member of the Church of England, duly qualified to loW6r #chooL discharge the duties contemplated by this scheme; and the governors, previously

to appointing any such master, shall advertise for candidates, and receive such testimonials and evidence of qualification as they may deem expedient for securing the services of the most efficient and eligible master.

Stipend to master of the lower school

Assistant masters or teachers.

Foundation scholars at lower school

Qualification of foundation scholars.

Election of foundation scholars.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

68. The master of the lower school shall be paid by the governors by half-yearly payments out of the income of the educational branch of the Charity a fixed annual stipend of 200Z., and also an additional half-yearly sum of 20s. for every boy exceeding the number of fifty who shall have bona fide attended the same school for a period of not less than three calendar months during the then preceding half-year.

69. The governors, upon the recommendation of the master of the college, may from time to time appoint such and so many persons as assistant masters, teachers, and instructors for the purposes of the lower school as in their opinion may be requisite or proper, having regard to the requirements of the same school, and the income and resources of the educational branch of the Charity; and every such person may be paid by the governors such a salary or remuneration as the governors may think proper, and every person to be so appointed shall hold office during the pleasure of the governors.

70. There shall be so many "foundation scholars" in the lower school as shall be fixed and determined from time to time by the governors, having regard to the amount of the income and resources for the time being of the educational branch of the Charity.

71. The foundation scholars at the lower school shall be appointed by the governors, and boys between the ages of eight and twelve years, of good character, free from infectious disease, and able to read and write, and being poor orphans having lost one or both parents, or in default of such then the children of poor deserving parents resident in any of the said several parishes of St. Botolph, St. Saviour, St. Luke, and St. Giles Camberwell, shall be eligible to be so appointed, but so that an equal number of the said foundation scholars shall be taken from each of the said parishes. The age up to which the foundation scholars may remain in the lower school may be fixed and determined from time to time by the governors, provided that no boy shall be allowed to remain as a foundation scholar in the same school after the age of sixteen years.

72. The foundation scholars at the lower school shall be elected from time to time from amongst boys duly qualified as aforesaid, upon an examination and inquiry to be instituted by the governors, or by a committee of not less than three of their number, to be appointed for that purpose; and every such election shall be held either at Dulwich or at the respective parishes from which the scholars are to be elected, and shall take place at such times and be subject to such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the said governors; and previously to every such election sufficient notice shall be given by the governors in such of the said parishes as may be interested therein, and in any manner and form which the governors may consider best calculated to ensure publicity, specifying the number of vacancies to be filled up, and the qualifications required from candidates, and the time and place at which the election will take place; and in making every such election the merits, qualifications, and claims of the candidates in regard to their respective proficiency, abilities, and general character, and the circumstances and character of their respective parents, shall be taken into due consideration by the governors.

73. The

Dulwich College.

73. The governors may appoint any fit and proper person to examine the Examination of candidates at every such election, and may pay to such person out of the candldatel* funds of the Charity any reasonable remuneration for his trouble and expenses,

or they may authorize the master of the lower school, or the master of the college, or the under master of the upper school to act as the examiner upon any such occasion gratuitously; and so far as conveniently may be, and subject to such regulations as the governors may prescribe, every such examination may be attended by all parishioners of the parish for which the election in question shall be held, and by any other persons whom the said governors may think fit or expedient to admit to attend the same.

74. The foundation scholars at the lower school shall be lodged and Foundation

boarded in suitable buildings attached to the same school, to be provided and dothed! edu^ fitted up by the governors for that purpose, and shall also be clothed, main- at

tained, and educated at the same school, at the entire expense of the Charity, expenae of

in accordance with such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Clianty-governors in that behalf.

75. Subject to the regulation and control of the governors, and to the Day boys at extent of accommodation afforded by the school, all boys above the age of

eight years, the children of the industrial or poorer classes resident in any of the foui* parishes aforesaid, being respectively of good character and able to read and write, and not suffering from any infectious disorder, shall be admissible to the lower school as day boys; but no such boy shall remain at the school after the age of sixteen years.

76. Every application for admission as a day boy to the lower school shall Application* be made to the master of the same school, who shall keep a register of all such ^day^boy^11 applications and of the boys admitted to the school, which register shall

always be open to the inspection of every governor and of the master of the college.

77. A capitation fee to be fixed by the governors from time to time, but Capitation fee *, not exceeding 5 s. a quarter for each boy under fourteen years of age, and 10s.

a quarter for each boy above that age, shall be paid by the parents or friends of every day boy attending the lower school to the governors, or to any person appointed by them to receive the same; but the governors may in particular cases, if they see fit, as a reward of superior meric, or on the ground of the poverty of any boy or his friends, or for sufficient special reasons, excuse the payment of such capitation fees either wholly or in part. All such capitation fees shall be paid in advance quarterly, or at such other times as the governors may direct, and shall be paid and applied by the governors as follows, viz., one moiety of the amount thereof shall be paid half-yearly to the master of the lower school in augmentation of his stipend, and the remaining moiety shall be applied towards increasing the stipend or remuneration of the assistant masters or teachers of the said school respectively (if any), or for the general purposes of the same school, as the governors in their discretion shall think fit.

78. Any of the day boys attending the lower school may, with the consent Proyfeion for of the governors, be admitted as day boarders, and may thereupon be boarded

10 B with

Instruction in lower school

Suspension and expulsion of boys.

Provision for the general superintendence and discipline of lower school

20° & 21 VICTORIA, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

with the foundation scholars of the same school upon the payment of such a sum for defraying the expense as the governors may from time to time direct, and subject to such other reasonable regulations as they may prescribe.

79. The instruction to be given in the lower school shall comprise, as far as may be 

The Principles of the Christian Religion, and the Reading and Study of the Holy Scriptures;

Spelling, Reading, and Writing;

English Grammar and Composition, and the Latin and moderh

Languages;

General History and Geography;

, Vocal Music; v

Arithmetic, Algebra, Mathematics, and the Elements of Practical Geometry and of Mensuration;

Elementary Instruction in the Laws of Physics, Mechanics, Chemistry, and the Natural Sciences;

Elementary Freehand and Mechanical Drawing.

The instruction in these subjects shall bear especially on their application to the Industrial Arts, and to them may be added such subjects.as the governors shall from time to time prescribe for affording to the scholars a sound religious, moral, and useful education, adapted to their probable occupations or stations in life.

For the purposes aforesaid the lower school may be divided into such departments or sections as the governors, or the master with their sanction, shall from time to time determine, and the buildings to be provided for or appropriated to the objects of the same school, and the fittings thereof shall be adapted to the same several purposes accordingly.

The governors may also from time to time, for the benefit of the lower school, make any such provision for promoting or rendering more effectual the instruction to be given therein, and particularly in any branches of physical or mechanical science as are authorized to be made by them for the benefit of the upper school for the like purposes, so far as in their judgment such provision shall be required, and the funds of the educational branch of the Charity properly applicable to this purpose will permit.

80. The boys at the lower school shall be liable to dismissal and expulsion by the governors for any breach of the rules of the school, or for theft, immorality, insubordination, or misconduct, or other sufficient cause. And upon the occurrence of any such offence or occasion, the master of the same school shall report the same to the master of the college) who shall have power to inquire into the same, and if he shall so think fit to suspend the offender from further attendance at the school, until the case shall have been reported by him to the governors, and decided upon by them.

81. The discipline and course of instruction to be adopted at the lower school, and the internal regulation and management thereof, shall be committed to the master of the same school, subject, nevertheless, to the general superintendence and direction of the master of the college, who shall be at liberty at

all

Dulwich College.

all times to visit and inquire into the state and condition of the said lower

school, and shall, at least once in each year, make a report thereon to the governors, and subject also to the orders and regulations of the governors.

82. There shall be an annual examination of the boys at the lower school at Annual exa-such time as shall be appointed by the governors, who shall appoint some fit minatio, L and proper examiner to conduct such examination, and may pay to him any reasonable remuneration for his trouble and expenses; and such examination

shall take place in the presence of the governors, and of the masters of the upper and lower schools, or such of them as can conveniently attend, and the churchwardens of the said four parishes, and such other persons as the governors or the master of the college may from time to time think fit, shall be invited to attend the same. With the approbation of the governors, either the master of the college or the second master of the upper school may act as the examiner at any such annual examination gratuitously.

83. The governors may yearly, upon the occasion of such examination as Prixe* and last aforesaid, distribute suitable prizes, to be provided out of the income and

funds of the educational branch of the Charity, among the boys at the lower school who shall be found to be most deserving thereof, having regard to the results of the said examination and to the general character and conduct of such boys, according to a report thereof to be made to the governors by the master of the college in concurrence with the master of the lower school; and the governors'may also yearly, upon the occasion of such annual examination, award and pay out of the same income and funds, to or for the benefit of a limited number of such boys as last aforesaid who shall be then leaving the schqol (but not exceeding the number of six in the whole during any one year), a gratuity or sum not exceeding 401, in each case for the purpose of apprenticing or advancing such boys respectively in the world in such manner and subject to such conditions and regulations as the governors may prescribe:

Provided that one third at least of the boys receiving such benefit shall be taken . every year from the most deserving of the foundation scholars of the lower school, if a sufficient number of the foundation scholars should be then leaving the school.

84. Whenever the income and resources of the educational branch of the Exhibition* or Charity shall in the judgment of the governors permit, any number of exhibi- fa?

tions or scholarships, not exceeding twelve in the whole, and not exceeding school, the amount of 40£. per annum each, may be awarded and paid by the said governors out of such income to or for the benefit of such boys as herein-after mentioned upon their leaving the lower school, and any such exhibition or scholarship shall be tenable by the boy to whom it shall be so awarded for a period not exceeding four years from the time of his leaving the school, provided that he shall continue to conduct himself with propriety and to the satisfaction of the governors; but no more than three such exhibitions or scholarships shall be awarded or filled up in any one year.

85. The said exhibitions or scholarships to the extent of the disposable Ccmp?tttU«

1 1 for stun exbu

vacancies for the time being therein shall be open to the competition of all bitiom. boys at the lower school (as well foundation scholars as day boys) at the annual examination for the same schools, and shall be awarded by the governors to the boys who shall be found to be most deserving thereof,

Masters to reside in and not to underlet their residences.

Masters not to have other employments.

Declaration to be signed by masters on entering into office.

Removal of masters.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

Laving regard to the result of the said examination, and to the general character and conduct of the boys, according to a report to be made to the governors by the master of the college in concurrence with the master of the lower school; but no boy shall be entitled to or receive any such exhibition or scholarship in addition to a gratuity for his apprenticeship or advancement as aforesaid: Provided also, that no boy shall be eligible for such exhibition or scholarship who has not for the period of two years immediately preceding been educated in the said lower school.

86. Suitable residences, with all proper fittings and appurtenances, shall be provided by the governors for the persons holding the respective offices of master of the college and under master and master of the said upper and lower schools, and the same persons respectively shall reside in their respective official residences rent-free, and shall have the occupation and use thereof in respect of their official character and duties, and not as tenants, and shall, if removed from office, deliver up possession of their said respective residences at such time and to such person as the governors may require or direct; and no master shall underlet or permit any person, except himself and his family, to occupy his official residence or any part thereof. The said official residences, with their respective appurtenances, shall be kept in proper repair, and all rates and taxes thereon shall be paid by the governors out of the income of the Charity.

87. The master of the college and the under master and master of the said upper and lower schools respectively shall give their whole time and personal attention to the duties of their respective offices, and shall not respectively during their respective tenure of office accept or hold any benefice having the cure of souls, or any office or appointment which in the opinion of the governors may interfere with the proper performance of their respective duties under this scheme.

88. The master of the college and the under master and master of the said upper and lower schools respectively, previously to entering into office under the provisions of this scheme, shall respectively sign a declaration to be entered in the minute book of the governors, which may be in the following form, or as near thereto as conveniently may be, i.e.: 

" I, declare, That I will always to the best

" of my ability discharge the duties of during my tenure

" of that office according to the provisions of the scheme for the regulation of " Alleyn's College of God's Gift at Dulwich, and that in case I shall be " removed from my office by the governors according to the provisions of the same scheme, I will acquiesce in such removal, and will thereupon relinquish " all claim to such office and its future emoluments, and upon any such " removal, or upon any avoidance of my office, possession of my official residence with its appurtenances may be forthwith taken by the governors, or - any person appointed by them to take possession of the same."

89. The master of the college, and the under master of the upper school, and the master of the lower school respectively, shall be liable to be removed from their respective offices by the resolution of the governors present at a special meeting, to be called for the express purpose of considering the expediency of such removal upon a requisition of at least three governors, provided that the

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

resolution for such removal shall be carried at such meeting by at least two-thirds of the governors, present, and that the number of governors voting for the removal shall not be less than seven, and provided that the notice of meeting shall in this special case have been given to every governor by the space of at least one calendar month previously to the holding thereof, and that notice thereof shall have been also given in like manner by the same space previously to the master whose removal shall be proposed, and that such resolution shall be entered on the minutes and signed by the governors voting for the same.

90. The master of the college, and the under master of the upper school, and the master of the lower school, shall also respectively be removable by the governors under the provisions of "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," and the governors may assign to any master or under master, upon his removal under this or the last foregoing clause, or upon his retirement, such a reasonable annual allowance by wpy of retiring pension, to be paid out of the income of the educational branch of the charity, as the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales shall sanction.

91. Any master of the college, and any under master or master of the said upper and lower schools respectively, who may die, resign, or be removed from office under the provisions of this scheme in the interval between any two half-yearly days of payment, shall respectively be entitled to a due proportion of his salary or stipend, and of the portion of capitation fees, if any, payable to him under the provisions of this scheme from the previous half-yearly day of payment thereof up to the day of his death, resignation, or removal.

92. Prayers taken from the Liturgy of the Church of England, or of which the form shall have been approved by the visitor, shall be said daily in each of the said schools when the same shall meet. The religious instruction in both the schools shall be in accordance with the doctrines of the Church of England, and shall be given under the general direction of the master of the college to all boys, except that instruction in the Church Catechism, or in any distinctive doctrines of the Church of England, shall not be given to boys whose parents, or persons standing in loco parentis (being respectively persons not in communion with that church), shall state in writing to the master of the college that they object to such last-mentioned instruction upon conscientious grounds; and all the boys, except those last aforesaid, shall also attend divine service at the chapel of the college on Sundays, and on such other days and at such times as may be directed by the master of the college, subject to the approbation of the governors. The exemption from attending divine service at the chapel of the college on Sundays may also be extended by the governors or the master, if found necessary or convenient, to any day boys attending the schools from other places than Dulwich; but care shall be taken, as far as possible, that all boys who shall, by virtue of the said exception, be exempted from attendance at the said chapel as aforesaid, shall regularly attend some other place of religious public worship on Sundays.

93. Every establishment which may be set up by any person or persons for Boarding the purpose of lodging or boarding boys at the upper or lower school shall be e8toWishment under the superintendence of the master of the college, subject to any rules

and regulations which may be made by the governors.

10 C 94. The

Removal of head and under masters.

Masters'salaries apportionable in case of death, &c.

Provision as to the religious instruction.

Attendants and servant!.

Present poor scholars to be admitted os foundation scholars.

lYeference in favour of inhabitants of Dulwich for admission to schools.

Schools to be subject to Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools.

Provision for increase of number of foundation scholars and exhibitioners.

Surplus

income.

Almspeople.

Dulwich College.

94. The governors may appoint from time to time such attendants and servants as may be found to be required for any of the purposes of the said respective schools at such reasonable salaries to be paid out of the income of the educational branch of the Charity as the governors may think fit, and may remove any such attendants and servants at pleasure.

95. The present poor scholars at the college, or such of them (if any) as may retain their respective appointments when this scheme shall come into operation, shall be entitled to be admitted in the first instance as foundation scholars either at the upper or lower schools as the governors may determine and direct in each case.

96. In the appointment or admission of boys from the parish of Camberwell to either of the said schools, under any of the provisions of this scheme, boys being the children of resident inhabitants of the township or hamlet of Dulwich, and being otherwise duly qualified for appointment or admission, shall always be entitled to and have a preference, casteris paribus, over boys being the children of persons resident in any other part of the said parish of Camberwell. Provided nevertheless, that the preference hereby given shall take effect and be acted upon in those cases only where the merits and qualifications of the respective candidates for appointment or admission independently of their place of residence shall be equal in the judgment of the governors, whose decision in case of any dispute or difference as to the application or effect of this provision shall be conclusive upon all parties.

97. The schools shall respectively be subject to inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools.

98. It shall be lawful for the governors from time to time, with the sanction of the Court of Chancery or the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, to be obtained upon application to such Court or Board, to increase the number of foundation scholars or exhibitioners at or from both or either of the said schools to such an extent as the amount of the income and resources of the educational branch of the Charity for the time being, and other circumstances, may render proper and expedient.

99. The annual surplus income (if any) of the educational branch of the Charity which shall not be applied or required for the purposes herein-before expressed, shall be invested by the governors from time to time in the public funds or other Government securities, in the names of the stock committee or in the name of the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, and the dividends and income to arise from such investments shall be applicable as part of the income of the educational branch of the Charity.

As to the Eleemosynary Branch.

100. There shall be such a number of almspeople belonging to the Charity as shall be determined by the governors from time to time, having regard to the amount of income available for the support of the ellemosynary branch of the Charity, and the extent of accommodation afforded by the buildings to be erected for that purpose according to this scheme; but the number of such almspeople for whom accommodation shall be provided by the governors in the first instance shall not exceed twenty-four.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

101. Suitable residences with gardens, if the same can be conveniently Residences for attached to them, and all necessary and proper fittings and conveniences, shall almspeople. be erected or appropriated and provided by the governors for the reception

and accommodation of the said almspeople upon the Charity estate if practicable, or elsewhere at Dtilwich, and according to plans to be approved by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales.

102. The present poor brethren and sisters belonging to the Charity, or any Provision for of them, who may continue to hold their respective appointments after the ^l^rpre* 31st day of December next, shall be entitled to be placed, in the first brethren and instance, in the residences to be erected or appropriated and fitted up in accordance with the provisions of this scheme; and until sufficient residences

shall be erected and fitted up for such poor brethren and sisters, and in case of and from and after their removal from the college, the governors shall provide them with fit residences or make such other provision for their location and domiciles as shall be just and expedient.

103. One half of the almspeople shall be poor men to be called "Brethren/' Qualification of and the other half of such almspeople shall be poor women to be called

u Sisters," and both classes shall be selected, so far as practicable, from among respectable persons, either married or single, who shall have fallen from better circumstances into indigence, and who shall be of the age of sixty years or upwards; and the said almspeople shall always be chosen and appointed from among residents in the said four parishes of Saint Botolph Without Bishopsgate, Saint Saviour Southwark, Saint Luke Middlesex, and Saint Giles Camberwell, respectively, in the proportion of one-fourth of the whole number of such almspeople from each of the said several parishes respectively.

104. The right of appointing the almspeople shall be vested in the governors, Appointment but for the purpose of every such appointment the vestry of the parish from &lmsPeoPle-which the appointment is to be made shall submit to the governors the names

of three persons duly qualified aforesaid as candidates, with all proper information and evidences as to their qualification, condition, character, and circumstances, and so far as regards the candidates to be so submitted from the parish of Camberwell, having due regard to the preference herein-after reserved in favour of persons resident in the township or hamlet of Dulwich, and one of such candidates, if found duly qualified and eligible, shall thereupon be selected and appointed by the governors to fill the vacancy; but the governors may, if and so often as they shall think fit, on the ground of disqualification, or any other reasonable cause to be assigned by them, reject all or any of the three candidates to be so submitted to them for the purpose of any such appointment, and require other candidates to be submitted to them as aforesaid, in the respective places of any so rejected. In any case of the refusal or omission of the vestry to submit to the governors the names of proper candidates within twenty-eight days next after a notification made to them or to their clerk by order of the governors of a vacancy to be filled, or next after the rejection by the governors according to the preceding provision of any candidates or candidate for the said vacancy, the governors shall be at liberty to appoint any duly qualified person to fill such vacancy.

105. The

Dulwich College.

Weekly allow- 105. The almspeople, during the tenure of their respective appointments, people!0 almS" s^ia^ have the use and occupation of their respective residences, together with such fittings and furniture (if any), as may be provided by the governors, rent free, and a weekly stipend to be fixed and determined from time to time by the governors, but not exceeding twenty shillings per week, shall be paid to each almsperson out of the income of the eleemosynary branch of the Charity.

Chaplain to have supervision of almspeople.

106. The chaplain of the college, subject to the superior authority and direction of the governors, shall have the immediate supervision and control of the almspeople, and shall take care that proper discipline and order is observed by them, and he shall half-yearly or more frequently report to the governors as to the state and condition of the almspeople and the eleemosynary branch of the Charity generally.

Pensioners. 107. Whenever the income of the eleemosynary branch of the Charity, after providing for the establishment and maintenance of twenty-four almspeople, shall be sufficient for the following purpose, the governors shall appoint from time to time as out-pensioners any number of persons not exceeding the number of almspeople for the time being, and not exceeding thirty-two in the whole. The number of such pensioners of either sex shall, so far as possible, be equal; and so far as may be convenient and practicable the several provisions herein contained with regard to the qualification of the said almspeople, and the proportion of the whole number to be appointed from the poor of each of the said four parishes respectively, and the mode of their election and appointment, and the tenure of their appointments, shall be applicable to the pensioners contemplated by this provision, except that such pensioners shall be eligible after the age of fifty years. The governors may pay to each pensioner during the tenure of his or her appointment, out of the last-mentioned income, a weekly or other periodical sum at the rate of ten shillings per week.

Removal and 108. The governors shall have the power of removing and dismissing any

almsperson or pensioner for disqualification, immorality, insubordination, misconduct, or other sufficient cause, and the master of the college may at any time suspend any almsperson or pensioner guilty of any such misconduct from the receipt of any allowance or benefit from the Charity until the case can be reported to the governors and decided upon by them.

Preference in favour of Dulwich for appointment as almspeople and pensioners.

109. In the appointment of any almsperson or pensioner from among residents in the parish of Camberwell under the provisions of this scheme, poor persons resident in the said township or hamlet of Dulwich, being otherwise duly qualified as required by this scheme, shall always be entitled to and have a preference, caeteris paribus, over poor persons resident in other parts of the said parish, and the nominations to be made by the vestry of the said parish of Camberwell shall in all cases be made in accordance with this provision; provided nevertheless, that the preference hereby given shall take effect and be acted upon in those cases only where the qualifications and claims of the respective candidates in accordance with this scheme, independently of their place of residence, shall be equal according to the judgment of the governors, whose decision in case of any dispute or difference as to the application or effect of this provision shall be conclusive as between all parties.

110. The

Dulwich College.

110. The annual surplus income (if any) of the eleemosynary branch of the Surplus in-Charity which shall not be applied or required for the purposes herein-before come* expressed, or any of them, shall be invested by the governors from time to time in the public funds or other Government securities, in the names of the stock committee or in the name of the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, and the dividends and income to arise from such investments shall be applicable as part of the income of the eleemosynary branch of the Charity.

As to the Pictures and other minor Foundations.

111. Provision shall be made by the governors, with the sanction of the Provision for

President and Council of the Royal Academy, for the preservation and custody of

of the collection of pictures and other works of art bequeathed to the college by picture *, the respective wills of Sir Peter Francis Bourgeois and Margaret Desenfans,

and all accretions or additions (if any) to such collection, in the present gallery, and, if necessary, in some additional gallery to be erected or otherwise provided for the purpose at the College at Dulwich, and subject to such regulations for making the same accessible to the public, and for other purposes, as the governors, with the like sanction or approval, may determine or direct.

112. All sums of stock, securities for money, and other property vested in Endowments or held by the college, or any person or persons in trust for the custody or preservation of the said pictures or works of art, or for any object or purpose connected therewith, or so much thereof as shall not have been already vested

in the said governors by virtue of the provisions herein-before contained, shall be transferred to the governors hereby established, or to any four persons of their number to be appointed by them for that purpose, or as to such stock to the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, and shall be placed by the governors to a separate account, to be called "The Picture Gallery Endowment Account," and the same stock, securities, and premises, and the dividends and income arising therefrom, shall be applicable primarily to the purposes of placing, preserving, and guarding the said pictures and works of art, but such purposes may include the erection, providing, appropriation, and fitting of any additional gallery which may be erected or provided in pursuance of the foregoing provision, and of keeping the same in repair. In case the services of the present curator and doorkeeper of the picture gallery, or of either of them, shall be dispensed with by the governors, a suitable yearly allowance or pension shall be assigned to them respectively during their respective lives, in consideration of their past services, such respective allowances or pensions to be paid, by the governors half-yearly out of the income of the Picture Gallery Endowment.

113. The annual surplus income (if any) arising from the said Picture Surplu* income Gallery Endowment shall be applied by the governors in or towards providing instruction in drawing or designing for the boys at the two schools constituted ment* by this scheme, and until so applied shall be accumulated and invested as part of the surplus income of the said educational branch of the Charity.

114. The sum of 6662. 13a. 4d.9 31. per cent, reduced Bank Annuities, John Whit-bequeathed by John Whitfield, Esquire, by his will dated the 24th of April fleldsgift '

10 D 1826,

James Allen's gift, or Dulwich girls' school

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 84.

Dulwich College.

1826, to the master and warden of the said College and their successors, upon trust to lay out the interest thereof annually in bread and potatoes, or other necessaries, and distribute the same in the months of December, January, and February in each year unto and among such twenty poor widows in the hamlet of Dulwich as the said master and warden should in their discretion consider most to stand in need of such assistance, and in proportion to the number of their respective families and wants, together with all accretions or additions, if any, to such bequest, shall be transferred to the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, in trust for John Whitfields Charity, Dulwich; and the chairman for the time being of the governors, and the master, and the chaplain for the time being of Alleyns College of God's Gift at Dulwich as hereby constituted, shall be the trustees for the management and distribution of the said last-mentioned charity, and the income thereof shall be paid over from time to time to such trustees, or any one or more of them, in order that the same may be applied and distributed by them, or the majority of them, in accordance with the trusts declared by the said will.

115. The rents, dividends, and income arising from the estates and other property constituting the endowment of the school founded by James Allen, by indenture dated on or about the 31st of August 1741, for the benefit of the children of poor persons resident in the town of Dulwich, or within one mile thereof, and all accumulations of income and other funds belonging to the said endowment, shall be placed by the governors to a separate account, to be called "The Dulwich Girls' School Account." The chairman for the time being of the governors and the master and the chaplain for the time being of the said college shall be the trustees for the administration of the said last-mentioned school, which shall be established and carried on as a school for the instruction of girls being the children of poor persons resident in the hamlet of Dulwich and its immediate vicinity, subject to such regulations as may be prescribed by the said trustees, or the majority of them, with the sanction of the said Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales; and the organist of the college shall instruct in vocal music and choral singing such girls in the said school as the trustees may select; and the rents and income arising from the said endowment shall be paid over to the said trustees in trust for the purposes of the same school, and the governors of the said college shall be at liberty to appropriate in perpetuity a suitable piece of land out of the college estate as a site for school buildings for the said last-mentioned school, and any accumulations which have been already made, or may hereafter be made, out of the rents or income of the said endowment, may be applied by the said trustees in or towards erecting and fitting up suitable buildings for the purposes of the said school.

ANNO VICESIMO & VICESIMO PRIMO

VICTORIE REGINA.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act. to amend the Law relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England.

[28th August 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Divorce, and to constitute a Court with exclusive Jurisdiction in Matters Matrimonial in England, and with Authority in certain Cases to decree the Dissolution of a Marriage: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act shall come into operation on such Day, not sooner than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, as Her Majesty shall by Order in Council appoint, provided that such Order be made One Month at least previously to the Day so to be appointed.

II. As soon as this Act shall come into operation, all Jurisdiction now exerciseable by any Ecclesiastical Court in England in respect of Divorces a Mensdet Thoro, Suits of Nullity of Marriage, Suits 10 E of

[Commencement of Act.]

Jurisdiction in Matters Matrimonial now vested in Ecclesiastical Courts to cease.

The Court may enforce Decrees or Orders made before this Act comes into operation.

As to Suits pending when this Act comes into operation.

Power to Judges whose Jurisdiction is determined to deliver written Judgments.

Jurisdiction over Causes Matrimonial to be exercised by the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Cuuses.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

of Jactitation of Marriage, Suits for Restitution of Conjugal Rights, and in all Causes, Suits, and Matters Matrimonial, shall cease to be so exerciseable, except so far as relates to the granting of Marriage Licences, which may be granted as if this Act had not been passed.

III. Any Decree or Order of any Ecclesiastical Court of competent Jurisdiction which shall have been made before this Act comes into operation, in any Cause or Matter Matrimonial, may be enforced or otherwise dealt with by the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes herein-after mentioned, in the same Way as if it had been originally made by the said Court under this Act.

IV. All Suits and Proceedings in Causes and Matters Matrimonial which at the Time when this Act comes into operation shall be pending in any Ecclesiastical Court in England shall be transferred to, dealt with, and decided by the said Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes as if the same had been originally instituted in the said Court.

V. Provided, That if at the Time when this Act comes into operation any Cause or Matter which would be transferred to the said Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes under the Enactment hereinbefore contained shall have been heard before any Judge having Jurisdiction in relation to such Cause or Matter, and be then standing for Judgment, such Judge may at any Time within Six Weeks after the Time when this Act comes into operation give in to One of the Registrars attending the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes a written Judgment thereon signed by him; and a Decree or Order, as the Case may require, shall be drawn up in pursuance of such Judgment, and every such Decree or Order shall have the same Force and Effect as if it had been drawn up in pursuance of a Judgment of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes on the Day on which the same was delivered to the Registrar, and shall be subject to Appeal under this Act.

VI. As soon as this Act shall come into operation, all Jurisdiction now vested in or exerciseable by any Ecclesiastical Court or Person in England in respect of Divorces d Mensa et, Suits of Nullity of Marriage, Suits for Restitution of Conjugal Rights, or Jactitation of Marriage, and in all Causes, Suits, and Matters Matrimonial, except in respect of Marriage Licences, shall belong to and be vested in Her Majesty, and such Jurisdiction, together with the Jurisdiction conferred by this Act, shall be exercised in the Name of Her Majesty

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Majesty in a Court of Record to be called "The Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes."

VII. No Decree shall hereafter be made for ft Divorce a Mensd No Decree

et T/ioro, but in all Cases in which a Decree for a Divorce d Mensd Mens'Iet

et Thoro might now be pronounced the Court may pronounce a Thoro to be

Decree for a Judicial Separation, which shall have the same Force b^e '

and the same Consequences as a Divorce a Mensd et Thoro now has. a Judicial

Separation.

VIII. The Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court Judges of the of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common

Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Senior Puisne Judge for the Time being in each of the Three last-mentioned Courts, and the Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Probate constituted by any Act of the present Session, shall be the Judges of the said Court.

IX. The Judge of the Court of Probate shall be called the Judge Ordinary of the said Court, and shall have full Authority, either alone or with One or more of the other Judges of the said Court, to hear and determine all Matters arising therein, except Petitions for the dissolving of or annulling Marriage, and Applications for new Trials of Questions or Issues before a Jury, Bills of Exception, Special Verdicts, and Special Cases, and, except as aforesaid, may exercise all the Powers and Authority of the said Court.

Judge of the Court of Probate to be the Judge Ordinary, and shall have full Authority, &c.

X. All Petitions, either for the Dissolution or for a Sentence of Petitions for Nullity of Marriage, and Applications for new Trials of Questions or Issues before a Jury, shall be heard and determined by Three or riage, &c. to more Judges of the said Court, of whom the Judge of the Court of bjr

Probate shall be One. Judges.

XI. During the temporary Absence of the Judge Ordinary, the Who to act Lord Chancellor may by Writing under his Hand authorize the Master of the Rolls, the Judge of the Admiralty Court, or either of sence of the the Lords Justices, or any Vice-Chancellor, or any Judge of the ^ary6 Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, to act as Judge Ordinary of the said Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the Master of the Rolls, the Judge of the Admiralty Court, Lord Justice, Vice-Chancellor, or Judge of the Superior Courts, shall, when so acting, have and exercise all the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority which might have been exercised by the Judge Ordinary.

XII. The Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes shall hold Sittings of its Sittings at such Place or Places in London or Middlesex or the Court '

elsewhere

Seal of the Court

Officers of the Court.

Power to Advocates, Barristers, &c. of Ecclesiastical and Superior Courts to practise in the Court.

Sentence of Judicial Separation may be obtained by Husband or Wife for Adultery,

&c«

Application for Restitution of Conjugal Rights or Judicial Separation may be made by Husband or Wife by Petition to Court, &c.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

elsewhere as Her Majesty in Council shall from Time to Time appoint.

XIII. The Lord Chancellor shall direct a Seal to be made for the said Court, and may direct the same to be broken, altered, and renewed, at his Discretion; and all Decrees and Orders, or Copies of Decrees or Orders, of the said Court, sealed with the said Seal, shall be received in'Evidence.

XIV. The Registrars and other Officers of the Principal Registry of the Qouvt of Probate shall attend the Sittings of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and assist in the Proceedings thereof, as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders under this Act.

XV. All Persons admitted to practise as Advocates or Proctors

respectively in any Ecclesiastical Court in, and all Barristers,

Attornies, and Solicitors entitled to practise in the Superior Courts at Westminster, shall be entitled to practise in the Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes; and such Advocates and Barristers shall have the same relative. Rank and Precedence which they now have in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, unless and until Her Majesty shall otherwise order.

XVI. A Sentence of Judicial Separation (which shall have the Effect of a Divorce d Mensd et Thorunder the existing Law, and such other legal Effect as herein mentioned,) may be obtained, either by the Husband or the Wife, on the Ground of Adultery, or Cruelty, or Desertion without Cause for Two Years and upwards.

XVII. Application for Restitution of Conjugal Rights or for Judicial Separation on any one of the Grounds aforesaid may be made by either Husband or Wife, by Petition to the Court, or to any Judge of Assize at the Assizes held for the County in which the Husband and Wife reside or last resided together, and which Judge of Assize is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Petition, according to the Rules and Regulations which shall be made under the Authority of this Act; and the Court or Judge to which such Petition is addressed, on being satisfied of the Truth of the Allegations therein contained, and that there is no legal Ground wrhy the same should not be granted, may decree such Restitution of Conjugal Rights or Judicial Separation accordingly, and where the Application is by the Wife may make any Order for Alimony which shall be deemed just: Provided always, that any Judge of Assize to whom such Petition shall be presented may refer the same to any of Her Majesty's Counsel or Serjeant at Law named in the Commission

849

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

sion of Assize or Nisi Prius, and such Counsel or Serjeant shall, for the Purpose of deciding upon the Matters of such Petition, have all the Powers that any such Judge would have had by virtue of this Act or otherwise.

XVIII. For the Purpose of hearing and deciding all Applications under the Authority of this Act, the Judge of Assize or Person nominated by him as aforesaid shall be entitled to avail himself of the Services of all Officers, and use and exercise all Powers and Authorities, which the Court of Assize may employ, use, and exercise for the Determination of Causes and other Matters now usually heard and decided by them respectively, and the said Judge of Assize or other Person shall also for the Purpose have and be entitled to exercise all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the Court for the hearing and deciding Applications made to it, and also the Powers hereby given to the Court to make Provision touching the Custody, Maintenance, and Education of Children; and every Order made by any Judge of Assize or other Person under the Authority of this Act may, on the Application of the Person obtaining the same, be entered as an Order of the Court, and when so entered shall have the same Force and Effect, and be enforced in the same Manner, as if such Order had been originally made by the Court.

XIX. The Court shall from Time to Time fix and regulate the Fees which shall be payable upon all Proceedings under any Application to a Judge of Assize under this Act; and such Fees shall be received in Money, for their own Benefit, by the Persons to whom or for whose Use the same shall be directed to be paid.

XX. Any Order so entered as aforesaid may be reviewed, and either altered or reversed on Appeal to the Judge Ordinary of the Court, but such Appeal shall not stay the intermediate Execution of the Order, unless the Judge Ordinary shall so direct, who shall have Power, if such Appeal be dismissed or abandoned, to order the Appellant to pay to the other Party the full Costs incurred by reason of such Appeal.

XXI. A Wife deserted by her' Husband may at any Time after such Desertion, if resident within the Metropolitan District, apply to a Police Magistrate, or if resident in the Country to Justices in Petty Sessions, or in either Case to the Court, for an Order to protect any Money or Property she may acquire by her own lawful Industry, and Property which she may become possessed of, after such Desertion, against her Husband or his Creditors, or any Person claiming under him; and such Magistrate or Justices or Court, if satisfied of

10 F the

Powers of Judges of Assiz8 for Purposes of deciding Applications under Authority of this Act.

The Court to regulate Fees on Proceedings before Judges, &c.

Orders may be reviewed.

Wife deserted by her Husband may apply to a Police Magistrate or Justices in Petty Sessions for Protection.

850 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial.

the Fact of such Desertion, and that the same was without reasonable Cause, and that the Wife is maintaining herself by her own Industry or Property, may make and give to the Wife an Order protecting her Earnings and Property acquired since the Commencement of such Desertion, from her Husband and aU Creditors and Persons claiming under him, and such Earnings and Property shall belong to the Wife as if she were a Feme Sole: Provided always, that every such Order, if made by a Police Magistrate or Justices at Petty Sessions, shall, within Ten Days after the making thereof, be entered with the Registrar of the County Court within whose Jurisdiction the Wife is resident; and that it shall be lawful for the Husband, and any Creditor or other Person claiming under him, to apply to the Court, or to the Magistrate or Justices by whom such Order was made, for the Discharge thereof: Provided also, that if the Husband or any Creditor of or Person claiming under the Husband shall seize or continue to hold any Property of the Wife after Notice of any such Order, he shall be liable, at the Suit of the Wife (which ' she is hereby empowered to bring), to restore the specific Property,

and also for a Sum equal to double the Value of the Property so seized or held after such Notice as aforesaid: If any such Order of Protection be made, the Wife shall during the Continuance thereof be and be deemed to have been, during such Desertion of her, in the like Position in all respects, with regard to Property and Contracts, and suing and being sued, as she would be under this Act if she obtained a Decree of Judicial Separation.

Court to act on Principles of the Ecclesiastical Courts.

XXII. In all Suits and Proceedings, other than Proceedings to dissolve any Marriage, the said Court shall proceed and act and give Relief on Principles and Rules which in the Opinion of the said Court shall be as nearly as may be conformable to the Principles and Rules on which the Ecclesiastical Courts have heretofore acted

and given Relief, but subject to the Provisions herein contained and to the Rules and Orders under this Act.

Decree of Separation obtained during the Absence of Husband or Wife may be reversed.

XXIII. Any Husband or Wife, upon the Application of whose Wife or Husband, as the Case may be, a Decree of Judicial Separation has been pronounced, may, at any Time thereafter, present a Petition to the Court praying for a Reversal of such Decree on the Ground that it was obtained in his or her Absence, and that there was reasonable Ground for the alleged Desertion, where Desertion was the Ground of such Decree; and the Court may, on being satisfied of the Truth of the Allegations of such Petition, reverse the Decree accordingly, but the Reversal thereof shall not] prejudice or affect the Rights or Remedies which any other Person would have had in case such Reversal had not been decreed, in respect of any Debts,

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85. 85]

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Contracts, or Acts of the Wife incurred, entered into, or done between the Times of the Sentence of Separation and of the Reversal thereof.

XXIV. In all Cases in which the Court shall make any Decree Court may or Order for Alimony, it may direct the same to be paid either to the jJ^40fay" Wife herself or to any Trustee on her Behalf, to be approved by the Alimony to Court, and may impose any Terms or Restrictions which to the Court may seem expedient, and may from Time to Time appoint a new Trustee, if for any Reason it shall appear to the Court expedient so to do.

XXV. In every Case of a Judicial Separation the Wife shall, from the Date of the Sentence and whilst the Separation shall continue, be considered as a Feme Sole with respect to Property of every Description which she may acquire or which may come to or devolve upon her; and such Property may be disposed of by her in all respects as a Feme Sole, and on her Decease the same shall, in case she shall die intestate, go as the same would have gone if her Husband had been then dead; provided, that if any such Wife should again cohabit with her Husband, all such Property as she may be entitled to when such Cohabitation shall take place shall be held to her separate Use, subject, however, to any Agreement in Writing made between herself and her Husband whilst separate.

In case of Judicial Separation the Wife to be considered a Feme Sole with respect to Property she may acquire, &c .;

XXVI. In every Case of a Judicial Separation the Wife shall, also, for whilst so separated, be considered as a Feme Sole for the Purposes Contract and of Contract, and Wrongs and Injuries, and suing and being sued in suing, any Civil Proceeding; and her Husband shall not be liable in respect of any Engagement or Contract she may have entered into, or for any wrongful Act or Omission by her, or for any Costs she may incur as Plaintiff or Defendant; provided, that where upon any such Judicial Separation Alimony has been decreed or ordered to be paid to the Wife, and the same shall not be duly paid by the Husband, he shall be liable for Necessaries supplied for her Use; provided also, that nothing shall prevent the Wife from joining, at any Time during such Separation, in the Exercise of any joint Power given to herself and her Husband.

XXVII. It shall be lawful for any Husband to present a Petition to the said Court, praying that his Marriage may be dissolved, on the Ground that his Wife has since the Celebration thereof been guilty of Adultery; and it shall be lawful for any Wife to present a Petition to the said Court, praying that her Marriage may be dissolved, on the Ground that since the Celebration thereof her Husband has been guilty of incestuous Adultery, or of Bigamy with

Adultery,

On Adultery of Wife or Incest, he. of Husband, Petition for Dissolution of Marriage may be presented.

As to " Incestuous Adultery."

Adulterer to be a Co-Respondent

Cause may be tried by a Jury.

Court to be 8atis(led of Absence of Collusion.

Dismissal of Petition.

Power to Court to pronounce Decree for dissolving Marriage.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Adultery, or of Rape, or of Sodomy or Bestiality, or of Adultery coupled with such Cruelty as without Adultery would have entitled her to a Divorce a Mensa et Thoro, or of Adultery coupled with Desertion, without reasonable Excuse, for Two Years or upwards; and every such Petition shall state as distinctly as the Nature of the Case permits the Facts on which the Claim to have such Marriage dissolved is founded: Provided that for the Purposes of this Act incestuous Adultery shall be taken to mean Adultery committed by a Husband with a Woman with whom if his Wife were dead he could not lawfully contract Marriage by reason of her being within the prohibited Degrees of Consanguinity or Affinity; and Bigamy shall be taken to mean Marriage of any Person, being married, to any other Person during the Life of the former Husband or Wife, whether the Second Marriage shall have taken place within the Dominions of Her Majesty or elsewhere.

XXVIII. Upon any such Petition presented by a Husband the Petitioner shall make the alleged Adulterer a Co-Respondent to the said Petition, unless on special Grounds, to be allowed by the Court, he shall be excused from so doing; and on every Petition presented by a Wife for Dissolution of Marriage the Court, if it see fit, may direct that the Person with whom the Husband is alleged to have committed Adultery be made a Respondent; and the Parties or either of them may insist on having the contested Matters of Fact tried by a Jury as herein-after mentioned.

XXIX. Upon any such Petition for the Dissolution of a Marriage, it shall be the Duty of the Court to satisfy itself, so far as it reasonably can, not only as to the Facts alleged, but also whether or no the Petitioner has been' in any Manner accessory to or conniving at the Adultery, or has condoned the same, and shall also inquire into any Counter-charge which may be made against the Petitioner.

XXX. In case the Court, on the Evidence in relation to any such Petition, shall not be satisfied that the alleged Adultery has been committed, or shall find that the Petitioner has during the Marriage been accessory to or conniving at the Adultery of the other Party to the Marriage, or has condoned the Adultery complained of, or that the Petition is presented or prosecuted in collusion with either of the Respondents, then and in any of the said Cases the Court shall dismiss the said Petition.

XXXI. In case the Court shall be satisfied on the Evidence that the Case of the Petitioner has been proved, and shall not find that the Petitioner has been in any Manner accessory to or conniving at

the

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

the Adultery of the other Party to the Marriage, or has condoned the Adultery complained of, or that the Petition is presented or prosecuted in collusion with either of the Respondents, then the Court shall pronounce a Decree declaring such Marriage to be dissolved: Provided always, that the Court shall not be bound to pronounce such Decree if it shall find that the Petitioner has during the Marriage been guilty of Adultery, or if the Petitioner shall, in the Opinion of the Court, have been guilty of unreasonable Delay in presenting or prosecuting such Petition, or of Cruelty towards the other Party to the Marriage, or of having deserted or wilfully separated himself or herself from the other Party before the Adultery complained of, and without reasonable Excuse, or of such wilful Neglect or Misconduct as has conduced to the Adultery.

XXXII. The Court may, if it shall think fit, on any such Decree, Alimony, order that the Husband shall to the Satisfaction of the Court secure

to the Wife such gross Sum of Money, or such annual Sum of Money for any Term not exceeding her own Life, as, haying regard to her Fortune (if any), to the Ability of the Husband, and to the Conduct of the Parties, it shall deem reasonable, and for that Purpose may refer it to any one of the Conveyancing Counsel of the Court of Chancery to settle and approve of a proper Deed or Instrument to be executed by all necessary Parties; and the said Court may in such Case, if it shall see fit, suspend the pronouncing of its Decree until such Deed shall have been duly executed; and upon any Petition for Dissolution of Marriage the Court shall have the same Power to make interim Orders for Payment of Money, by way of Alimony or otherwise, to the Wife, as it would have in a Suit instituted for Judicial Separation.

XXXIII. Any Husband may, either in a Petition for Dissolution Husband of Marriage or for Judicial Separation, or in a Petition limited to such Object only, claim Damages from any Person on the Ground of his from Adul-having committed Adultery with the Wife of such Petitioner, and terers* such Petition shall be served on the alleged Adulterer and the

Wife, unless the Court shall dispense with such Service, or direct some other Service to be substituted; and the Claim made by every such Petition shall be heard and tried on the same Principles, in the same Manner, and subject to the same or the like Rules and Regulations as Actions for Criminal Conversation are now tried and decided in Courts of Common Law; and all the Enactments herein contained with reference to the Hearing and Decision of Petitions to the Court shall, so far as may be necessary, be deemed applicable to the Hearing and Decision of Petitions presented under this Enactment; and the Damages to lie recovered on any such Petition shall^in all Cases be 10 G ascertained

Power to Court to order Adulterer to pay Costs.

Power to Court to make Orders as to Custody of Children.

Questions of Fact may be tried before the Court.

Where a Question is ordered to be tried a Jury may be summoned as in the Common Law Courts.

Rights to Challenge.

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury, although the Respondents or either of them may not appear; and after the Verdict has been given the Court shall have Power to direct in what Manner such Damages shall be paid or applied, and to direct that the whole or any Part thereof shall be settled for the Benefit of the Children $f any) of the Marriage, or as a Provision for the Maintenance of the Wife.

XXXIV. Whenever in any Petition presented by a Husband the alleged Adulterer shall have been made a Co-Respondent, and the Adultery shall have been established, it shall be lawful for the Court to order the Adulterer to pay the whole or any Part of the Costs of the Proceedings.

XXXV. In any Suit or other Proceeding for obtaining a Judicial Separation or a Decree of Nullity of Marriage, and on any Petition for dissolving a Marriage, the Court may from Time to Time, before making its final Decree, make such interim Orders, and may make such Provision in the final Decree, as it may deem just and proper with respect to the Custody, Maintenance, and Education of the Children the Marriage of whose Parents is the Subject of such Suit or other Proceeding, and may, if it shall think fit, direct proper Proceedings to be taken for placing such Children under the Protection of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVI. In Questions of Fact arising in Proceedings under this Act it shall be lawful for, but, except as herein-before provided, not obligatory upon, the Court to direct the Truth thereof to be determined before itself, or before any One or more of the Judges of the said Court, by the Verdict of a Special or Common Jury.

XXXVII. The Court, or any Judge thereof, may make all such Rules and Orders upon the Sheriff or any other Person for procuring the Attendance of a Special or Common Jury for the Trial of such Question as may now be made by any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and may also make any other Orders which to such Court or Judge may seem requisite; and every such Jury shall consist of Persons possessing the like Qualifications, and shall be struck, summoned, balloted for, and called in like Manner, as if such Jury were a Jury for the Trial of any Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Juryman so summoned shall be entitled to the same Rights, and subject to the same Duties and Liabilities, as if he had been duly summoned for the Trial of any such Cause in any of the said Superior Courts; and every Party to any such Proceeding shall be entitled to the same Rights as to Challenge and otherwise as if he were a Party to any such Cause.

855:

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

XXXVIII. When any such Question shall be so ordered to be tried such Question shall be reduced into Writing in such Form ais the Court shall direct, and at the Trial the Jury shall be sworn to try the said Question, and a true Verdict to give thereon according to the Evidence1; and upon every such Trial the Court or Judge shall have the same Powers, Jurisdiction, and Authority as any Judge of any of the said Superior Courts sitting at Nisi Prius.

Such Question to be reduced into Writing, and a Jury to be sworn to try it.

Judge to have same . Powers as ai Nisi Prius.

XXXIX. Upon the Trial of any such Question or of any Issue' under Bill of Ex-this Act a Bill of Exceptions may be tendered, and a General or Special sp^aT' Verdict or Verdiots, subject to a Special Case, may be returned, in Verdict, and like Manner as in any Cause tried in any . of the said Superior Courts; Special Case, and every such Bill of Exceptions, Special Verdict, and Special Case respectively shall be stated, settled, and sealed in like Manner as in any Cause tried in any of the said Superior Courts, and where the Trial shall not have been had in the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes shall be returned into such Court without any Writ of Error or other Writ; and the Matter of Law in every such Bill of Exceptions, Special Verdict, and Special Case shall be heard and determined by the full Courts, subject to such Right of Appeal as is herein-after given in other Cases.

XL. It shall be lawful for the Court to direct One or more Court may Issue or Issues to be tried in any Court of Common Law, and-either tlj^any1*8 before a Judge of.Assize in any County or at. the Sittings for the Trial Fact, of Causes in London or Middlesex, and either by a Special or Common Jury, in like Manner as is now done by the Court of.Chancery.

XLI. Every Person seeking a Decree of Nullity of Marriage, Affidavit in or a Decree of Judicial Separation, or a Dissolution of Marriage, pe^|^of 4 or Decree in a Suit of Jactitation of Marriage, shall, together with the Petition or other Application for the same, file an Affidavit verifying the same so ffcr as he or she is able to do so, and stating that there is not any Collusion or Connivance between the Deponent and the other Party to the Marriage.

XLII. Every such Petition shall be served -on the Party to be Service of affected thereby, either within or without Her Majesty's Dominions; Petition-in such Manner as the Court shall by any General or .Special Order from Time to Time' direct, and for that Purpose the Court shall have all the Powers conferred by any Statute on the Court of Chancery: Provided always, that the said Court may dispense with such Service altogether in case it shall seem necessary or expedient so to do.

XLIII. The

Examination

XLIII. The Court may, if it shall think fit, order the Attendance of Petitioner. of Petitioner, and may examine him or her, or permit him or her

to be examined or cross-examined on Oath on the Hearing of any Petition, but no such Petitioner shall be bound to answer any Question tending to show that he or she has been guilty of Adultery.

Adjournment

XLIV. The Court may from Time to Time adjourn the Hearing of any such Petition, and may require further Evidence thereon, if it shall see fit so to do.

Court may order Settlement of Property for Benefit of innocent Party and Children of Marriage.

XLV. In any Case in which the Court shall pronounce a Sentence of Divorce or Judicial Separation for Adultery of the Wife, if it shall be made appear to the Court that the Wife is entitled to any Property either in possession or reversion, it shall be lawful for the Court, if it shall think proper, to order such Settlement as it shall think reasonable to be made of such Property or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the innocent Party, and of the Children of the Marriage, or either or any of them.

Mode of taking Evidence.

XLVI, Subject to such Rules and Regulations as may be established as herein provided, the Witnesses in all Proceedings before the Court where their Attendance can be had shall be sworn and examined orally in open Court: Provided that Parties, except as herein-before provided, shall be at liberty to verify their respective Cases in whole or in part by Affidavit, but so that the Deponent in every such Affidavit shall, on the Application of the opposite Party or by Direction of the Court, be subject to be cross-examined by or on behalf of the opposite Party orally in open Court, and after such Cross-examination may be re-examined orally in open Court as aforesaid by or on behalf of the Party by whom such Affidavit was filed.

Court may

XLVII. Provided, That where a Witness is out of the Jurisdiction

issue Com- of Court, or where, by reason of his Illness or from other missions or J

give Orders Circumstances, the Court shall not think fit to enforce the Atten-

for Exsmi- (jance of the Witness in open Court, it shall be lawful for the nation of L,

Witnesses Court to order a Commission to issue for the Examination of such nnfthili to Witness on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, or if the Witness attend. be within the Jurisdiction of the Court to order the Examination of such Witness on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, before any Officer of the said Court, or other Person to be named in such Order for the Purpose; and all the Powers given to the Courts of Law at Westminster by the Acts of the Thirteenth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-three, and of the First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-two, for enabling the Courts of Law at

---

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85. 857

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Westminster to issue Commissions and give Orders for the Examination of Witnesses in Actions depending in such Courts, and to enforce such Examination, and all the Provisions of the said Acts, and of any other Acts for enforcing or otherwise applicable to such Examination and the Witnesses examined, shall extend and be applicable to the Court and to the Examination of Witnesses under the Commissions and Orders of the said Court, and to the Witnesses examined, as if such Court were One of the Courts of Law at Westminster, and the Matter before it were an Action pending in such Court.

[Rules of Evidence in Common Law Courts to be observed.]

XLVIII. The Rules of Evidence observed in the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster shall be applicable to and observed in the Trial of all Questions of Fact in the Court.

[Attendance of Witnesses on the Court.]

XLIX. The Court may, under its Seal, issue Writs of Subpoena or Subpoena duces tecum, commanding the Attendance of Witnesses at such Time and Place as shall be therein expressed; and such Writs may be served in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland; and every Person served with such Writ shall be bound to attend, and to be sworn and give Evidence in obedience thereto, in the same Manner as if it had been a Writ of Subpoena or Subpoena duces tecum issued from any of the said Superior Courts of Common Law in a Cause pending therein, and served in Great Britain or Ireland, as the Case may be: Provided that any Petitioner required to be examined, or any Person called as a Witness or required or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition under or for the Purposes of this Act, shall be permitted to make his solemn Affirmation or Declaration instead of being sworn in the Circumstances and Manner in which a Person called as a Witness or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition would be permitted so to do under the "Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," in Cases within the Provisions of that Act.

[Penalties for false Evidence.]

L. All Persons wilfully deposing or affirming falsely in any Proceeding before the Court shall be deemed to be guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties attached thereto.

[Costs.]

LI. The Court on the Hearing of any Suit, Proceeding, or Petition under this Act, and the House of Lords on the Hearing of any Appeal under this Act, may make such Order as to Costs as to such Court or House respectively may seem just: Provided always, that there shall be no Appeal on the Subject of Costs only.

858 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

[Enforcement of Orders and Decrees.]

LII. All Decrees and Orders to be made by the Court in any Suit, Proceeding, or Petition to be instituted under Authority of this Act shall be enforced and put in execution in the same or the like Manner as the Judgments, Orders, and Decrees of the High Court of Chancery may be how enforced and put in execution.

[Power to make Rules, &c for Procedure, and to alter them from Time to Time.]

LIII. The Court shall make addr Rules and Regulations concerning the Practice and Procedure under this Act as it may from Time to Time consider expedient, and shall have full Power from Time to Time to revoke or alter the same.

[Fees to be regulated.]

LIV. The Court shall have full Power to fix and regulate from Time to Time the Fees payable upon all Proceedings before it, all which Fees shall be received, paid, and applied as herein directed: Provided always, that the said Court may make such Rules and Regulations as it may deem necessary and expedient for enabling Persons to sue in the said Court in forma pauperis.

[Appeal from the Judge Ordinary to the full Court.]

LV. Either Party dis-satisfied with any Decision of the Court in any Matter which, according to the Provisions aforesaid, may be made by the Judge Ordinary alone, may, within Three Calendar Months after the pronouncing thereof, appeal therefrom to the full Court, whose Decision shall be final.

[Appeal to the House of Lords in case of Petition for Dissolution of a Marriage.]

LVI. Either Party dis-satisfied with the Decision of the full Court ©n any Petition for the Dissolution of a Marriage may, within Three Months after the pronouncing thereof, appeal therefrom to the House of Lords if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting at the End of such Three Months, then within Fourteen Days next after its meeting; and on the Hearing of any such Appeal the House of Lords may either dismiss the Appeal or reverse the Decree, or remit the Case to the Court, to be dealt with in all respects as the House of Lords shall direct.

[Liberty to Parties to marry again.]

LVII. When the Time hereby limited for appealing against any Decree dissolving a Marriage shall have expired, and no Appeal shall have been presented against such Decree, or when any such Appeal shall have been dismissed, or when in the Result of any Appeal any Marriage shall be declared to be dissolved, but* not sooner, it-shall be lawful for the respective Parties thereto to marry again, as if the prior Marriage had been dissolved by Death:

[No Clergyman compelled to solemnize certain Marriages.]

Provided always, that no Clergyman in Holy Orders of the United Church of England and Ireland shall be compelled to solemnize the Marriage of any Person whose former Marriage may have been dissolved on the Ground of

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85. 859

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

his or her Adultery, or shall be liable to any Suit, Penalty, or Censure for solemnizing or refusing to solemnize the Marriage of any such Person.

[If Minister of any Church, &c. refuses to perform Marriage Ceremony, any other Minister may perform such Service.]

LVIII. Provided always, That when any Minister of any Church or Chapel of the United Church of England and Ireland shall refuse to perform such Marriage Service between any Persons who but for such Refusal would be entitled to have the same Service performed in such Church or Chapel, such Minister shall permit any other Minister in Holy Orders of the said United Church, entitled to officiate within the Diocese in which such Church or Chapel is situate, to perform such Marriage Service in such Church or Chapel.

[No Action in England for Criminal Conversation.]

LIX. After this Act shall have come into operation no Action shall be maintainable in England for Criminal Conversation.

[All Fees, except as herein provided, to be collected by Stamps.]

LX. None of the Fees payable under this Act, except as herein expressly provided, shall be received in Money, but every such Fee shall be collected and received by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which would otherwise be payable; and the Fees to be so collected by Stamps shall be "Stamp Duties," and be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

[Provisions concerning Stamps for the Court of Probate to be applicable to the Purposes of this Act.]

LXI. The Provisions contained in or referred to by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, "to amend the Laws relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England," and applicable to the Collection and Payment and Accounts of the Fees to be received thereunder by means of Stamps, and to such Stamps, and the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on or to which the same shall be impressed or affixed, and in relation to Documents which ought to have Stamps impressed thereon or affixed thereto, and to the Punishment of Persons for such wrongful Acts as therein mentioned in relation to Stamps, or Fees or Sums of Money which ought to be collected by means of Stamps, shall be applicable to and for the Purposes of this Act, as if such Provisions as aforesaid had been contained or referred to in this Act with reference to the like Matters, and the Court under this Act had been mentioned, instead of the Court of Probate, or the Judge thereof, as the Case may be.

[Expenses of the Court to be paid out of Monies to be provided by Parliament.]

LXII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and appropriated by Parliament for the Purpose, to cause to be paid all necessary Expenses of the Court under this Act, and other Expenses which may be incurred in carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect, except as herein otherwise provided.

860 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

[Stamp Duty on Admission of Proctors, and annual Certificates.]

LXIII. The same Amount of Stamp Duty as is now payable on the Admission of a Proctor to any Ecclesiastical Court shall be payable by every Person to be admitted as a Proctor in the Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or in the Court of Probate, who shall not have been previously admitted as a Proctor in the other of such Courts, or in an Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court, and have paid the Stamp Duty in respect thereof; and every Person who shall practise as a Proctor or as a Solicitor or Attorney in the said Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or the said Court of Probate, shall obtain an annual Certificate to authorize him so to do, under the Stamp Duty Acts, in the same Manner as Proctors practising in the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts, and Solicitors and Attornies practising in Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, are now required to do by the said Acts or any of them, and shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Disabilities in case of any Neglect to obtain such Certificates as such Proctors, Attornies, and Solicitors are now subject and liable to for any similar Neglect, and as if the Clauses and Provisions of the said Acts in relation to such Certificates had been inserted in this Act, and specially enacted in reference to Proctors, Solicitors, and Attornies practising in the said Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes and Court of Probate, provided that One annual Certificate only shall be required for any one Person, although he may practise in more than One of the Capacities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts herein-before mentioned.

[Compensation to Proctors.]

LXIV. Every Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act has been duly admitted and is practising as a Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court in England shall, at the Expiration of Two Years from and after the Commencement of this Act, be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the said Commissioners, by Examination of Evidence on Oath (which they are hereby empowered to administer), or otherwise, as they shall think fit, shall inquire into and ascertain the Loss, if any, of Professional Gains and Profits in respect of Suits relating to Marriage and Divorce sustained by such Proctors respectively, upon a Comparison in each Case of the average clear Gains of the Three Years immediately before the Commencement of this Act, arising from such last-mentioned Business, and the Average of the same Gains during the Two Years immediately succeeding the Commencement of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall in each Case, having regard to all the Circumstances, award a reasonable Compensation, by way of Annuity, to the Persons sustaining such Loss, during their Lives, but in no Case shall such Annuity exceed One Half of the annual Loss so ascertained as aforesaid; and such Annuities shall be paid out of Monies to be annually provided by

20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85. 861

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Parliament for that Purpose, and the Persons receiving the same shall be subject to the Provisions contained in the Nineteenth Section of the Act of Fourth and Fifth William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four.

[As to Salary of Judge of Court of Probate, if appointed Judge of Court of Divorce, &c.]

LXV. In case the Judge of the Court of Probate established by any Act passed during the present Session shall be appointed Judge Ordinary of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, the Salary of such Judge shall be the Sum of Five thousand Pounds per Annum; but such Judge, if afterwards appointed Judge of the Admiralty Court, shall not be entitled fo any Increase of Salary.

[Power to Secretary of State to order all Letters Patent, Records, &c. to be transmitted from all Ecclesiastical Courts.]

LXVI. Any One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may order every Judge, Registrar, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court in England or the Isle of Man, or any other Person having the public Custody of or Control over any Letters Patent, Records, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Books, Documents, or other Instrument relating to Marriages, or to Suits for Divorce, Nullity of Marriage, Restitution of Conjugal Rights, or to any other Matters or Causes Matrimonial, except Marriage Licences, to transmit the same, at such Times and in such Manner, to such Places in London or Westminster, and under such Regulations, as the said Secretary of State may appoint;

[Penalty on disobeying such Order.]

and if any Judge, Registrar, Officer, or other Person shall wilfully disobey such Order he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recoverable by any Registrar of the Court of Probate as a Debt under this Act in any of the Superior Courts at Westminster, and for the Second and subsequent Offences the Judge Ordinary may commit the Person so offending to Prison for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months, provided that the Warrant of Committal be countersigned by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the said Persons so offending shall forfeit all Claim to Compensation under this Act.

[Rules, &c. to be laid before Parliament.]

LXVII. All Rules and Regulations concerning Practice or Procedure, or fixing or regulating Fees, which may be made by the Court under this Act, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Yearly Account of Fees, &c. to be laid before Parliament.]

LXVIII. The Judge Ordinary of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes for the Time being shall cause to be prepared in each Year ending December Thirty-one a Return of all Fees and Monieslevied in such Year on account of the Fee Fund of the Court of

862 20° & 21° VICTORIAE, Cap. 85.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and of any other Fund under the Authority of this Act; also, a Return of the annual Salaries of the said Judge Ordinary, and of all Persons holding Offices in the said Court, with all the incidental Expenses of the said Court, whether- the Salaries and incidental Expenses aforesaid be defrayed out of Fees or out of any other Monies; also, a Return of all Superannuations, Pensions, Annuities, retiring Allowances, and Compensations made payable under this Act, in each Year, stating the gross' Amount, and the Amount in detail; of such Charges: Provided always, that all such Returns as aforesaid shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or before the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented within One Month of the First Meeting of Parliament after the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year.

